basically I've got to go I TV at
half-past two but there is something
super super excited marks and I are
soon you can probably guess what it is
I'm not going to tell you but we want to
make it extra special for you guys watch
annoying before I TV to do something
cool for you guys whilst we're in
basically I also bought a new snowboard
I brought as bloomin fuckin snowboard
guys is in that case remind me to show
you it in tomorrow's vlog if I forget to
do it today I'll try my best to show you
it is lovely it is like amazing
insane and probably why this hotel cost
more than your average hotel here in
Tokyo just just to take a look at this
check this out though Oh boss dude this
view is unreal this is such a blessing
you just don't see stuff like this
typically in America I mean it's just a
look at how it's so it's so dense so
densely populated it's beautiful
the city is absolutely gorgeous look at
it oh my gosh we're so high up weight
can poop on you guys have seen the view
it's obviously gorgeous and I want to
moment this is my first time here and
I've just been blown away with how
beautiful it is we're literally in the
middle of nowhere this is it's basically
just lavender field it's just gorgeous
and I'm here because looks at time have
brought me here and yeah it's so kind of
them such a beautiful trip so nice to
come somewhere I've never been before I
and I just wanted to show you my room
quickly so this is my gorgeous little
balcony that I have and then the view is
which I'm gutted about that no it's
gorgeous and all of this there were a
this is the product that I love Ted the
Lumia and they actually gave me another
one out here but I'd really packed one
with me and this one has many with it so
pretty
on Friday but that would be lovely
that'd be really fun and I'm looking
forward to unburden but I do know that
I'm here kind of wish that I could stay
a bit longer because it's just so so
lovely actually while I remember I'm
we've got so many homemade product honey
from performed all of these incredible
jams apricot raspberries big mmm we've
got some homemade almond butter here
from from the omentum is to be a really
really delicious because I'm definitely
going to try some of it I can
Nilda so this is what it's going for
this is homemade almond milk and I love
how thick it is you can just tell how
fresh and natural that is some homemade
almond butter cherries figs because I'm
obsessed with them and then some bread
like a proper French chateau gorgeous
know how you can join a serious nice to
me so I've come into the kitchen and
this is absolutely my dream kitchen I
just I can't believe it's so traditional
all these gorgeous plates and even this
I've gone for a Swedish deep tissue
massage which feel like I really really
need especially my back so I'm so
excited so what is amazing what out
it's called hotel diplomat I think I
will correct you if I'm wrong in a
minute but I just want to give you a
quick room tour so how cute is this what
you found Venetian we're roomies by the
I'm so excited and there are some really
really lovely products in the bathroom
I've just wanted to so looking forward
to using them look at how gorgeous is
tabled it so it is loaded so beautifully
I've also just put my side on using all
of the Maria Nina products I really
really like it very kind of classic not
any like classic movie star style I
really like it but and we're just
we've got these lovely little travel
size products some shampoo and
conditioner and by the way we've all got
different stuff in our boxes they're all
personalized so this one is repaired
because my hair needs repairing
I definitely need a haircut but also
but look at how great all of these vegan
snack pack justice and chocolate huh I'm
an absolute joy colic all coconut milk
yeah oh Phoenicia is going to give it a
taste test that's the one from yesterday
which oh I've had this really good okay
ready ready
so I just wanted the cathedral and
you'll see right here beautiful I didn't
so much in there just out of respect
like a couple shots they will show you
in the National Library and he was like
the most beautiful place I've ever been
so I just did the upper belvedere
it was beautiful I couldn't really feel
much I found a couple of the halls which
I'll show you obviously and they were
gorgeous or the marble staircase like
blew my mind and they have the food
that was the best five euros I think of
a button oh my god amazing such a
beautiful way to see the city at the
shine like the most perfect autumn day
oh my god i was in fact that experience
could fry but right now I am heading to
ballet bar in Norwich where I live and
there's a large studio and I spoke to
freak last night number II really
excited and I'm hoping they're going to
kick my book cause you know when you
need somebody else to get clip on so I
will let you guys know how it goes
something tells me it's going to be
really difficult welcome to the studio
freaking I loved it with so much fun and
my butt is going to really hurt tomorrow
tomorrow and then I've done overnight
oats and this is of the chocolate
variety Williams got in I've got it it's
literally this rebel milk chocolate and
it's dairy-free and it's it just super
yummy we just want to think of it not
that's such a nice day for a walk under
our friends this morning which is really
lovely blue skies and everything just
gorgeous and this afternoon I've been
all going to some dinners and drinks
going to be really really love the day
don't know if you guys see this yet
orange mascara it's from Mac I'm
obsessed with having is such such a cool
look and we're going to clearings in and
but I've got because I these earrings
from a sauce what's the highlight yars
necklace my beloved necklace and
Swarovski and I've got this balloon
sleeve shirt from next which you've seen
a million times and then my AllSaints
trousers with a red stripe from mango
shoes you probably already seen this
look in my work play video if you
Yeti they were such an amazing view I
literally had the best day I can't wait
to see the video and if it lizards like
the shots are looking insane so if we
sent me over the select yes today and
I'm so so happy with them that's really
exciting I can't wait to share that and
yeah we shot everything our way to shoot
today so I'm so happy is such a great
help is so wonderful and so patient with
me which is amazing some really really
like thrilled that we've all that done
it's got a white shirt on this is from a
sauce and I've dipped hand huge costs
again from a sauce or pink fucking
necktie my jeans are from all
and I think they're freaking badass the
match and jacket to them to just their
exam and then my brand new Gucci loafers
with Donald Duck on okay your ah they're
beautiful
I don't even mention the 3d camera like
how far there you go I can see the sea
and everything looks so beautiful
that is so gorgeous driving around here
so so lovely I love this now for a
coffee break
they're really really cute little cafe
apparently it's one of the oldest
watching this vlog Lisbon is so
beautiful
every corner you turn there's just
something to take a photo of it's just
absolutely gorgeous and I definitely
want to go back for a longer time
pan is outfit of the day you will not
believe how beautiful the skies and the
Royal man sword probably most beautiful
I've ever been into look how gorgeous
it's been you walk in and this is what
you see it is beyond beautiful
that's the sky it is just so so so
gorgeous anyway I've been taking some
pictures yeah not having a spa treatment
because it's just so beautiful inside
you really really relaxing is what I
go and get ready for dinner we're going
to a place that was highly recommended
for from Instagram
of your day by the way how amazing is
this bag while it waits for the girls
you'd probably see me talk about it a
hundred times but I love it so much it's
so pretty so going to show you while I
wait I can show you a little reception
rooms this is it super beautiful this is
our reception room in our riad which is
gorgeous who they are the visions
hello visions oh my god this is such a
cute outfit wait that's mine you look
very sexual to Isabella right let's roll
my dress company food has arrived and
everything Luiza beyond insane oh my
gosh it's delish
dress so we kind of use one-shoulder my
bag but it's bag of the song and the
song has been begun I love it so great
it's the best dad and it fits load it
now you can go to my favorite room in
hotel ama muniya so beautiful goodbye
beautiful Riyadh bye hi beautiful riad
goodbye beautiful romance full on the
sat outside having some breakfast we're
saying the most beautiful hotel right on
the lake and it's just honestly I had to
pinch myself when I woke up this morning
because i looked at laser pictures of
the Black Forest and I knew how
beautiful it was going to be but I just
never imagined it would be this pretty
then tonight we are going to the Black
Forest christmas market which has been
like a highlight that I've been waiting
for for the whole trip because we go at
night time and it's meant to be just the
most beautiful thing that loads of you
guys has told us to come to
so we're into Bingham and we are favored
pronounce that right and we have come
for the chocolate market which is going
to be one of mine and Holly's highlights
as we both love chocolate and I've heard
so much about it's the prettiest town
it's so beautiful and I haven't even
heard of it before we came here so we
were like we have to go to the chocolate
market is one of the christmas markets
South bronzing stones I love and but
I've written about them already use them
loads and loads and so I'm swapping that
for the essay edit bronzer which is like
a barely born so it's really nice so
that goes all there and then I've got
highlighter Luminizer undetectable
Luminizer I'm really interested in this
from make up forever with a brush so
that's going in this very weird-looking
mascara from Mac ghulam concealer I've
got loads of Real Techniques sponge as I
want to try vation from bare minerals
which is a powder foundation not
normally really my cup of tea but I'm
gonna give it a go i'm not sure which
shade i am so i'll take both back with
me then I've got soap & Glory neutrals
pellets and I've got the YSL contouring
palette which I think comes with this
brush here so pop that in and then the
Smashbox can
right ready BB so you know I might not
get through all of this I like to try
stuff loads and really get used to it
and this route our room is honestly the
nicest most incredible hotel room I've
ever stayed in in my entire life I'm
obsessed
do that but if so so beautiful we're
staying in one Brooklyn one hotels but
the Brooklyn one which is why we've got
the amazing view over Manhattan and it's
just beautiful we're here with West Elm
and for a couple of days and then
look at their like full and full that
autumn and winter collection and it
looks really nice all their Christmas
and then this is my and Other Stories
skirt you guys know I love the skirt the
slip I've got quite high so I sort of
have to do
it down every now and again but it's
very nice and slow to you when it's warm
outside I've got my selected femme
espadrilles on maybe because they're the
most comfortable shoes I have and yes
they we walked there like eight miles or
something crazy eight miles and a
like a lovely place these comment
dresses and really his ball for you my
t-shirt is great it's a great material
was a great great solid searches we have
and then this is the bed the bed is in
credible like seriously so comfortable
really cushiony like sleeping on a cloud
quickly show you work on my lips it is
this from glossier I picked it up today
and it is in the shade zip and I like it
kind of matching the shoes a little bit
if it is like an orange II sort of rusty
red I absolutely love it but in kind of
lip balm form it didn't use any liner
and it is very like quick and easy to
use I feel like I'm wearing red but not
Gordon Mouse ending this is spicy tuna
salmon avocado special like a crispy
right oh man this it's amazing lips
flowers very delicately placed on as
well as impressive is it absolute best
moment I've ever had
lip stuff is nice I like it and I like
reapplied at once and but yeah it's been
I've gone for and smashed avocado
avocado and a poached egg so yeah very
excited about that trying to find some
which is looking at Leah's accessories
it's beautiful this space is so nice
they always found such a cool display
yeah it's amazing these are quite
spectacular
so fastly and new look very kindly sent
me a few bits first up I've got these
jogger trouser things these are my new
favorite things now like jogger material
but they look like trousers so you could
wear them to any small event and be
super comfortable it's like taking your
pajamas around with you all day is I
just so comfy then they sent me this
running part which is kind of like a
subtle color and I feel like you could
wear this without constantly being like
having the jokes made oh well where's
your body gone where's your body gone
you know I think it's really cool I'm
pieces and I'm from Neelix is this shirt
so this is a really nice um color
I can imagine bit like with rolled-up
sleeves and like boating with a t-shirt
or wrapped around your waist
I think that wasn't really cool and it
will definitely be used for both of
those things then I have a cream kind of
roller this is a really nice kind of
off-white I think this is really good
first layering type of that person under
t-shirt and speaking of which this
t-shirt and you could wear that with
anything such major things just throw on
so thank you very much new look I look
forward to styling those items and stay
some grooming products here so we've got
water charged gel cream a future rescue
Repair Serum and finally and urban blue
detox clay mask now this is really cool
I love the packaging this has got that
in New York skyline and as you may know
have Zuzu man the beauty man that was
really cool they're launching their new
line of tailoring and it's so nice there
are these pinstriped trousers which I
need so in here we've got some creek
hey what oh this is really cool Evo
shavers and it's so highly that's
perfect travel size thank you very much
watches laughs like what incredible and
if I have any three cyclist I love these
as a fans so annal multifunctional and
the other thing in here it's very
interesting it's a flat spot time oh my
god so swatch have given me one of the
new watch I want it on right now next up
we have this one is a very intriguing
sheet and I mean it's a boxy shape
bubble wrap
okay so nice I've got two portable
charges from the brand box also this
onto desk charger which you can plug Wow
like five different devices in and then
this point is a portable charger which I
really could have used yesterday because
my phone and ran out of battery on the
plate now this is great so these may
just look like a normal pack of mini
eggs but in here there are eight mini
bags of mini eggs which is perfect
because I am so busy and I will buy one
of those recaps of mini eggs which is
like a share pack and just eat the whole
thing
because I cannot stop myself that is the
perfect size packet of mini eggs
so the great I mean it wouldn't be
Easter without an Easter Egg at home
this year and Cadbury are doing a heroes
Easter egg which is really cool because
of the heroes it's like they're kind of
selection box so you've got the caramel
swirl Sarge cream egg
whisper that is amazing that one really
cool idea and easter egg chocolate is
just the best chocolate then I have this
now this is again one of the core things
as an additive everything is the coolest
thing in the side possibly is basically
an Easter egg hunt for lazy people
it's amazing a Cadbury chocolate is just
lit and finally are you ready for an egg
and spoon Oreo what it's like they
combines the two best things and just
made them into one superior thing like
all other chocolate brands can just stop
now because Cadbury just one and then my
say a massive massive thank you to all
of the lovely brands who was so generous
and said anything and I appreciate that
a lot
I'll leave all the links to all those
products below if you want to check them
out do so and now I'm going to eat
was buying it but it is the dr. jar
Sarah midden so I'm meeting Caroline
lobster Lily really loves it she kept
going on about
so I thought it'd be nice to have
another option especially this one's
good for travel I really like the glossy
a priming moisturizer rich and I say
this is quite similar but just easier to
travel with because in tube and it's
lighter and smaller start it's very good
and then also this oh my god it's
another doctor gel this is the premium
BB multi-action skin care and makeup
SPF well it's 45 what around that and I
think this was only about 30 pounds and
I didn't realize just how tinted it
would be like it properly
it's like foundation basically I used to
use the water fuse back in the day like
the greeny one and that was always
really good this is supposedly like the
premium one with like more skin care
benefits and I don't know it's got more
coverage but it definitely feels like
it's got more coverage in it but it's
really really nice just super impressed
with this because I always sit and do my
and glowy it's got a bit of warmth in it
which I appreciate because I have not
been fake tanning this summer at all so
I kind of appreciate that little bit of
glow it's got in it and I just feel like
put some mascara on purple lip balm on
basically you're done I'm gonna leave my
take over Kate Nash foundations it's
basically on my teenage like angsty
relationships just in one song it's so
good it really takes me back and I just
love it and sing it really loudly and
it's got Klaxons on it electric fill
box view down below so in my massive pan
which might just be the best thing that
I've ever purchased if I can find it
online I'll link it down below but
honestly it's so good for things like
eating this around a week my camel coat
that I ordered as part of my little
capsule wardrobe rejigged has arrived
and I absolutely love it it's from
whistles I turn it around so you can
have a look so chat with like the color
and the length and the style I like that
it has a wrap around if I need it too it
makes it a bit more trench coat in a
little bit more fitted and structured
which is what I tend to like in my
clothing but without is definitely more
of like a duster vibe so I'll link it
down below for you and I got it directly
off the whistles website and it came
fun fact used to think that dried
apricots were disgusting yeah and then I
think that has some in France or
something they tasted like nature's
candy like they were literally like
sweets so I really enjoy those we've got
been reading this book oh this is a
terrible idea
lemon poppy seed lemon poppy seed
muffins how good do they look like oh
they're amazing the cherry bomb cookbook
I got this when I was in New York with
Bobby Brown but honestly it's like the
worst thing to read when you're hungry
so all the recipes look ridiculously
are going to go to Nando's and grab a
bit of chicken everyone let's do a
little bit of chilli and then yeah we're
yes I keep keeping them in the box reven
I said scream was because I scream every
time I see bu thank oh my girls sorry
about squeals but I am in love so these
are my new shoes if you want to see like
a proper shoe review I've done like an
actual true of you I've never done that
before on my blog
of these because I am obsessive em guy
made a comment tonight and he was like
you know I know she is because I
literally warned them like every single
time I could possibly ever wear heels
they're like princess oh my god those
stain they are literally princess shoes
I'm obsessing them found a few different
versions these but they still have a few
sizes left of these on Luiza via Romans
I'll link them down below actually just
read my blog post pass and then you'll
see if they're the kind of shoe for you
these are honestly the most beautiful
shoes I think I've ever owned just to
put this in perspective you I've never
kept a shoe in a box before I always
take the box when I throw the Box away I
probably have countless messages and I
have never ever kept a shoe in a box
because just oh oh my gosh they're not
real
I mean those are never staying the light
keeps reflecting off some religious
themes
I mean imagine looking down at your feet
and seeing this oh my gosh
ones you don't like it this stuff is
unreal it is the envy organics gentle
Queen Samantha it is so good if you have
unhappy skin if you just need this in
your life
it is like hydrating and calming and
soothing and nourishing this is my third
one by the way this is a massive product
for me and then the rose hydrating mist
I use that as well and tonight I'm going
to use my glam Bloustein art which is
such a good overnight hydrator
I love it if you travel or you go on
long-haul flight you need that in your
life so we know why I'm sending
them but one goes think that Chanel
they're from I think it's like through
2016 and they have pearls around the
outside and I just think they're so
beautiful you won't have one they were
yeah look how beautiful these shoes are
these are Jimmy Choo and they have
about the front there's a pointy you
know I let my point so I'm going to try
these on and show you what they look
like these are the Jimmy two-shoes
that's so cute and pretty I love them I
love the bow sometimes I find the heel
on the Jimmy Choo a bit too low for me
but this is quite a nice heel you can
probably have they're so cute - so cute
have once dinner like this from hmm same
kind of stripes more of a winter dress I
loved it so much I wore all the time so
easy to wear and super flattering and
gorgeous and I was like this is like a
summer version it's light and since I'm
led to this one down below oh my god so
what do you guys think of this dress I
love the colors on first glance I
honestly prefer the hmm fit to this fit
although I do really like the color it
does come with a little slip underneath
oh and here are the shoes it would
definitely pair these two together I
think it'd look really nice
show you them at the same happy this top
is from a CV a white solid house nothing
new here but I just really like the
sleeves I thought the sleeves are really
unique and the fabric is really
beautiful as well and then the second
thing I have to show you is this
wraparound skirt which has a soak this
slip it loves the blue and the cream
together and I think with heels and a
little crop top it will look really
sweet no I love white after all the tops
returned it from urban outfitters its
most amazing red emoji salsa breath look
at the hemline I'm wearing it with the
Jimmy Choo shoes again just to show you
what it looks like but look at this oh
my gosh it's just so beautiful
I've already told like ten friends to go
and buy it they love it so much I want
side by the way the glam glow totally
got rid of my spot it was amazing
overnight by the way and I probably
spot just a bit literally overnight the
thirsty mud by the way the blue one I'm
a big fan I am littering umber one fan
ordered two really cute planners from
anthropology let me just show you these
number one planner is this one it's so
pretty I think it's just like so classy
and simple and then the second planner I
think is adorable it's not one
I'll have them both link down below for
you guys but obsessed I have a lot to do
makeup so I either use this amazing
micellar water oh it's on the floor I'm
Edition but this is one of the products
I really like and it's this micellar
cleansing water and I usually do this
is just the Estee Lauder CC cream which
isn't really anything it just gives me a
bit of like color and a bit of glow and
it's like perfect for no makeup days
Fuji film XT
to camera with me which most of my
Instagram photos at the moment I've been
taking them on that camera and I really
really like it I would definitely
recommend it especially over the what's
the other camera there like all the
bloggers use Olympus ten it's like a
hundred times better but I think it's
also a lot more expensive it's like the
same price as a proper proper camera but
yeah I really like it it's so great but
Wi-Fi as well so it's perfect for
Instagram photos because I can just take
a load of photos and then when we sit
down have lunch or something I can just
Wi-Fi them over to my phone and edit
them on there this is the Loreal cushion
some new sunglasses but I've never felt
this way about sunglasses I swear I love
them and they are perfect there was a
oh this jumper was from ASOS like a year
ago people always ask me when I wear it
but it's like super cozy a car believe
candle well it smells amazing
it's got plum blossom freesia freesia
and apple really really nice it's very
like autumnal candle hmm my Asus parcel
and show you guys what I got one jumper
from whistles it's black it's got gold
buttons it looks like this it's kind of
high neck we will see what and then
second thing is from weekday oh this is
very soft I'm glad about that this is
from weekday and it's a little kind of
mint drop shoulder jumper so I'm gonna
try these on decide which one to keep
hopefully not both that is for video I'm
give it away I've used the evader
purifying scalp cleanser before this is
the one I usually use and I'm much
prefer it it's just it's like a shampoo
it feels like a shampoo but it purifies
your scalp and gives it good cleanse and
it's much easier to use than I can
I'll leave a link below my book oh my
god that's coming round so far so
release
tour dates this week if you're
interested in those as a blog post on my
blog or if you check out this at the
one thing that I know she'll want more
than anything which is some Brie because
she loves with cheese and she won't have
had me for nine months it's very
exciting and yeah I'm very very excited
that I'm watching Advent to time to help
me sleep I love this program so much I
we just had a really delicious lunch I
ate way too much past it's not good for
me and Gemma had a yummy healthy
crudité night it's really delicious now
evening my top from River Island I've
got last year that is the most handy
thing in the world I love it topshop
shorts my new sandals from office which
I love and I got into shades and my bag
is from brandy melville and my nails are
revlon partner what it's called and the
lipstick is clinic um poppy pop and
that's why that that's that
these are the little yogurts I always
talk about that I love in France and I
don't think you can get them at home but
they're so nice my CDs and I was little
all the time and then I put a bit of
honey and on top and it's delicious all
we have melon pan chocola very French
make sure you are wearing today my
ray-ban Erica's my monkey desktop my
topshop Mazzara wrapped around my
topshop shorts last year and my
birkenstocks which is so comfy and then
just having this doll sort of it's
called a yoga ball in this from this
cookbook the test ward one I love it so
much so basically have it it's like
sweet potato red lentils coconut milk
hotel so we are actually staying at the
Sanderson hotel which is on Berner
Street in central London I've never
actually stayed there before by being
there and it's absolutely beautiful so
I'm really excited to be staying there
going out to dinner at physical cha to
Ma Tei which is Japanese I think your
kind of fusion I've been there once
before and I loved it we actually really
I'm crazy I love tinned Liedtke and as I
live they lychee I say likey and they
come in it's like really sweet syrup
specially not good for you 18 is all the
time as a kid and I saw them in the
supermarket yesterday and have to get in
oh my god they're so delicious we have
box or Adam which is a really cute
little a nifty car is actually really
enjoyed driving it it's very small and
nippy and quite like sporty I'm going to
head downstairs now pack up the car so
I'll show you it because it's cute and
it's red and white so Arsenal fans will
approve okay
show you the room in fun we've just
walked in it's insane you walk in
there's like this pink yeah so full of
TV and then the bed is like right in the
middle of the room so cool there's like
some random weights here and then in
here is the bathroom
ah so pretty it's so amazing here I'm
nearly there dinner was so yummy the
food they're delicious but they changed
now water stones have an exclusive
Edition for some of their books right
so that's your task if you ever in a
waterstones book water stone shop and
you buy a copy and you find the shiny
want to reread Handmaid's Tale because I
haven't read that for decades and I've
been watching the series on television
it's brilliant
hello it's so much easier when you've
got an actual just sort of one-handed
device like the Kindle and it's got a
light in it so yeah I'm back on the
got on that new Dior mousse foundation
and it is like having an airbrushed face
kiddies healthy appetite there and I'm
looking forward to reading that and
really need some healthy eating ideas or
stay at a hotel it's only an hour away
from our house it's called the Grove a
few of you recommended it to me on
Instagram so I called up a booked it so
we're really looking forward to it we've
got a room with bunk beds for the kids
and there's a family swimming pools
loads of grounds and there's lots to do
for the children so yeah we're really
looking forward to it aren't we yeah
just arrived
Oh excited it looks beautiful
really beautiful here the grounds are
incredible and as loads of artwork
around and the boys are actually little
questions and it's just really lovely so
highlight of the room is bunk beds which
we have just woken up in the beautiful
admire bay house which is in ullapool
about an hour and a half north of
Inverness that was the worst Scottish
yeah just woken up to this most
incredible view and have the best
night's sleep because there was
absolutely no noise no lights anywhere
weekend and this place it was staying
this is so beautiful it's just lovely
I'm I think it's a full bedroom cottage
just exploring the local beaches near
the cottage
so the surroundings are pretty
spectacular and yeah can you go for nice
in the walk
and Platt feeling a bit like Lara Croft
in my leather look jeans Karen Millen
love them um and high-neck don't know
and they've just been discussing lovely
new Tom Ford launches for the new
spring/summer collection which I'll show
so I now come to the Ilario Bateman tree
and then launching or they've just
norwich tanu range of products with
plate which I have never heard of before
I think they're probably the first to
market doing play in the hair products
so this mask was really good for oily
roots and dry hands which is exactly
what I have with my hats I've just had
that put in as pre shampoo treatment and
kettle and I'm gonna have one of those
lovely Neal's Yard umm calming chamomile
teas and then I'm gonna crack on with
friends Sophie and Matt we are staying
at Villa Nadia which is here beautiful
Villa is very kind of typical Sicilian
inside now and we have some lovely
little villa and a beautiful pool you
is good so we are now in the like main
area it's kind of a very very open plan
that Villa so this is like the now and
cherry
got some nice little painting from the
walls we've got a big TV like lounge
area over here a very pretty fireplace
behind me some little candles I think
they're I wish a limoncello but it's not
limoncello is it citronella consider
nella candles and a dining table and
then through here is the kitchen where
and you can get a better view of the
villa here looks really beautiful up on
the hill and the view really is great
beautiful view and that is C we also
pretty look we both happy special
flavored ice cream treats what have you
got
Magnum pistache oh and I've got Magnum
this trampolining place in Guilford
called air hop a for air like Sesame
Street today's letter is a say that's
what we're doing and it sounds amazing
apparently there's only one of these in
the country at the moment I think
they're opening couple more and yeah
sounds amazing so before we go try it
is from Zara and then these boots are
actually from H&M I used to absolutely
hate hmmm shoes and they really stepped
up this autumn and then these little
glasses which and then I have a lip
color on which is a color pop one and
into Oliver bonus because they do the
best wrapping paper ever being on Odin
so Cena bet he now wants me to go in
here well we can cross green man this is
so exciting
brand new pair of trainers with pew
muscles in collaboration so we're going
to launch that so George and I are very
excited indeed just not excitable going
infinity gallery you know love artwork
and sculptures are in its own and then
Florence is definitely one place to
visit to see it's very popular with
was really nice the food was out of this
world it was really yummy it's quite
we've got hardly a Little River Island
dog jacket which matches Leah's jacket
you know that we love Disney Channel
we're 23 yes I know I love it
I'm not ashamed to say that I love it
so we're now back from the screening we
saw the film it was a crime get it so us
and you guys are gonna absolutely love
it
dancing the singing everything about it
was incredible and you might know how
much we love Disney to say yes I'm the
second film did not disappoint
beds metal garden beds we got three of
them calm metal garden bed calms where
we're not sponsored but thanks these
look great we got three of these ten
currently at the pig hotel near bath
it's absolutely beautiful we've been
there five minutes ten minutes and we
love it already
table here oh my gosh look at that
shower
I cannot wait to use that it's so nice
oh spend oh you're dark and I bet oh my
gosh so I just love it look at it it's
just I love it
you want to go home but the hotel itself
is lovely lovely wildlife
so cool I'm wearing Ivy Park today
Topshop Pima are ready so aquel is going
think one at record I'm wearing all
jaded London in this look now is a
really cool pair guys make sure you go
just some details she is a really cool
detail and jackets just gorgeous
so I have gone for I tried on about 16
pairs and I went for women's pair
so just beautifully tailored to my
Sparrow legs as you can see I'm blogging
shush beautifully tailored to my spells
like the detail in the air in the year
and the lower leg there the car was an
outstanding car I must say the jumpers
not so much on fleek
but yeah I'm gonna buy them and more
cards and put my next genes in the bin
to a place called the Monkey Bar didn't
we
Monkey Bar the one path and that's like
a rooftop which is lovely but for a
really nice dinner at NME beautiful
place beautiful food they went to a gig
this product we've seen people raised
about the rosehip facial oil and then
I've got the lms facial wash which i'm
also have those good things about and
then these two a day and night cream
which i'm going to try and then this
black head kind of Perfector things i'm
excited to try days i've got i've had
really excited to try this almost got
that can make this booth ring Center
Parcs but it's doing it all tour of my
view oh how come on how thirty lovely we
have been gifted this so it's not
sponsored not being paid to say anything
or have been paid to come but we haven't
had to pay for the chalet or the lodge
which is this one I was been given like
a very nice like deluxe Lodge so it's me
impressed I really really like first
impressions are really nice the lodge
itself seems to be all quite high
standard our view is very nice
what are your initial thoughts okay okay
so nice isn't it is it better than we
thought is going to be you've had a lot
hope I hope so B I'm trying this jumper
from hmm I'll try link it down below
um creepy hand and then this jacket is
from ASOS like last year leggings from
Isabella Oliver I believe I'll link them
down below Maternity ones they're really
comfy and thick and trainers just a
necessity at this point because walking
hat to vlog Liberty it's so pretty oh my
god
also we got this from Amazon this is the
best thing ever like I would put this in
a favorites video but I feel like it's
boring to put in but yeah Jason just got
it from Amazon it's just so it's comfy
to sit in the bar and honestly it's just
the best like that and this I think
Nikki also bought this on Amazon and
yeah this is the brand I don't know if
you guys want an eye but yeah it's just
handy I don't really put any technology
what they don't like oh I'll try and
show you guys tomorrow in better light
but I really really love them and yeah
there it's really pretty and yeah feel
really nice and groomed now and feminine
it's the ex1 invisible liquid foundation
I got it in the color 11 and I'm hoping
it's kind of match because they only had
this color they have loads of this color
I'm gonna sit and read some magazines
think so
I'm going to test this out and then and
looks like this is just the boy and
tinted eye bright and I've talked about
it before my channel but I love it and I
don't have my last one dried up so now
I'm also in dungarees for the first time
today I ordered these
about a week ago and there was a couple
of days ago but I haven't tried them on
until now I've currently got them
flipped down they're ripped as well and
wearing dungarees I also got a new bag
but it doesn't look how I want it to
look if that makes sense it's a leather
bag it's like this it's a Gucci bag
however I absolutely love it but I
really really want it to be like beaten
up and all that old-school and at the
moment is like brand-new fresh leather
which M I think it looks cool I was so
torn whether to actually go for it and
buy it or not and then I realized and I
two outfits for a blog post I'm working
on with a source which is really
exciting and love a source those was
really nice when you get to work with a
brand that you literally talk about like
in every single bloody video we shot
got home and these are waiting for me
from Viktor and Rolf these are so
gorgeous but this bouquet is like three
times the size of my head but it's
insane I'm doing a little bit of lag
a chop shop order arrived which I'm
really excited to show you
I thought no where so that they are now
doing Liberty print items and they're
like limited-edition and stuff like that
so I picked up a few pieces I just like
try them on see what the fit is like if
I like any of it if not send it back
middle I think by the way this is from
H&M home super cute I love it I have
top and then this pink skirt which I
really like I'm hoping this looks good
on because I really think it's cute and
and then I brought this skirt as well I
really like the print of it so I didn't
like the top version of it by ordered
this just because I think I will really
like this and get a lot of wear out of
it but and yeah I'm not going to keep
all on and see it all looks really
interesting so these are the cute little
these are actually shorts I can remember
for shorts or a skirt it shorts and I
really like the print of these so cute
they're a really nice fit they're just
like perfect just absolute perfect oh my
gosh I really like the pink skirt is so
cute tennis it's a bit too much like
other ruffles too much I like the cut of
it at the bottom I think it's really
flattering I think it's one of those
things that might only work in the
summer so I don't know I need to think
about how much wear out that I will get
over the next few summers but so pretty
shorts of these I really like the
print I think it's really nice I'm not
but i snapchatted so much of Drake last
night it was ah honestly the best thing
I've ever seen life I've seen quite a
lot of things like that he was hands
down the best thing I've ever seen live
opinion on the drake concert yesterday
I've already touched on this but legit
the best thing I've ever seen in my life
the best thing I've ever seen stick your
Chanel lipstick cult my hair with my
straightener is quite pleased of how
that came out and then I've got my Reese
dress on I showed you earlier and my
Valentino's it's gonna go down now and
before and I'm wearing this sweater from
Urban Outfitters it says oh hi there and
I'm on my new ASOS jeans with my address
trainers and I'm wearing stripy socks
because I just don't want cold ankles
and I feel like I can get away with it
because ok so we're just waiting for
Nero to arrive and then this morning
we're going to go meet Debs
and pull and go to Deb's as dad's bakery
so the bakeries in East London it's
called ring cops bakery and they've had
it in their family for like 150 years so
it's amazing delicious baked goods so
we're going to go and scoff our faces
bakery rink off the famous for their
amazing bagels and crow dough's which is
like a doughnut and a not a comput cross
on we're going to have a look around in
the bakery I mean what it smells amazing
brioche buns
mmm mmm oh my god Anna would die and so
much bread everywhere we're gonna walk
Street I was there yesterday I found
this shop I really really like Harley my
soaks kits eighth and everything was
made kashmir and they're like really
cool shapes and there's a shirt that i
just haven't stopped thinking about this
yesterday so my go take a look and
this is the shop get a to see that I
went into yesterday and I want to go
into again look how pretty it is this is
the shirt that I'm going to try on I
really like it because it is detailed
but expensive so let's see the looks
good
and these are the clip-on things you can
clip onto the glasses to make them
sunglasses I have these they're amazing
something else coming I think the
shooting was delicious as usual anywhere
did you like your first assumed
just looking around box Park I've coming
through the one-piece door and there's a
marble onesie
oh my god I need this in my life
oh really cool oh what's that
don't ask oh my gosh look at these
doughnuts and there's many ones that'll
I'd be saying that we need in London
mini donuts
we're getting a selection of six of the
mini donuts nivas gone for the pink one
so we're going to go to the urban food
festival which is like an outdoor food
going to dirty burger instead I say he
like I'm not gonna get anything you're
right you so you're gonna get so dirty
top is from Urban Outfitters it's cheap
Monday it's really nice and thick and I
tried it on it really nice this grey top
is also from Urban Outfitters it's
really like slouchy and comfortable it's
got like a nice low Z and then I also
got this from cause and I was going to
get it in the black or the navy blue I
tried on the pink just for size and I
actually really liked the pink I never
wear the sort of color it's like a blush
pink it's basically a really nice thick
sweater and then it's got this like
shirt section that's attached to it
which looks like it's gonna get really
Creasy
do my mascara I wanted to show you guys
this mascara because I'm loving it at
the moment
it's the Estee Lauder sumptuous knockout
for so I love the packaging as I waited
and amazing but this is so good for days
where you want slightly more natural
lashes but they really define and make
them really long let me see if I can
show you the brush this is the brush so
it's like one of those plasticky ones
but it's so so good I love it I'm
wearing Clinique lipliner in intense
blush which is really nice contra see in
this light you see better now
so this is the new top I bought from
Urban Outfitters yesterday which I love
the fit and the thickness of it it's so
comfortable
and I'm really enjoying the high neck at
the moment and these are my Asus jeans
head to Liberty I go her some Rococo
chocolate almonds because she loves
almonds and back at my parents house now
because I will show you these are the
culottes I bought from Topshop the other
day
very scary purchase but I liked them and
then actually I think you saw the other
have two pairs of black Jamie jeans
exactly the same but I just wear them so
often is worth having two and then one
to go out I am way my ripped Jamie jeans
and the new top that I got from Urban
Outfitters I love this really amazing
never have too good a night's sleep so
that's from Tesla mattresses big thank
shooting today I've got this little
silicon flower blue blazer by Reese
quite beauty newbies t-shirt from mink
pink those are made in Massillon jeans
or talking about last week and then
heart socks and gingham people how cute
phone over there I'm a little quick to
the lunch from bagel mash got two bagels
and two samples so we're going to eat
downtown to know you
I got smoked salmon cream cheese avocado
and rocket it looks delicious
and George got salt beef with mushroom
Fitness some form of pickle on the very
very slutty indeed morning everybody
to the valo Dance Academy for my lesson
and I'm so excited here we go and here
I've got this necklace on which is from
kishi jewelry and I never take this off
my queen necklace I love it so much and
really bad to get now I'm having a
little bit of a long fair with it again
because it just literally feels like
you're not wearing anything the coverage
is really really good so that was the
new bare minerals one and then I've used
not as a baby roll mascara from L'Oreal
which everybody loves and I took so long
to try it but it is ridiculous and it's
amazing and then the new Armani eyebrow
products which I really really love and
so three like new bits that I've tried
filming to do I am doing a year-long
thing with Sephora Sephora collection so
you're going to see a lot of videos I
love some more collection products I
first started working with them on a
video during Christmas time like three
different lip colors and I just like
absolutely loved the brand and the
actual product so I'm very honored and
excited just put up a unique video so
love Clinique obviously you guys know I
only do a sponsored post if I like the
brand it's so funny when I see people be
nothing wrong with that babe I put on
some of that Rimmel tinted moisturizer
and some days it can just make you look
like a million bucks in other days it
well Saturday night we got like an
Indian takeaway box from Asda you know
those meals that you can get it was like
eight pounds for two booths so good
seen that I bought some bits from
machine or sheet in and these are
actually perfect for Marrakech because
they're likely to like lacy cardigans
with a little tie on them and they're
just great because you can add them over
anything to cover yourself up a bit so
I've got that then I've got a couple
here as well and I love them I think
they're great so I'm gonna be taking
some of these just to throw on over kind
of everything else I'm wearing
nice pictures as well this one is so
pretty it's kind of
embroidered like floral pattern on it I
will leave links to some of these down
below if any of you are interested okay
in the wash and I'm wearing out which I
am definitely keeping so I've worn these
and not stopped since getting them but
forgot how much I loved these these also
from Topshop they're Lee jeans I didn't
like the pattern of them when they were
kind of sitting in the drawer but now
I've tried them on especially with this
top as well I think they look really
cool so I'm definitely keeping these and
now that I remembered that I've got them
I'm definitely gonna wear them often I'm
year I saw Jesus Christ Superstar at the
regents park open air theater and I fell
in love it was just so simple but so
beautiful that the song just came alive
more and I absolutely loved it so it was
the third time I saw it last night with
my mom and sister they both loved it too
and it's closing soon if you have a
chance please go and see it before it
ends because it's just incredible it's
got like a real rock vibe to it the
choreography is just incredible it's
very like contemporary and my favorite
thing about it is instead of blood they
use glitter so it's beautiful to watch
I came over it's from methi Zara so I
see the see-through crochet it's really
cute then I've got my glitter which as
it adds a little bit something got it
clear plastic bag I'm gonna take this as
my SPF and then I've also got a little
SPF 50 as well their shampoo conditioner
hair oil stuff like that after Sun this
is a great after Sun if anyone's after
I was trying them on last night and the
blue one I love but it's just not I mean
I know this one's not particularly fancy
it's still quite casual but like I don't
feel that comfortable in it the other
one from Topshop I love really wanted to
wear but why not and funding issues that
really went well with it but the main
thing is that I would have to like
really pin myself into it and that would
more hassle so I feel really comfortable
in this dress I do like this dress is
the dress I wore it in the last vlog
actually so it kind of feels like I've
worn it pretty much for the last like
four days um but I do love it I just
think it really suits me and it
comfortable and it's by the same Ralph
Lauren brand that the blue dress is from
and guys look look it has pockets and I
really like the dress like this leaves
us slightly flared and it's just lovely
color like babydoll spot smokes all
dress and I feel like this does go with
my boots so I'm wearing this today I've
I would vlog and we quickly show you
what I'm wearing I'm wearing my new mom
jeans from Urban Outfitters with the
Pinstripe these sandals are from jigsaw
and then this jump is from whistles
necklaces on my soma and I fix I'm Chloe
I'm starting the day at Selfridges I'm
going to the body studio because they
kindly invited me in to pick peace
swimwear I'm going to Lisbon next week
so I can do is like a flattering bikini
or swimming costume because I don't
guys look how amazing this VIP changing
room is I'm in here it's huge
stuff and have a look and I have a huge
bag here to go through they've got some
washi tape and some badges and a really
cute planner and this is like a weekly
planner
I like the palm print drives like how
fun this is a whole box of Real
Techniques sponges I mean I thought
these sliders from Topshop because I was
on a shoot last week and the stylist was
wearing them they're only 20 pounds and
I just feel really cool and they're
really comfortable so I've been wearing
those all day okay what's in here the
I found the really nice stuff there's
one on Oxford Street actually it was
really good for onch
to white dresses I'm going to list for
next week
so I thought it'd be nice to have some
summery dresses this is just number one
strappy like thin straps that have to
wear strapless bra with it and then
buttons all the way down it kind of
cinches in at the way so it's got these
big pockets and it's kind of MIDI
lengths so that was really nice like a
nice cotton white dress this one's a
little bit see-through but I sort of so
cute it's kind of more like a beachy
dress it's off the shoulder kind of a
white cotton linen II style with a blue
stripe buttons all the way down and it
kind of phrase out at the bottom I'm
terrible at describing clothes it also
has a wrap and I just thought that was
nice and summery I also picked these up
from at the gleam office they are
Libya's kitchen Bicky bombs and I really
like them I thought which would like
them too although I can feel that they
this is a swimming question I got from
Selfridges I'm so in love with it from a
brand called Melissa oughta bash in that
please say it with a pound you like the
Rolls Royce of swimming costume this is
what it looks like it's strapless but I
just realize it does come with a strap
which is great I didn't realize that
it's so soft guys I can't even explain
to you I was in earlier I never normally
go for strapless but I want to have
something a bit different and I thought
it was really frustrating actually stays
up like perfectly
maybe not if I'm like running down the
beach but I won't be running down the
beach I thought it was really special
and as it was a gift I thought why not
go to something really nice this is like
way more than I would normally spend on
a swimming costume so I'm really happy
with that that's about it I got said a
it's the Hydra mousse that is a fake tan
I don't understand how that's a fake tan
mousse I'm so intrigued by this
so I definitely want to try that out and
that's everything I think I'm going to
you so don't don't watch this bit I get
asked this quite a lot Joe what do you
smell like that's on very weird people
that neatly sometimes say that I smell
really nice like meet and greets and
stuff and this is what I wear it's
Victor Rolf and I think I mentioned in a
Q&A one source I mentioned on Twitter
actually adds and someone asked me what
what spray I use I use Viktor and Rolf
spice-bomb since then they saw it and
now they've already sent me another one
of these fragrances but they've also
sent me this a Victor AMA spiced born
barber shop
bought for Hannah and it's all from
Tesco or Asda Cheska so this pack of
t-shirts but she's already got by the
way but he picked it up anyway because
he forgot love me and then a Mickey
Mouse dress but girl oh sorry Minnie
Mouse the girl doesn't even know who
that is but it's okay and then this
which is cute actually
handy for summer this is also cute
little pineapple playsuit thing pair of
stretchy jackin and a packet of key
phoned up and booked myself in for a
hair appointment at color nation London
which is a hairdressers just off Oxford
Street and basically they've got a
women's only room at the back where they
do like you know hey jebby here or just
any woman who wants a bit more privacy
like that it's called on Boheme oh look
literally a rucksack so they're just two
straps the baby goes in the sling on the
back so it goes into like a seat babies
in it on the back two straps on the news
have a chest strap just like you would
do the rock side I tried Halloween about
three or four times the first two times
she was like get me out of here and the
third or fourth time we're just
strolling around the garden and she was
she was okay from a brand called skull
it's an Indian brand India's biggest
baby wearing brand so this is what it
looks like they go
and I give this a go Nishi mineral boost
for Simon something daily booster this
is about notices like a clear button
super serum that's really hydrating gel
lunch with one of my good friends from
uni Rachel in pharmacy my absolute
favorite and Lafon grow and love it here
amazing bugle food
those two dresses by the way okay so
very similar
put a little exam below or you can get
them the super cute this one it's like a
Bardot with cool sleeves on it and this
one it would be flat lacy dress I love
the one I'm wearing on Friday for an
family and so I've started just buying
little stocking stuffers and some of
them are so freaking at gorgeous so the
first one I'm really really excited
her and they are mermaid makeup brushes
I don't think these are like the best
quality brushes you'll ever get in your
life I absolutely love Real Techniques
they're the ones I use all the time but
if you're like the preteen or a teenager
or are you just really freaking like
mermaids at my friends Kayle Kayle if
this myself and for her I also picked
her up some chunky unicorn at glitter
there we go and I really like it because
it's got like the actual big chunks I've
four-year-old cousin I bought galaxy
slime because as we discovered last week
kids love slime look at that I won't
take outs it's for them but galaxy slime
galaxy slime
it is so slimy and galaxy and so I just
so we've come to Everly in West
Hollywood for dinner we have some
delicious mussels so it's really cute in
here they have the best view you guys
currently see from here but so pretty
yeah we got some crab and some steak
sure sorry delicious when you finish at
ice cream on top and it's so good and I
was like a massive line we drove up
we're like this place must be good
there's a huge huge queue knows good
ones we queue very excited about this
night bright lights at Thorpe Park where
they open up the park and there's loads
of actors like running around and all
these mazes for people jump out you mine
it was so fun it was awesome and
genuinely really scary this video is a
I've got unlike this old jumper Anna top
and then the fabulous leg in I'm also
show you it just like a floaty
off-the-shoulder maxi dress I'll leave a
little link in the description box is
from ASOS but I think it's a brand
of the pink stuff on thug life which I'm
so excited about I think the pink hoodie
is probably I mean I'm going to say it's
quite a favor but I feel like it's
probably my favorite thing we've ever
released just because I slip in love
pink they're so soft and so comfortable
and I've been wearing mine like pretty
much ever since we had a sample of ones
we got this one yesterday look at it I
love it and I put it in this planter
which I think I got from Scandinavian
design center or cb2 and I've popped
this plant in I really love these leaves
plant which i think is so cool
look at these leaves they're so cool and
these these are coasters I got these on
not on the high street they're so cool
you how good does nice and then these
coffees which from TK Maxx or home
scents and they always have the best
flavors so it's the Grand Cafe
collection world of flavours we've got
cinnamon hazelnut and gooey caramel
fudge brownie
savory snack so we've got goldfish
Marmite biscuits which can I just say
are delicious some more kind of healthy
lounge we're standing the Presidential
Suite so it's very beautiful lovely
I'm going to film that is reaction oh my
god it is so much cooler than on the
paper it looks so amazing surface and
looks like so good to you it looks like
Wow those details look unreal I love
like lime I think my favorite part is
this upper part is just so amazing so
amazing little this author out the
see undressing stuff so I got this from
Wolf Pack supply I believe they've
changed their name now I'm just really
cool colored like a Rasta leash and it's
got like a nice clip on it so I think
I'll be better for the harness than the
one we had before I'm super excited
so thanks well my pencils of war packs I
actually bought these but I'll leave a
link down below because it interested so
nice I really like this leash it's cute
it's very short though and I thought
it'd be thicker but I kind of love it
then these are like a mini foaming
lavender bath I love the lavender bath
it's like I think that's just like the
perfume sachet of lavender
yo Matt Lohr hand cream and the pillow
mist which is like one my favorite looks
tan products and this is like a body
multi thing these both as a shower gel
and a body milk love the little travel
sizes so I'll be able to fit them in my
it's very cute but we're looking at this
amazing view which I'm going to show you
look how incredible this is I've never
had a view that's good and we want
something amazing I forgot to show you
flight like 1:30 it's been such a nice
trip which has been so nice to learn
more about the brand get to know the
here is one of the new collection
lipsticks actually really loves comments
like a really nice mulberry color
it's one of their SPF 15 lipsticks I
think these are coming out in a couple
of months versus been a sneak peek but
so moisturizing they're basically like a
barn but I have
imitation of a lipstick amazing I think
off with the Christian Dior Lily water
and this is so lovely I got into my
saddle water recently but this one is
just beautiful like it really does melt
off your eye makeup and I always have
residue in the morning so it's really
nice to get any last bits off then I'm
going to go in with the skin C to course
blemish and age and this always gives my
skin a great kickstart and makes it feel
really fresh and like the pores have
been almost like sucked clean it's
really weird it's a lovely sensation and
then I close my pores with their
solution then I'm going to do a very
gentle exfoliate with the Shantou chi
bamboo and hibiscus exfoliating cream
this is a really nice gentle moisturiser
gentle moisturizer this is a really nice
gentle exfoliator that you can use quite
regularly as well it won't be too
abrasive and then I use the Sunday Riley
good genes treatment I love this
it's a wonder for skin and I use it
about two or three times a week so
most expensive moisturizer in the world
it's the creme de la Mer moisturizing
cream this goes on to my skin so
beautifully and leaves it like satin
silky smooth I can't I say to myself
don't use everyday Lydia because it's
expensive and I always have to because I
missed that feeling on my skin so I'm
definitely using that as my base for
makeup today and then my eye cream from
this one anyway because it's just
beautiful and I trust it and yeah it's a
really nice product so that's going to
be going on my eyes before I do my
makeup this is my face before we get
having his makeup done but I am so happy
Anna has done an amazing that like
better than I even knew possible so I'm
so excited to go now I hope taxi driver
makeup has held quite nicely and we had
such a good night it's always nice to
meet so many people that likely follow
and people that we enjoy watching so
yeah we have such a great time and we
got like so much love for our costumes
didn't we
can see myself but yet we had a lovely
time so thank you very much to glean for
having us and thank you so much to Ana
for providing us with these amazing
costumes because we've had such an
have been without these quantities at
home and now it's time to wash off this
gorgeous makeup is data so well oh my
for one of my best friend's birthday
Hannah so we went to Manchester it was
last weekend no the weekend before
weekend before and now we're just gonna
on so I'm wearing here a scarf I'll
start off with that this is a nice
little eternity scarf that I have
and it's just really comfortable really
underneath my scarf I have on this just
simple cotton shirt from H&M and it has
a pocket right here it's in color
mustard yellow it kind of makes a kind
of blends in like it kind of washes me
it's not a big deal and then I have also
a cardigan and it's a polka-dotted
cardigan as you guys can see right there
I'm kind of trying to show you the the
pattern I'm sure you guys have seen this
in my previous videos because this is
one of my favorite cardigans and I got
this from urban outfitters in case
my jacket that is has a faux fur right
here and it's just super comfortable and
keeps me warm and yeah that's that and
and then for my jeans right here i'm not
sure if you guys can see but i got these
from lucky brand they are called the
Dean jeans and I have on my shoes
that place had gluten-free pancakes with
Nutella and they were so good we're just
head home and make lunch we've come to
Allah to you to have a little drink and
this is a really nice free beach a lot
of beaches on here are private this is a
really nice free Beach
I bought this from makeup forever the
hydrating primer quite a sight even
done I just wanted to show you guys this
and become a little bit in love with
this it's new from YSL don't think about
yet it's called the sunkissed blur
Perfector it's basically a cream bronzer
and I have the shade Sahara in I think
maybe they'll called that I'm not sure
which so it's kind of like a ready brown
um which is a good because it's kind of
my natural tan color I love this so much
how I like to apply it I think it's
really nice to give like a natural
sunkissed look so what I do is I use the
put it up towards my hairline it's so so
nice when this comes out not sure when
I'll find out um I really really
recommend it it's great
Edinburgh but I've been here once before
and it was there's one of the most
beautiful cities in the world I've
always said it's like the top 3 city for
me because architecture is delightful
and everything about is very nice we've
like my best thing was like this it was
really really cool hanging out was Owen
Alfie tonight
really really cool it was really nice to
see them and in Edinburgh level place
you know I'm putting on a bit of the
bareMinerals bear pro and 0-9 and mixing
it with some CC cream from it cosmetics
thank you I'm so so pleased he liked it
pictures just came out so well I like to
edit on the pictures what's so really
cool I mean answer to get a good picture
you could have been a good location and
have everything outstretched as well but
the editing was absolutely beautiful on
Alex's behalf so he did such a great job
support as always I'm just using my the
Borean copper blow on my islands because
I just love that shade okay I go it's so
nice to have a full face of makeup on
for once and absolutely in love I
bigger it's about wearing today it's
very chilled white shirt over cute
little beige skirt wears a lot and some
I thought you two things are super
exciting so this is the new hourglass
collection of lipsticks these look
absolutely insane I love this really
cool today I like put them in here so
you've got like a long lipstick very
cool quite innovative I don't know how
much you use it though I just kind of
wanted a slight put on my lipstick and
go but some very cool colors in here so
this one is the first time I like that
Coralie nudie that's cute this one is
called I wish which is like really nude
so that's very neat and the next pass on
which is pretty exciting from Marc
Jacobs iconic multi finish ipart's okay
new eye palettes which I'm really really
lovely favorite this one
sisqó scandalous check out those shades
that copper how nice is that shade so
love that and that cranberries so nice
for Christmas really Christmassy palette
and I also like this one provoke sure is
very like Lila key moves this one it's
called go ambition that is so nice look
gold the very like creamy and this one
is River looks and that shade is
stunning and then equal this one smart
Oriole has a beautiful blue in it so
that is also very very cool anywhere I'm
not showing you might as well this is
editorial that means so much
this gold wow so nice but oh it's
fabulous
I report the Loreal lalak lipsticks
instead a little about ones but this one
which is shade 209 took a really nice
nude you can still on my lips yeah I
really like this I don't think i will
like red rock my haven't tried it yet so
and Mark are in The Breakfast Club which
is a delicious kind of it is a
restaurant a cafe I guess it's a
restaurant it's open from 8 a.m. to 11
p.m. so kind of counts as a restaurant
good processing we can go thank you so
much Apple they're being lovely as
always
the negara both SPF 50 and they're
really really fine mist now I have to
say I don't it mistakes on my face what
I think about these me because they're
brilliant idea and people have always
asked me what do you do if you've got
your makeup on and you just want to top
up your sun protection to sort of
incidental exposure or you know if
you're out in the Sun and you feel like
you don't have enough protection on you
don't want to take all your makeup off
and put your SPF one and then put it all
on again so these are brilliant for that
however what I would say is I don't
think that they provide the same
protection they do say SPF 50 however
for the way that you would apply them
which is just a quick sort of spritz or
mist is how I would have thought you
would do it I don't think that you would
get the protection that you would get
from applying a layer of cream you know
like properly so yeah a really good idea
for people that want to top-up during
the day I think they're great but use a
proper SPF that's not processed yet but
you know a traditional sort of cream or
fluid or something like that I did a bit
of a more scientific test this isn't
just my opinion I have actually been
testing these out and I did a proper
sort of kids 56 one on my shoulders
which haven't burned at all and I just
use mist on my chest area with no such a
base layer of SPF and I did catch some
quite badly on here and in the same
amount of time that I didn't
things happens on my shoulder pool so I
think that reaffirms my point and I
think they're a brilliant brilliant
product and I will do a review on them
and they sit beautifully on this skin
there's no white nurses nose which is
greasing us or anything like that
oh but yeah I just be careful because I
think to get your full whack out of them
you'd have to be there go Shh age of
anyone that asked me Joe what is it that
you put your hair to make it away is one
of the main ingredients to having a good
head of hair is this label MC sort spray
I think I've already showed you this in
a vlog I can't remember but either way
I'm showing you again this stuff is
still my favourite thing to put in my
hair after a shower and your blow-dryer
and then it just makes 6 I have quite
like I have a lot of hair this is quite
thin I do definitely not have thick hair
and this makes it just feel a bit more
thicker oh there's so much like thing is
first things first whenever I come to
Berlin to see my sister I always go to
the pasty shop or Cornwall to get a
pasty a bloody little pasties this is a
multi-purpose capacity of his one it's
gonna fill me up and to leave my hand
warm it was quite cold and Brian taxis
- goo zillion air cheesecakes which I
like my favorite thing in the world goo
if you're watching this I love you and
that's let's do some sort of prank
together I feel feel my own room
we have loads of these Koopalings and
then I just eat my way out of it that's
what I want to do right right Josh so
I like this shirt when I hand off to a
restaurant called on we did go to ours
the restaurant it was lovely 5 out of 5
I've been recently using this keels eye
cream and you put it on in the morning
at night and I just feel really like
good after I put it on oh I'm going to
I'm just having this frickin amazing
granola if you love shop right or go to
shop right um get this granola cause
it's literally so good and so simple
um but yeah so I'm just gonna have some
okay so I'm wearing a really cute Zara
um overall dress maybe um it's really
cute it just has buttons down the front
as you can see and then this t-shirt is
also from Zara
I really got for $15 and I cannot stop
wearing it and then I'm sure you guys
from Anthropologie also it's just so
cute I love like the little style of it
oh my gosh okay hi guys so I'm back and
I got freaking three boxes of Angus mac
and cheese because I'm not even kidding
when I say that's all light
this mac and cheese so and Annie's is my
favorite so got that and then um Clif
bars were on sale so I've literally got
five four five Clif bars
I got blueberry crisp white chocolate
macadamia nut peanut toffee buzz which
I'm so excited about um chocolate
brownie and chocolate almond fudge so
basically the most dessert flavors you
could get I got marinara sauce because I
and now from urban I got my friend a
little note book because it's her
birthday this week look at how cute it
is
jersey with Kathleen de Lisa she has her
own store now which is so freakin cute
and it's called um ludo bitch Vica I'm
so sorry if I'm pronouncing it wrong but
um super super cute stuff I'll link it
below so I got this amazing
bodysuit and it's off the shoulder which
is so cute
look at how cute this is and it just
buttons all the way down it's so perfect
you quickly what I'm wearing so we'll
start from the top my bandanna is from
Topshop my top is hmmm my jeans are
Paige my shoes are Chanel and so is my
bag I'm actually going to try and
victorious win but yeah it was a really
fun day it was really cool as I interact
got and then get filming outfit today is
this kind of distressed like jumper from
new look I wear this all the time I love
it just a great t-shirt and my new kind
of shiny leggings from a source really
comfortable old Primark studded shoes
and Mike Atkinson shopping bag and my
miss oh my necklace as well which a lot
quickly show you what I'm wearing I'm
wearing my new Topshop jeans I think the
journey jeans with rips my new look
train is so I'm wearing this top which
is really pretty it's got like floaty
sleeve and a sports bra my misery
necklace here and then I've got this
cardi from ASOS and this bag from boohoo
which it fits like everything in for the
day and I've got like two portable
I know them let's see so these
the bits I picked up they're all
Christmas and Halloween limited edition
ones I'm pretty sure and I was so
excited to get some of these earlier
than they're released picked up one of
my in fact this might be my all-time
favorite luxury lush hood because it
looks insane in the bath I've done a
demo of this one this one and also this
one so I'll leave a link to those lush
demo videos below so you can see what
they look like in the bath using an
underwater camera
this is monsters ball again one of my
favorites shoot for the stars this is my
favorite smell of all time it's the lush
honey I washed the kids I love that so
much then I think this one is
thunderstorm I think I'm not sure but it
smells quite minty but like sweet mint
oh this is a Snow Fairy one it smells
exactly like Snow Fairy this was the one
I picked up at the till and I was like I
cannot not have that because I've never
used it before and then I also had a
they're mainly life so bit I got this
little mug which I love I would have
bought this anyway so I'm really happy
about it it's a cozy vibes mug like
emerald green inside with like gold
polka dot detailing all available from
boots as well at the moment her
cute bento station kind of stationary
set I love the idea of a bento box so
this has like a notepad washi tape but
some really cute and paper clips pencils
Ella body mist and it smells really
great it's not your typical like winter
festive fragrance it's a really kind of
fresh version but I really like it I'd
urge you to go and sniff this in
superdrug if you can and then I was also
lucky enough to get some bits from my
facial sea fusion cleanser which they
used on me
for my facial and it smells amazing
going for food we went to Andina in
Shoreditch and we just ordered like
loads of dishes and shared them oh that
I need to go to that restaurant again
the food is delicious it's a really nice
so they've upgraded me to a superior
suite and I need to show you it it's
incredible so this hotel I'll leave a
little like private balcony absolutely
amazing and then we've got a nice view
of the pool as well and then this is my
room
it's absolutely Hugh mungus this room is
like bigger than my entire house look
how big is still got my wardrobe I've
got a nice little window to the outside
area and this bed which i think is like
a double king or something like that
will say look at the ceiling how amazing
is that it's incredible
my books good all good we've come to a
cafe and these are juice days it's very
pretty in here hello it's beautiful like
we're in a rainforest
in I'm wearing this play suit from in
the style I think I've got my
accessorize bag and new look sandals
first time wearing them out and they're
look fine I love it here so much
so you're beautiful I'm gonna start
I got some nice jackets and a nice shirt
I really really like and it up spending
about 400 pounds on a few things from
put my comfy clothes on whacked a face
mask on which I use it's this is what I
use I use two of like two different
products there's a white one and then
there's also this one by glam glow so
you just put it on with a brush and then
you peel it off after and it's really
really good this is a great great brand
face mask so um yeah if you like face
masks like me and definitely check them
out but yeah I just wanted to run
I only managed to get into top man but I
did still manage to buy quite a lot
while I was in there so I got this
jacket first of all which is from lost
youth which is a brand that sold like
inside of top man it's like a jacket and
it's got some really cool patterns on it
and it's like a suede as well so yeah it
was really really nice and this is 140
pounds for that man like I've got an
I bought a red one recently from Levi's
but I bought this one today from Topman
which is grey
his Lexington on it and you've got like
the cream arms as well so yeah I'm in
love with this this was fifty quid to
stripes so yeah I bought this over shirt
striped shirt I just said shirt again
but then you've got buttons down the
middle oh that's nice that was 35 pounds
then I bought which I really really
liked but they didn't really have my
size so I'm going to try and make this
I am dan green how sweet is this my
brand called my thirsty is made of love
and they have made got to he was
absolutely gorgeous supersoft
dressing-gown which is so sweet because
we're getting so many things for the
baby yeah from my first years we're
getting so anything for the baby that
it's so nice start be perfectly made for
you is super soft dress and youngji to
to New York who months ago so I was very
kindly gifted this really cute outfit
look at the M sleeves on this from next
Maternity I've added the belt myself
because without the belt actually it's
very loose and I think this would be
great when you've got a really big bump
but I've only got like something little
going on so this is perfect I'm going to
wear some sandals with it way up to know
if you guys are looking for a cute like
wicker chair that are really trendy
right now like definitely check that out
just gonna go get a healthy smooth you
know we're gonna go to Joe in the juice
yeah I think gonna help during the juice
was joking about what I said that it was
somewhere special somewhere really
really nice because there's a big deal
and I wanting to go to McDonald's and
just get like a dirty meal that was
gonna just be super quick and fill me up
your one that says hand-painted glasses
personalized glasses for any occasion
Karen Cummings and her you her email is
Karen with the K dot Cummings at sky.com
if you want to get personalized glass
oh okay okay how's it look in oh my gosh
smells delicious hmmm I don't know what
it is
it's called dikmen's and they're like
condoms which is a bit weird because
they're like kid sweets well these look
cool look at that and then a call ya
know is that the softest marshmallow
ever we have got one of the best German
chocolates with strawberries I'm finding
it's half past ten and I'm currently
watching Dragons Den on the sofa this
has always been one of my favorite
programs seeing new businesses
potentially get an investment by
professionals with tons of experience
and I just love seeing all of the
different ideas all of the different
businesses the people have come up with
first authentic Japanese ramen
experience in the bass begins Emily
well you all get your creation ramen was
so so good and I just met another fan
emails and I just put on this a saw
mandarin facial hydrating cream so
pretty good start to the morning
okay real quick fragrance that I'm going
with tonight is jazz club by replica or
um you know Maison Margiela fragrances
it's so good it's like woody oh and um
kind of masculine but I don't know I
just really really like it
view out there nice view over there oh
yeah nicest view in town right there
you have now come to this another hotel
where there's a really nice I think it's
a Thai restaurant we did not support our
yeah gorgeous like I just want to walk
and talk anybody
it looks amazing here so this building
work also I know lots of you guys are
gonna ask me about what brand of like
swimsuits I'm wearing it's from a brand
called a shanty swimwear I think the
lady who does it is a friend of my
cousin and gave it to my cousin and then
my cousin and gave it to me and I was
like these are really good they really
look at this room couple of snacks
gorgeous balcony view stuff it would
just buy the beach here as well which is
really nice looking at the room babe
sure know me tons of us go to this live
horror experience at place called
Tully's bar it's really really scary
like full of life actors and I don't
even know how to describe it like it's
so so good it's gonna be a very very
excited blog first of all with out to
yeah I've just arrived at our hotel room
and it is sick like so it's so cool so I
just want to show you guys where we're
staying because I've never stayed in a
room like this and it's awesome so you
oh no chang-su minimal day we love
shopping at the Palms and had so many
nice shops you had
I'm going to put some on it's good
tastes and smells nice so you guys can
see the exact color I really like that
oh that's really really nice oh yeah
thing L'Oreal is the most underrated
beauty brand ever seriously like I know
there I'm also just going to all the
shades of these in matte lipstick
romário they are just absolutely divine
literally this is a chemical agent not
really a fan of color gold see but it's
cool like I suppose I don't like how I
like to shake the dirt a natural summer
and very cool packaging R&B shades
gorgeous and what is there
okay I like cats kind of cute very like
California with it print I also got this
made to have a beginning delete super
super super cute very very very future
night was so much fun with L'Oreal
professional absolutely love that brand
but Bobby Brown has launched a new range
of makeup for the eyebrows so I'm going
to go and have a chat with him about
that
and then that 15 pounds is a deal rule
against products so it's basically free
products and it's not just a case of
coming in trying to products they really
teach you how to do it so I'm so excited
to try this no concealer on me it's got
perfect shape so there's me saying I've
today so first thing I'm going to use is
this face scrub and it's a brand called
voya
which I hadn't actually heard of before
but but this one has got seaweed as the
main ingredient which is really good for
skin cells replenishing and it is a
facial scrub so that should be really
good at getting rid of all Gorrell that
is in my skin from a day in the polluted
city in the same meeting I got a little
I ordered a Canon 6d and these Sigma
35mm lens so I'm just so excited to
start playing around with this the
they've got quite nice small beads in it
which is nice because it feels like
doing a real good scrub but it's not too
harsh on the skin and now I'm just gonna
face masks on and this is one of those
amazing ones you can actually feel it
working so my face is tingling a little
really like revile in bikinis it's not
too wide on the bum so you still get a
bit of a tan and the top is just a kind
of white lacy detail then I grabbed a
shorts or something but I really really
like this it's gonna be so nice for on
the beach and just exploring new
that I'm trying is this coat and
immediately I have fallen in love with
this it's so me absolutely love the
shape of it the color it's got quite
high slits as well so it's nice and airy
around that but absolutely love that
value I also picked up a load of new
rings you guys know I wear Monaco
vanator rings every single day I've been
wearing these too for like over a year
highlights of the bits that I was sent
today first of all the new Bobby Brown
brow collection you guys saw earlier in
this vlog I got my brows done there so
they've sent me the products that they
used on me so I can recreate it at home
as well as their new eyeshadow palettes
which are absolutely stunning then we
lovely ripped jeans I absolutely love
American Eagle jeans so that's amazing
also really cutely put in like a perfume
bottle with some lily of the valley in
it which is really beautiful and lily of
the valley is the main ingredient but
also a symbol of luck and happiness I
think that's a really nice little stand
went to London grace which is my fav
nail salon here in Clapham and we both
got manis so very very happy with my new
nails I went for the shade called Coco
which is like a brownie pink
I felt be really nice for autumn their
manicures just last me so long the last
one I had on for like 4 weeks and I only
had to get her a face because of
regrowth so highly recommend that so
one which is called bear this is the new
crushed lip color which apparently is
very hydrating it's got vitamins and
beeswax in there so really good for this
time of year I feel like quite a lot of
this is their blank or Blanc white short
set and I'm just such a huge fan of silk
pajamas I feel like you feel so amazing
when you go to sleep in such beautiful
material and then it's got a navy
stitching or navy hem around the collar
a little bit of detail on the chest here
I think that's retails for under 50
pounds of sets I believe I will leave a
link down below so you can have a look
for yourself but very affordable for how
high-quality it feels and then it's
little pair of shorts as well so thank
you very much
diary oh my god it's getting to that
time of year I'm so excited to see this
oh that is so cute oh my gosh so this is
a 2018 diary and they have put my
initials jf down in the bottom there I
so gorgeous very sleek as well in the
gray I would normally again go for pink
but because I wear so much pink maybe
it's a little bit more chic that I gave
something a bit more neutral just as
yours expect lots and lots of space for
your appointments I've actually had kqk
Diaries in the past and loved them so
thank you very much for sending that
that will be very very well used in the
next year and months what is in here
adorn gift enjoy wearing boo so a door
is a brand that is like a sister brand
to Swarovski I worked with them a little
bit last Christmas and I love their
designs and I was very excited to see an
email from them asking me to pick a
favorite piece and I chose oh my gosh
it's even more beautiful in real life
this beautiful bangle it's um not sure
off my camera will focus on it but there
we go so it's like a layer of clear
Swarovski crystals and then a layer of
pinky ones in this rose gold band it
looks so beautiful I look like an
what is this Clinique post summer
Thursday skin and discover 24/7
hydration with Moisture Surge I'm such a
huge fan of such a huge fan of Moisture
Surge something else that is
this month's Birchbox which is in
collaboration with oliver Bono's really
beautiful little box let's have a look
on what is in side so we have got a
little mini Clinique you take the day
off cleansing balm that it's gonna be
very very handy for upcoming holidays I
always find these boxes so good for
trouble minis and that is just an
amazing one manuka dog beauty fantasy
blush that's a really beautiful shade
and then we've got icy magic instant eye
contour energizer from polar dr. pawpaw
original multi-purpose balm and this one
is an aero boost I think this is one of
that yea color enhancing lip balms so
this changes color depending on the
color of your lips to find the most
flattering shade got some little oliver
bonus stickers and some ooh and 15% off
your next order to oliver bonus a nice
little voucher in there as well love it
when two of my favorite brands get
together that's a really nice
collaboration and such a cute little box
amount from Viktor and Rolf which
probably my favorite fragrance of all
time is flower bottom they have so
kindly sent the perfumed body lotion and
for me applying a body lotion with the
fragrance is such a nice way of making
it last a lot longer and stronger this
is the shower gel and then also these
two little boxes with their travel mini
so that's going to be very handy for my
Hamburg might pop that in my fashion we
come back for tomorrow so thank you very
much to Victor and roll and then
Catherine Daniels and this was probably
one of the first brands I tried when I
started testing out skincare on my blog
and I loved their products this is their
new instant effect I mask which promises
a 70% reduction in wrinkles 80%
revitalize skin and 80% plumped up skin
so that sounds amazing
oh my goodness looks like something out
of Moulin Rouge so he's got this leg
design coming out the lid beautiful pink
coloured fragrance that's how chef it's
kind of like a sweet floral fragrance I
would say but then as you wear a little
bit longer it gets a little bit more
musky very very nice I think that's
definitely gonna be a nice one of for
autumn and this packaging really really
cool big fan of that and then the last
also that scandal now that it's sunken
is so lovely I feel like is a little bit
sweet to start with but now I've been
wearing it for a few minutes it just
smells absolutely gorgeous and typically
got my beloved earrings and again a lot
of people's been asking about these and
they are from yourself but they sold out
with your questions because no very very
statements indeed but I love them I also
bit this is what I'm wearing today I've
got this little cute micced really fine
knit each stripe jump with these amazing
report sleeves I think it is so cute
from H&M as I said and then I've got my
Swedish House being flyable and I think
these are so flattering they really
elongate the leg especially with a good
preppy but I have this free people top
and then these bright orange trousers
from American Apparel they're really
cute and then I got Zara flats and then
just this like forever 21 bag that I got
kind of a long time ago but I still I'm
just in love with it and it's just a
brown leather and that's it no
nights here and you guys honestly I'm
just totally loved I'm totally at peace
totally in love totally happy with the
whole thing like I just couldn't be
happier honestly so there wasn't really
arriving next week I literally got this
table this table is so amazing on
actually novel it was like 80 pounds
from eBay my gorgeous fake flowers and
my amazing sofa I've already had so many
questions about this sofa and from my
Instagram story yesterday this sofa is
actually from gum tree I'll leave the
link in the description box below but it
was 330 pounds guys 330 pounds including
delivery all the way from London I'll
take this throw off just so you guys can
see what it looks like how amazing is
that you know I mean think they're foam
cushions so they last longer it's just
so amazing it's like a crushed velvet
beautiful beautiful so far I love it so
much brand-new amazing coffee table from
bnm it actually has an LED light on it
like that which I just turned on yeah I
got this beautiful rug which is from
HomeSense it was so cheap it was like 50
pounds I want to say we've got the whole
there this is my gorgeous amazing mirror
which I'm just totally a hundred million
percent of cest boo I cannot get enough
of this mirror I'm telling you right now
this mirror is from Hollywood mirrors it
is just incredible it makes the room put
this beautiful chair from home sense I
think I was about sixty pounds my
gorgeous velvet trunk which is from the
top drawer my ring light then this other
beautiful mirror which is obviously
and they have got some amazing food
including Starbucks yes yes so much my
studio so excited to eat this this is
looking so nice you happy with that
were so nice and we use the company
called smooth movers and they are like
the nicest team just if anyone embrace
you never needs a moving company they
packed for us as well and I just I have
so much love for them the guides are so
nice like they brought us chairs to sit
on they brought our dining chairs out
because I was sitting in the street on
the curb eating a panini because they
had nowhere to sit and then yeah we
didn't even need to like supervise
iminium we were there because we're
control freaks that we didn't even need
to be that they were really nice and
they bought us chests so on and they
just let the nicest guys so sweet yeah
big thank you to them because they made
my day so much easier and a big thank
it's a shop called unlimited make a
really nice stuff like these like marble
and gold like slab and they're kind of
this chair so this is super cute this is
from a furniture place in Rushton I will
link the place down here they have like
that so I got this I'm gonna love it I
think it's so cute it's like a mustard
color and yeah it just looks really
really cute and then this patch of
London I got this beautiful flooring
it's like grey white kind of color and
then look at this how gorgeous is that
to me yeah the books bloody brilliant I
have to say I'm so happy with it and I
can't wait for you to kind of get you
out your eyes on it or your ears on it
starving I just got some really nice
sunglasses going to see her excited we
show them got two pairs of Dior and a
pair of Fendi as well so excited for
summer now so for the moment I have
we've got this beautiful little dress on
it kind of like a neon orange dress and
like a net in with huge head sleeves a
tiered skirt a little bit like under
skirts and Technion Mother's Day
and little bit lace up detail in here
and a bit of roughage on the waist I
think it's really cute it's just from
boohoo so it was like about so equus so
not bad at all and then earring wise
it is Stella McCartney bag with
beautiful stars on it how insane is that
I've been absolute loyalty is he's a
bloody good egg that's for sure I'm so
into it and it looks so cute with this
outfit Alec my train we were obviously
favorite trousers either by Mason Scotch
no scotch and soda
the Pfister brand so yes and they're
just like a really lovely canvas
material so they're SuperDuper
comfortable currently in best public
these are my favorite jeans in a long
time this one hmm
and they're just so flattering I feel
like they make my legs look a lot
slimmer and they make my booty look
pretty decent too which is quite nice
and then on my feet I've got my brand
new Gucci boots these were kindly sent
to me by netball day and I'm totally in
love they're like floral that fringing
trying out these a Charlotte Tilbury
instant looking at palette and I really
like it like contour here and then
highlight in the but I don't really love
these new jeans these are from Topshop
there's a girl without inciting traffic
time they're like em a kick Flair but
they don't look too sled like a straight
ankle gray the kind of thing really into
them they're super high waisted and
they're just very very flattering indeed
and this color wash is like right up my
street looks good on the old boot a and
then these boots these are also new from
Topshop and they're just like a sock I
feel that everyone and their moms have
these boots I've been hunting high and
low for the perfect like day-to-night
view and I think these the one they're
just so gorgeous they look very very
sexy on the old foot see how that's my
to say about number one is the podcast
lower your expectations if you haven't
go download it lower your expectations
you can either search our search my name
on iTunes or something is free subscribe
download it listen to it new episode
came out on Monday it's really funny so
please go do that and but more on more
look book on this so i have on this hat
my ray-ban sunglasses my Wayfarers these
are like my go-to favorite sunglasses i
have on my j.crew bag right there i have
on my patron shirt I think you guys have
seen this in a previous video before um
but it's like one of my favorite shirts
from urban because it's so comfortable
it's so lightweight and yeah it's just
perfect and then I have on my shorts the
on my ray-bans my wave fares like I
mentioned last time I go to favorite
wearing this jacket which I love I
bought it from misguided it's all fleecy
and it's pretty cozy it's the perfect
thing to wear and also its customers
Oh would be perfect I mean those
eyeshadows are incredible so I'm really
excited to try these thank you so much
drug firm and I love these lipsticks so
good color sensational oh my gosh look
this is the Sun shimmer self tan lotion
so it got some fake tan if you want to
see any tutorials like drugstore
drugstore products now and then we've
got some face product what's this sculpt
bronze that's really some kiss
highlighter I'm not forgetting our
favorite waiting up concealer so loads
of the new Rimmel stay matte liquid lip
have kindly pins then some of the new
nina ricci fragrances as you guys know
we love these fragrances and I'm gonna
smell these thank you for a wonderful
limited edition I for the biggest bite
from beauty pie and a lovely supply
products they do like amazing
highlighters and buy shadow models so I
love those oh my gosh I'm actually
losing my voice it's a little coverage
formula or new concealers lovely given
also comes with an eye mask
exclusive to John Lewis I think it
called the back to cool palette
eyeshadow palette scar I which is the
smokey mascara and then you get the
bronzing jus oh oh my gosh I have an T
we also got some products from Stila and
I love see the products easier and I
have got one of the it's one I'm
thinking about one of these the glitter
eyeshadow cream eyeshadows and we have
it in like the rose gold change it's
amazing I think it might have some more
me Lydia love a glittery eyeshadow so
these over the topic that I shall it
looks so good I can't wait to drive
these and then we also got sent loads
and loads of final lashes and also these
ones these are the texture one one seven
lashes and they also come with a corner
ones and you can actually use these
lashes more than once because they are
such good quality so
definitely smashes and they are also in
the drugstore so good you guys who do
I can't wait comedy Harley best hot
chocolates in the whole world
products from Rimmel down here so this
is their new eyeshadows and then the
mascara the wonderfully real and then I
don't know whether you guys saw but
Lydia on her Instagram we did some work
with remor where we did a video for
their stay matte lipsticks and we love
doing that video it's a really fun this
I'm wearing tonight I'm wearing this
little coordinate piece from River
Island which I have instagrams or leave
it down below if I can I think it's
guys like my makeup I have all my lips I
have Mac lip liner in strip down which
is like my favorite and then I have on
top a Inglot pink lipstick and then
naturally transformed by Mac which is a
new nude lipstick and that's it
you
it's so stunning speed oh my god
like it's so huge it's so beautiful oh
my god
it's time to get a oaxaca this is my
favorite food as you see behind me the
deep sleep a heavenly candle here we
have deep sleep bath oil spray on body
treatment to relax and hydrate nice and
a moisturizer like time open eyes deep
sleep breathing relaxing climate sensors
for a better night's sleep
you basically wipe it over stuff two
shower gels we've got the energy bank
shower gel so this is the starting a day
to get you in the mood you know waking
you up and this is one to get you sleepy
at night oh my word the sleep plus plus
pillow spray i think i'm up using that
boy tonight obviously i'm a boy so i
don't really expect to be given these
hair products as well you don't expect
boys to have this kind of stuff but you
know we do it helps trust me there's no
shame in investing in you know like bath
bath oils and that kind of stuff i think
it's important i think it's good it hope
if it helps you relax you know i think
it i think it's good all but before i go
I've got cuz I literally love this
foundation oh man I've been wearing
almost every day so that's why I had a
and but I am going to show you really
quickly what I've used because Jo Malone
has brought out this new shower gel and
it amazing I got the shower this morning
it's lime basil and Mandarin and it's an
exfoliating shower gel has realized that
I needed it this morning and if you guys
love the lime basil mandarins now
literally I used on my hair GNC which
looking greasy and these Bramley shampoo
and conditioners and when they come into
focus they are amazing I look to them at
first I actually got send these and I
was like not sure open the bottle
Oh My lordy Lord it's literally amazing
and they are made like with British
countryside and ingredients and their
lemon Mandarin and rosemary oh my gosh
my hair
smells ridiculous it is amazing
sunny and I went a little bit of a glow
and I've used the drops of glow
illuminator by the body shop I love body
shop makeup I love all their
illuminators and highlighters and
they're really pretty so I just put a
couple of drops on which is actually
really really nice so that's my makeup
and I've got my June wedges on which I
have worn almost every single event and
then I've got the Juicy Couture bracelet
and my Daniel Wellington watch which I
have been also wearing all the time with
a love it and invisible just my hair
because if it gets too hot when bored
and ready
we're in Costco and go around email
is Royal Doulton it comes with mugs
small balls small plates and large place
it was really cheap 16 piece probably
could've done with more than you like
four of each they're ready nice look
plates very simple they actually also
came in a nice light powdery blue so I
might get that as well so that we can
have eight like four of the white four
of the blue it's about half seven and I
the next week or so look how cool this
jo Malone perfume is we'd like the paint
spilling down the sides I love that okay
these frescas also shout out to Red Bull
they dropped me off like 200 cans
um I've got a Red Bull addiction choko
Lauder Double Wear nude foundations in
the wrong shade and they said I can go
into the store Carnaby Street and much
to the right shade and take one there
he's like a really nice like lightweight
foundation so I definitely want to find
my correct shade you've always only like
Spanish that Farsi warm so he may think
I'm really dark
I'm so excited I just got back from
school put PJs on a K and oversized mine
t-shirt I'll link down below it's
forever 21 I just ordered a bunch of
oversized men's t-shirts from 421 and
I've just been living in them so I will
link all them down below because I know
that sometimes you guys just want to
know they're not that expensive so I
packing and all that stuff so I am self
tanned look how cute these flowers are
that Sephora sent me I love them they're
so beautiful and look at the base oh
that's for hitting a million subscribers
so thank you so much Sephora you guys
are so good to me and like I just I love
you okay well I'm gonna go finish
and then the awesome guys from Kiehl's
gave us all an ultra facial cream and
which is a full-size one amazing and a
mini version of my favorite Sun cream
which isn't having to cover up my own
face that will focus which is the SPF 50
and love that stuff and then we got a
I'm also awake excited to show you guys
my outfit of the day because I just got
these jeans and they're so freaking cute
I'm like obsessed with them and they're
from looking Gray's I'm gonna link it
down below but when we get back to the
didn't like it anyways we went to Smith
and we found these I think they're vegan
it says they're dairy-free where does it
say that though I don't know they are a
little ice cream bite so I'm gonna taste
it two thumbs up crunchy version what's
that No okay we're back home so here is
just got these they're from Luca and
gray they're so cute I love how they're
cropped and I'm 5'4 and they're still
crapped on me so if you're even taller
these will like look way cute on you but
I love how they're super distress
they're so freakin cute and like
obsessed with these I love them and then
also have on this cute sweater I love it
it's kind of like Grandma but cute
grandma just with like the floral and
stuff I love it I think it's so cute and
I love the little like
just embroidered it's super comfy
especially now that it's like pretty
cracking so if we're going to head up to
Alex Alex which is incredible like
Emporium full of independent boutiques
and stalls and shops and things like
that that do a lot of fun to dress a lot
of vintage and retro items so we're
going to hit there if we don't have any
so we have this beautiful ruffle check
shirt this is from a soft and I really
love the colors don't think you can I
don't know I'm showing you that
sorry that you really see how love the
new colors are but it's like green and
pink and blue and like a darker pink
throughout its really bit lovely and
and then I've got my Stella McCartney
bag Heather my fellow Bell bag which
I've kind of like full and more and more
in love with again I kind of neglect it
for those like mile away and my Gucci
but this is like the biggest bag in my
collection and it's really really nice
even though ain't that great I have got
this epic earrings and got these from
H&M and last week retro from a mom or
sister and they're so disgusting but so
bloody ultimate look they've got a
little evil eye on them - just beautiful
massive heart with like pink and gold
SuperDuper old just found these jeans in
another package that have an outfit sent
me really really like the feel of how
they come like the ones they come to on
the ankle and these huge rips and a bit
of Tears here very very nice I've been
Mintos straw tastic I bought the from
Amazon not much money that's all and
they're just the best toy ever you love
them don't you yeah and she's making a
house we've got a firm solid structure
to it thank you over the top and make a
little den yeah pretty cool
sprinkle glitter this was from a shop in
Brighton called happy ology and they had
a 50% sale on so it wasn't 19 pounds it
was like nine pound fifty and it's is
really really sweet top with a double
peter pan collar which i think is really
nice and i thought it's been really nice
with skinny jeans it's very very thin
and then the back has this button
detailing and i like the way it finishes
at the bottom there there's it a little
t-shirt from Jules again I think this
was was this one in the sale probably no
this dress absolutely love I think I've
seen quite a bit of a portion for the
doggy Spotty's it has lime detailing
just there before it cracked so that was
nice and then finally this was another
detailing on and Suzi's I bought these
little shoes with my songs think that
absolutely gorgeous super cute and we'll
go with tons of things I also got her a
story about this room anything so this
is our favorite playing center it's
called the hub it's really cool and they
do actually really nice food fun for
jacketed pretty quite this many toppings
but I'm not upset about it okay
and you've got well you got fish fingers
and veggies and beans and chips yummy
well done
look at this amazing meal I've been
big problem today are wearing this
little dress from yours from their like
bumper collection and I really really
really love X it's so stretchy and the
I actually got new bedding and survived
mailing them
oh my god from general like they're they
are such it and they're soft and I'm
sure he saw see me love it sure you'll
Clinique and pixie there's the thought
I'm using at the moment I switch between
them pending on how my skin feels on a
day today I'm using middle tender polish
this is why you know my skin is already
clean I just walk it in
it's a nice like creamy really creamy
hen so I hope the others are bombs or
always see people talk about Anastasia
Beverly Hills so I headed on to cult
beauty.com and brought it for myself I
went for the light and I went for the
cream because suppose that I can rub out
cream a lot easier than I can do
anything out and I've also got myself
phebe ever ever stick climb in bed
Beverly Hills Anastasia eyebrow pen
because i want to have fabulous eyebrows
is going to play this word - yeah this
building is freakin awesome it's really
old it's an old psych ward that's been
renovated into a very fancy okay yeah -
Center uh-huh so we're really excited
there's a ton of people here and that's
so exciting a buffalo
of popped this little outfit here gray
and yellow and white and it's got a
little tiny hippo Nobu and and the
leggings have bows and this is for size
six months just you know like this and
that only cost $9.99 which I thought was
a lovely full outfit that they're all
there so at six months will be in summer
so that would be perfect for her and
you'll see a theme to all of me I
thought this little outfit for $9.99 as
well similar to the other one it's got
the little headband does that have a bow
on it as well I don't get it yet if it
also ordered a couple of bits on not on
the high street like some other dinosaur
themed things so hopefully she'll really
enjoy opening all her very mature
dinosaur things I actually think that
she will like this and they we're out
to do now I've ordered a tricky little
Pete's a little Friday lunchtime pizza I
get the thin base with veggie supreme
with extra olives which sounds like when
you say all that but it's
delicious yes I would love it if you
so we officially checked in showered
changed and I have to show you the view
from our room a Grand Hotel Tremezzo
and there's only sit properly look how
beautiful there's a screen everywhere
and it smells so good I can hit the buzz
going to give you a little mini room
tour this is our ear monitors already
for the department a beautiful the bed
is through here we have the closet full
of clothes and then this is the
beautiful beautiful bathroom and love it
so gorgeous look at that mirror there oh
so pretty
right now I picked up this jacket from
forever 21 it was like 30 bucks and I
think it's going to be rain proof and I
just think it's really cool and
oversized and big pockets and it looks
great I also picked up just this shirt
at H&M fairly basic but I thought it
would look nice in the fall because it's
still light so it's good for a Southern
Californian autumn other than that I
perfect just so so amazing I'm and
obviously such treat staying here at the
Ritz but and yeah I really hope you
we had such a yummy lunch a trade
seriously if you guys ever near likes
pizza fills that sort of area go check
it out
they do the most amazing sourdough
grilled cheese sandwiches I didn't have
one this time I've had one before I had
her it was chicken and bacon club but I
swear it's so worth redder than it even
sounds because the chicken was like
slightly spicy and crispy and there was
like an amazing spicy sauce and the
bacon was so crispy so that's our
these jeans are from where he's from I
want to say H&M I think these hmm but I
will get Alfie to double check they're
really cool they're like high-waisted
because we are staying in London tonight
in an air B&B which I'm excited about
because I do love a good air B&B and
jeans Miss Selfridge I really like them
they're a great fit and then shoes
much I freakin love this wallpaper with
this cute bar cart in front of it it's
so nice it's got lots of birds and they
now Trang which is an absolutely
beautiful place is stunning we're
basically at a resort I'm still here at
Virgin holidays I said they put on an
amazing incredible trip and we're at the
Six Senses resort now we're basically
private island and it's its own hotel
resort and it's a jungle it is just
incredible so I thought today I couldn't
oh my god is madness so yeah first thing
you got private infinity pool right
there private pool how insane is that
and there's literally no one around like
and you can see why it's called The Rock
Villa con you because it's very rocky
and you walk down here boom that balcony
goes all the way along madness isn't it
I quite honestly don't think I've ever
witnessed a greater room than this
I've never stayed in this hotel before
but it is kind of ridiculous it's called
the Mondrian and the room is so big but
it's probably bigger than our entire
flat I could do cartwheels in here if I
could like it it's massive but today
wearing the espadrille so I talked about
in my last video these are the ones that
I got from Amazon they're on a sauce as
well they didn't have my size on a sauce
and they're so nice I really like them
they feel very comfortable but I thought
you them anyway first of all that there
is this really beautiful navy of the
shoulder top and in like a denim but
it's got a lot of boning in the material
here so when it's on it has a really 3d
ruffle effect which I thought was really
pretty really nice with a pair of white
jeans with some wedges very kind of
friendship
south of France style v such as oh it's
lovely
and then this is a pink lacy
on the jacket and if you guys know coast
and it's mostly kind of known for
bridesmaids dresses this is really fun
casual very kind of weekend brunching
style and capsule collection for them so
this is a beautiful color which as you
know I just love this is the same
material as the first top that I showed
you but it's actually a jumpsuit
I know insert both of it from the
website here because it really doesn't
do it justice showing you in like this
then I got two pairs of trousers so I've
never tried any trousers from coast
people but these are their jeans but
they have loads of elasticity so
incredibly comfortable they fit really
nicely and I got them in white and then
a gray color but this is a gray that
almost
pink in certain lights so really really
pretty and even 79 pounds and probably
most comfortable jeans
I think I've ever tried so really
looking forward to wearing my new bits
from coast I'll leave all of them linked
down below just in case you want to
check them out I know it's hard to
this is the Liz Earle skin Repair
moisturizer which I don't think I've
tried this one before I tried the one in
the tube but my skin still feels really
lovely and soft it's the last thing I
put on after the cleansing ritual I've
also got the gentle face exfoliator the
eye bright soothing eye notion which is
really soothing but also gets rid of eye
makeup so love this one I have a travel
version of this which was so good taking
with me on holiday and finally the super
skin lip balm which I mentioned in my
new in April Beauty launches video so
interview I deserve and this gorgeous
little pouch as well which is just so
handy to keep my bit from both in so I'm
on Amazon and the Kindle edition is
available for pre-order and the
hardcover and then you can you can get
that I'm really freaking excited I'm
really excited to reveal the title which
is I'm not gonna do today and we're
actually I'm doing a collaboration with
Bang & Olufsen and they've just sent out
the most insane speaker so I thought you
guys would appreciate it
if any of you guys are familiar with
banging also and you'll know that sound
systems are like top-quality this stuff
is just like another level and they sent
me some headphones called the h8 and
then saying the low your over the ear
headphones but the quality is just so
good and they sent out their new speaker
which is the Bo sound 35 is let's take a
look at that quickly
girls now I need to show you this my
hotel
say look haha so so beautiful I cannot
get over it
it's literally heavenly so just in the
I think I'm going to go for a red lip
tonight the one in question is a
Charlotte hello everyone it is tell
Laura and he's like the most perfect
orange red that much is my nails
perfectly got these tons last week my
local fellow beauty and bubbles in
Manchester if you're wondering and it's
a shellac CND mumbo beat that's the
colour so if you like it put ashes on
well anyway
I've got on a regular t-shirt I wanted
to wear a next t-shirt show you t-shirt
now it was a gray t-shirt and
it looks like a beautiful day yeah it's
lovely great t-shirt and my grandma was
like a black eyelash lace trim along the
collar and the sleeves really gorgeous
only 12 pounds amazing
on Zoey
oh bloody hell
mourn everyone is your fault on despite
the lost egg Oh what are you all you
after despite the lost egg it was
actually very nice fucking yeah yeah
five-second rule so we did Landon Hirsch
I'm going to light some candles this is
apple cider flavored scented and it's
from TJ Maxx and it smells amazing high
first thing I got from Trader Joe's is
their uncured turkey bacon this stuff is
really good I've had it before and in
the fall I love bacon so and I love
Turkey so you know let's put this is the
oh you guys have not seen this then I
got this future state that's the brand
t-shirt and it has a line on it
and it says don't be lyin like lion but
with this I think this is cute it's very
like cozy pajama shirt that I could wear
with like pretty much anything so yeah
that's not o my favorite things that I
so you know and then the last thing I
got is this cream blouse
the material is so silky and soft it is
like a low cut in the front and has a
little flared out sleeves I think this
will look really pretty for like going
out to dinner at night I'm going to see
notable makeup mentions today this the
result time multi corrective CC cream in
natural loving it which is feeling quite
a light base today so I just use this
with a bit of the bourgeois healthy
balance powder over the top which I
really like and then on my lips is the
Maybelline Color sensational shine gloss
in the shade glorious grapefruit which I
legs out option and this is my cost silk
dress which I just adore I think is one
of my favorite things in my wardrobe
right now and it has pockets I should
love things with pockets and then I've
at all but I just want to give you guys
just a sneak peek at how amazing it is
oh this is the look fantastic
this is the the beauty egg I believe
these are actually already sold out and
they also get mine look fantastic and
beauty box which comes with a magazine
every month but they sent me two of
these so I'm going to give a giveaway
I go 400 here we are serial killer cafe
are we gonna go in and have a bowl of
cereal yeah I know y'all been better for
amazing yeah they're amazing people and
I'm definitely going to come back and
visit so thank you very much in Anaheim
for having us I'm speeding us and making
we are now ready to go and see project
call one of my favorite ever concerts
I've ever been to well his show because
logical does most amazing viral videos
on YouTube and he has one of the most
incredible visual albums so I'll leave
it down below because I mean we tweeted
five of our expedition and we're about
to leave this campsite which is called
klein alse
vista beautiful campsite we are heading
is out I'm gonna start underneath is
that kind of really excited about it
this is actually out now guys officially
out and I'm sure Louise would really
appreciate you buying it and reading it
in letting her know what you think I am
sure very excited I thought the
look tired I've also got a new lip combo
on which is Mac boldly bare and then
look with Ebola that her stationary it's
Mac boldly better than lip liner and Mac
have just released their new lip
densities and they sent me their entire
range which was very very exciting so I
thought that I would try them out and
I've just found a color by apps that you
love it's called doh
and it's kind of like a brown you need
this is I think this is a little bit
darker than it is so I was scared to use
this initially but it's really beautiful
and it's really nice
are wipes for cleaning a baby's bottom
after they've used them happy and I can
use these with dog is like Huggies or
pampers or just whatever I bought at the
time but I've heard great things about
these because they're chemical free
99.9% water not put 1 percent fruit
extract National eczema Association
accepted allergy UK friendly product so
I was like yeah kept those make a filing
and I did some research and apparently
this is good it's the Aquarius refresher
you guys on is we actually filmed a
video on Maybelline's channel a few
months ago I'll leave it down below
because it's just gone live and we were
really happy with the makeup that we
created on their channel so if you guys
are looking for makeup inspiration or
new makeup lips to trial I created like
a a pinky purple eye and like I seem to
live it was so nice reminding me of
something I wore to my prom and you did
one with red lip didn't you Lucy gave
two lip options so I'll do is I'll leave
the video down below because it's
actually or maybe Channel and we were
super happy with how that video turned
out so um yeah we'll leave it down below
you can watch it and I'm actually
wearing a Maybelline lipstick I work why
not drugstore makeup today I'm wearing
got these plate basically has the beauty
the Beast quote but you to relax that
has pull up a chair as the dining room
proudly presents your dinner I don't
know it's really nice I got four of
these I lose my I get older planes and
know if you know the blogger Freddy
Terrell she's got a hair shop called big
hair no care and she sells clipping afro
hair extensions and I am very tempted to
go there I get some hair extensions just
she created a magazine where black women
can be their unapologetic selves and it
just has like the whole spool experience
which is really cool some really great
articles on there and they host events
so because I'm a member got to go to the
event that was pretty cool and keeps a
pretty cool I need to extend my
vocabulary it's just such a great like
network of women obviously Matt
I've been using quite a lot is my morphe
360 palette there's so many different
shades but I only use only really been
using this shade in the middle I just
love this like bronzy color so I've been
a little bit on my eyelid like to check
I've loved wearing this dress today this
is from Tiffany Rose it felt very dolce
gabbana and I'm gonna do a maternity
sort of evening wear look book so make
sure this goes in because it's a really
good one if anybody's pregnant and
thinking they need a dress for Christmas
or something it just looks really sort
of smart and I don't know I really like
it
it hugs in all the right places so
yeah we saw Finding Neverland last night
on Broadway and it was so good it was
such a beautiful story and it's like the
choreography was just ridiculous in the
talent of the cars like they were so
good weren't they yeah they were amazing
and it was just such a magical show and
in this star hotel by the way it was the
art hotel and it was lovely that we're
off the bed so something I'm so sad to
me i absolutely just loved it here I
do okay so basically what I have on
first of all stripped down by Mac which
is always my base for nude lip I always
put this lip liner i line my lips and I
Chloe boots and then I'm wearing my
citizens of humanity jeans and the
coated ones which I just can't stop
wearing at the moment and so I got my
and sheet today and I'm going to be
trying this foundation that I got
yesterday I'm really excited to try it
because I've heard so much about it I'm
hoping that the colors right because I
did get and color matched I got in shade
today so I just shot this outfit this
outfit number two from the blog post and
I'm obsessed of it I absolutely love it
you know when you've got something on
you thought I never thought of putting
that together and I actually really like
it I'm wearing a shirt and jumper combo
from look again my Barberie Mac my
burberry scarf citizens of humanity
jeans of course and my st. neuron boots
although I'm really loving this
Charlotte Tilbury foundation it's quite
but it stays in place so well it's
really really nice actually I wasn't
show you my shoe situation I have these
from Topshop which I absolutely love
because they're so comfy I can literally
run in them but because they're kind of
really let me show you guys this is the
jumpsuit from selected foam I love it
it's got pockets I love it it's like
t-shirt style and it's in this kind of
thick worms and materials and cold and
it's kind of
top this top I already know I love I
tried it on and it's great some whistles
it's got this cute pearl detail
cold-shoulder
it's fitted it mazey I really really
like this I just love everything from
whistles basically so that's all the
clothes and I hand you manage to get a
room in the top shots personal styling
area which was amazing if you can try on
all the stuff take our time and I can
possibly show you guys everything trying
they're the comfiest shoes ever and yeah
they're quite outrageous you ready to
see them here they are everybody they
are called night Presto's I believe
they're new and they're like digi sand
so they're like 16-bit but like camo
kind of thing they're like sandy I don't
know if they are like the comfy shoes I
have ever worn so when I tried them on I
was I don't even care if they look
ridiculous or not these feel like my
feet are being cuddled so I have to buy
them anyways
bit of like inspiration reading list yes
I love Grazia let me have my guilty
pleasures people but yes things are
about the ordinary screen couch I'm
really enjoying at the moment and it's
sympathy after daughter bronze goddess
collection this morning and it is
incredible i've always bought it in the
previous years i've never been sent it
before so huge thank you to a
state-ordered we have the EDP and it in
this beautiful like really gold bottle
then we have lipstick which is a really
beautiful rosy color it's got like a
golden shimmer running through it so
it's like the definition of a rose gold
lipstick beautiful and just in case you
it's amazing we're very relaxed we're at
lime wood hotel which is incredible I'm
going to show you around there is
definitely one of the nicest hotels I've
stayed at it's like being in somebody's
very posh country house but we're going
hungry today I have got one and a half
hour massage and then I've got facial
later on in the day really kindly
organised by pi skincare if you read my
website you'll have heard me mention
them loads over the years because
they're just brilliant for sorts of
sensitive sensitized skin that doesn't
tolerate many products and I first
discovered it when I was modeling loads
and my face just used to get really sore
if I was doing a beauty shoot and
wearing less makeup so yeah they stock
their products in the spa here and they
also do treatments and so they've
organized for me to have some which is
just the most amazing treat so that's
drinking bath oils it's an ale made in
bath
no way it's premium and the Ale
yeah it's quite nice actually I'll just
this new jump I got this from and other
stories last week and I love it so much
because it's such a nice really
lightweight jumper I love the stripe
like the thickness it's amazing quality
I could go on and on about it and but I
love it like I've had tucked in some of
the day left it out some of the day I
love that I have a white-hot like color
as well it's just so nice and comfy and
and then these shoes got so much
attention on my Instagram they're from
and other stories as well but on the
same day and they're so comfy so nice I
love the color I highly recommend them
we're back to the hotel that we were
staying out the Med which is amazing you
see why outfit but I'm just wearing like
this cami from Topshop I love this it's
such a nice cut and then the jeans are
trusty ole converse on because I'm
walking around a lot today so I want it
to be super comfy and weather's nice so
yesterday and what we just went for a
vegetarian meal at Mildred's it was
amazing I did a delicious sweet potato
Cory so so good and we just got a few
should be really really nice and going
with the skincare brand origins which is
amazing a love that brands so much and
it's called tan luxe and it's called the
water so this is it I literally put this
on one coat last night and it's worked
absolute wonders not sponsored by the
way after I know that sounds like such
an ad but no it's so good and you also
have one to the face which is called the
face and I really like this one because
you literally add a couple of drops into
your normal moisturizer and you wake up
with glowing skin and people have
actually said to me like wow you've just
got a turn when you're in can for just
I love it too lower chassis I can wear
that to the gym for the three things Oh
cute fan leggings they're so nice
they're just plain black leggings and
then at the top that beautiful print oh
oh there's another thing
cute opps I think really nice so this is
a plain black top really seamless lovely
and then a sports bra again in that
lovely print another that's so gorgeous
I love the back really pretty oh cool so
these are little cat free plants covered
in that print that's amazing oh I love
it
so we're doing actually really nice
eating Nando's outside but I've got a
mango and no lemon herb today wrapped
chicken wrap coastal and chips are
really good yeah remember can't until
sent yesterday so cap Kitson have
recently started collaborating with
Disney two of my favourite brands and I
was so excited when they released the
Mickey and Minnie collection it was
little girl and I really like what
they've done to me the collection just
feels a bit more girly it's got more of
their like cap kits and classic rose
petals all over it which you'll see in a
sec and I just fell in love with it and
then I got an email from the lovely
people at cap kits and who I've known
for ages because I met them way back in
2015 when they redesigned some of the
beach shops and in Bournemouth so I met
am here to show you what I got so it is
absolutely stunning and this is actually
the first time I'm going through it I've
had a little like sneaky peek because I
was too excited but I just wanted to
give you my first impression so the
first thing on the top is the phone case
it's a rubber phone case black it says
Disney X cap Kitson and it's got one of
the puppies peeking over the top which I
absolutely love now I love you note I
have an eye ring on my phone which I
really likes I think I'm just going to
put this on for a bit of fun and they
meeting and I really do need just a
little something to carry some pens and
a pencil and stuff in so this is
gorgeous because it matches and it
actually says cap kits and on the label
really really really cute perfect in the
same print there's a little like wash
bag makeup bag whatever you want to use
it for I actually
it's such a nice quality I absolutely
love it their collection is so gorgeous
in the best to last this one is by far
my favorite of all of it I think maybe
the same case as well or two no but this
is from the like townhouse range I think
so you like the rose print which is what
majority value is and then you've got
this really gorgeous like townhouse
puppy range this is an overnight bag but
I've noticed it's got little poppers on
so I think this goes inside the bag but
you basically the bag comes like this
which is just so good for traveling and
I'm going to take this with my hand
luggage bag when I go away next week so
I don't have to describe it but the
inside is become wash it easily and it's
pretty big this is going to be so
perfect for traveling and I'm presuming
the pressure inside yes it does I am
smitten and actually submission another
I love it so much
all right so gorgeous just a disclaimer
this isn't sponsored I was just very
kindly sent me things I didn't have to
talk about them cap cuts and just very
generous because they know my love for
Disney thank you very very very much
cap Kitson for being super generous and
I love everything very much it's all
going to get lots of good use and good
complete 100% vegan youth enhancing
fresh skin care regime how exciting
Wow I love the body shop a lot and now
iced latté oh my gosh these are amazing
so nice I love Bailey's I love iced
coffee I do what for an iced coffee
company so that's inevitable last days
of my favorite so yeah right I love
these I'm very happy to find those in
Tesco and then I've got new I am back in
price tag but I did pick up a really
pretty dress in Zara which I'm going to
wear Saturday's my friend's birthday
it's white and lacy and it's really nice
so I'm glad I got found something
real Greek actually really really lovely
and the outside area was like really
probably summery and it's good that it
could be my dessert was a bit nurse I
I just didn't envision spending that
money on a dress today but it looks so
nice on me and so it is just a white
lace dress but what's really nice is
it's got um I scooped back so that that
goes off at the top and is it open back
for you wear it with no bra and honestly
it looked so pretty on I couldn't help
myself you know when you try something
on and you just feel really pretty in it
kind of like that and it's payday today
ah oh ok hold on soap & Glory sent me
mini versions of sugar crush because I
love it I actually have a body cream
nature to Charlotte but I want to have a
rough idea of where I'm going and what
we're doing so then it tells you like
which rides
four little ones to the family big
thrills and it's really really really
helpful so if you're interested it's
absolutely free not being paid although
I wish it was Disney if you want to
sponsor me ever then please do get in
touch but ya know I'm a massive advocate
for planning books and guides and things
are helpful and tips and advice and
our baby I really like these bikini bags
these amazing that you're like wet 20
percent these are cute I like these
they're nice why are these back from a
very exciting shopping trip Fox into
is nice so I've got the kind of skin
replenishing rich moisturizer which I've
actually bought and had before I really
like this and also had their facial wash
actually don't think I've used this my
skin is in need of them a new facial
wash and everything is so sensitive on
my skin by can you simple which is great
so yeah it got to me bits from them I'm
stay how to make I see how exciting
with what Apple spritz naturally
caffeine free and you have peach
lemonade oh my gosh nice and so yummy
very thank you very much
arrives today so first of all I got new
pair of Havana's the needs of my
favorite flip-flops in the whole world
I call them Havana's but they are
actually heavy honors I think that's
actually how you say it have the Yanis I
know I've always called them Havana's
but anyway so I love these I got them
for my 25th birthday so it happened two
years and they served me so well I love
them a lot and they're pretty much all I
live in and I kind of wanted a second
pair and I went on a self and I was just
browsing that's all they had Disney one
so I already had to get these and I'll
link them below if you're interested
because I haven't seen anyone talking
about them yet or anything and I just
think they're gorgeous
ordered this dress from boohoo it's so
cute what when Isis but it's from boohoo
I really like the detailing on it I
think it's so pretty for holiday it's
quite a thin material but it sucks me in
at the waist here which is my favorite
part and it's even got a little pockets
which is great of an evening and just
tucking my phone in my pocket but yeah I
really like it really suits me and I
think this is in the sales like 14
pounds or something I will link that
below if you're interested but I think
trying to say is the girl at benefit in
Bournemouth infinity Hamer's she's super
nice and she does such a good job
because I've been going to that same
brow bar for years now and there used to
a sea but this is the micelle a gel wash
the hydrating booster which you can use
the primer mixed in with your foundation
and is amazing actually I tried it
that and then using some of this so this
is meant to be amazing for dehydrated
and dry skin which is definitely me
so these are coming nationwide to stores
in September but I still so in boots
today so they are making their way into
stores now if your interest
yeah I'm really excited to try them not
an ad just enough to brand a lot it's
we went to HomeSense as you know and it
was absolutely brilliant very successful
got some amazing bits so I'm hoping I
saw these in the sale I tried them on
and they looked so cute so I got myself
a pair of dungarees but it's a dungarees
dress so it was in my size it was
originally 20 pounds in the cell 210 and
then it's scanned up at 7 pounds fits me
so nicely and I just sit with a disney
top and some trainers this is gonna be a
really cute little outfit for Florida so
stationary asset which is very festive
and nice I love this I love the colors
they've chosen for this collection is
gone off like floor like my flawless
leaf print and gold and green spots and
I really am digging it a lot I really
like this say that's about 12 pounds I
think
have them all by far my favorite super
nice I don't know what's in it I thought
it'd be like sickly Christmassy but it's
not it does have like a bit of mint in
it but it is just so lovely and I love
the little pom-pom on it so cute so this
is definitely gonna be a staple in my
life now I love it and I also got the
anywho I just had a delivery from new
look I was sucked in because they
emailed me like three thousand times
saying we have 25% off everything and I
was like oh okay so I found these
beautiful little white lace shorts I
for it but it's like a blue gingham
style bow dress oh my goodness I think
this is so pretty
night was amazing it was by far the best
hellofresh meal and maybe even the
nicest dinner we've had in weeks so I
scoffed it and it was great because I
as well it's so shiny Wow wow it looks
so clean there we go my necklace is back
oh I love having it back look how pretty
it is so shiny and literally been
wearing on my neck for like three years
I think I've got it 2014 yeah three
years every single day I wear it so I
felt a little bit naked without it from
being honest it's like I have it on
also got a pseudo creme which was one
hand 89 because I just think this is
such an amazing cream that's everything
to try a few things I've got dressing
appointment at their personal shopping
at department which is absolutely
gorgeous my first time here and I'm
at the moment I've got the first on on
this is by Sandra one of my favorite
brands and literally it's the first one
I've tried and I love it but I am
pockets I've come to a place called
squirrel and the food is so good here I
love it it's like a tree house okay
head to toe River Island so I love this
little crop top really really sweet I
never wear crop tops as well I just love
this run of the button detail and then
highways it had the top but the top was
just all my gosh it was doing the
ultimate most I just love the way the
nose that can do it yeah anything I can
find a link in the description bar below
if you guys want to get holiday ready
like holding hands
yeah so but basically the look I'll go
hungry I'm eating Massimo cheese you can
get the double foods I think or on
Amazon like food whatever it is they're
so good update I'm snacking on TV it's
have some ice cream guys we picked this
up yesterday from M&S Colombian coffee
ice cream it's slipping amazing I'm so
into like coffee ice cream Maya and
okay so we're in a place called spits
copper which Kyle recommended it to us
and not gonna lie is the best camp site
I've ever stayed in I can't stop looking
us at so Ella's winter wonderland and
it's like a bauble that's full of snow
like fake snow I really love it anyway
that's all I know
fitting with this video I ordered these
from Matalin they are Santa Paws pet
socks
I mean how cute they were three pounds
and they will fit on Nana's little feet
they're so cute
and then you come around here we've got
a few more bits and pieces here I'll
give you a little sneak peek some of
them this makes me so excited bar fizzes
hand cream little cracker and then we
have a bar absolutely full of fake snow
we've got some little Dead's in there
some stockings and then we've got some
other bits around yeah and some round
here then you've got the massive snow
globe which you can get inside take some
boomerangs have a fun time got some
candles lit it smells incredible in here
and then over this side you've got the
lifestyle which I'm so excited I can
finally share with you so we've got
notepads little pencil case a calendar I
don't want to show you too much because
I'm going to do a video separately on
all these things some nice little sets
some candles we have a sleigh area here
off at Cafe Gratitude capriotti's like a
super healthy place it does amazing food
it was amazing like snacky foods so
we're going to run it wraps amazing
ready I'm wearing this blue dress again
which I select I wear all the time but
it's not my perfect go to summer dress
I've actually partnered up with Bourjois
on this video to talk about lipsticks a
wearing lipstick these are some
seriously long lasting lipsticks they
are bold they are matte but they look
and feel very comfortable on the lips as
well so I'm going to introduce you to
all of the shades there are 12 shades
and total they range from like red to
nude plums pinks corals everything is in
there let's do a quick little zoom in so
these are the Bourjois Rouge velvet the
lipsticks this is the whole line up
there are twelve shades in total and
obviously you've got your kind of
everyday nudes here these are the ones
I'm going to gravitate towards more kind
of daily and then your more sort of
ready perfectly pinks at the end much
more of an evening lit for me I want to
show you what they look like inside as
well because they've got a very high
precision little it's like expert
application you don't need a lip line or
anything with these look at that it's
kind of like a overly egg shape so
really hugs the lit that really works
well with the deeper shade I just think
there's a great range of colors here
there's something for everyone and it's
so nice that they're like bold and
Mountain lips but they're not too drying
and I just think they wear really well
as well like super long lasting up to 24
hours that's what you can get out of
these so I don't know what color to go
for it and whether to go for more of
like a nude this is zero to sort of more
of a moves there e3 or to go all out
with the red 4:07
Sunday that goes on so easy I really
love that color I think it's a very good
everyday color for me and it goes on
very smooth very easy to apply I love
how it kind of dries down on
it's looking even more map now and I
love the color even more so our plans
lipstick updating it because I ain't
burger and chips then I think it's doing
quite well I like it it's nice and easy
so kinda em pasty it's like almost three
that and then these are the the top shop
motto row hem straight leg jeans that my
new favorite like style of jeans a lot
of they're straight leg I like that
they've got like a ripped hem at the
bottom they're nice and high-waisted I
get them in a 28 32 and they're like
kind of the perfect fits me they're not
too tight but not too baggy
vlog I love that bit and bye hope you've
enjoyed this vlog quick lipstick update
before I sign off for the day and take
my face off I'd say it's still looking
pretty good what you think what's that
mullet Oh looking good I think it's worn
off slightly but it's worn off very
evenly and I love the color and I have
like to say about these lipsticks
actually I'm really gutted I didn't wear
a bold lip today because I think that
really would have shown how long-lasting
they are and also I think the fact that
they go on so sorry but you don't listen
honestly really this would be really
boring for you okay I think the formula
works really well especially for the
more bold shades because you know you've
got a matte lipstick and you're putting
it on and it kind of tugs at lips
because it the formula is so dry and
chalky and you want that matte finish
but actually applying it as a real pain
and sometimes you might have to use a
liner or lip brush to kind of smooth it
on and get it that little like slippy
texture almost this has that texture
naturally on application and then drive
down matte so honestly is going to be so
good for the deeper shade and awesome
over autumn and winter and I'm sure
you're gonna see me using them again in
a video so thank you so much to voice
your for sponsoring this video it's
always so nice apartment Brown
I love and use I've always thought that
their lipsticks and their foundations
have been completely spot-on but I will
all the while being kitted out in some
gorgeous pieces for an accessorize so
here is our spontaneous weekend living
in the moment
amazing guy that Evian have brought me
here to experience the live young vibe
Darien Lake Darien Lake steam Park
Resort is this really awesome amusement
park that's located right between
Buffalo New York and Rochester New York
and it's the perfect place to kick off
our summer side yeah we have a group of
you guys should know that Darien Lake is
doing an offer for buy one get one free
admission to the park all summer go to
Darien Lake that compost technique to
claim your go go free offering and you
can have as much fun the three days yeah
which segues quite nicely into the
sponsorship element of this video which
is the Pampers Club rewards at a free
app that turns map is into rewards toys
for babies treats for you or money off
more pampers basically it turns every
nappy change and there are many of them
into a reward for our but I'm going to
go into it in much more detail a little
bit later but for now it is morning
arrow okay let's have a go with this
pampers club app so what the app does is
turns your map is into rewards and also
savings with pampers and all we need to
do is open the app and then you just
take a photo of your pampers receipt and
that's it it's really fast and then just
watch your points build and build and
then you can exchange your points for
different types of rewards things for
yourself things for the baby
yeah to spend them things for you
toys and magazines and more nap is just
a bear
and if you want more information on the
brilliant and free Pampers rewards at
pampers club app then check the
description box below ditto if you want
staying in the Crosby Street hotel and
I've never stayed here before and it's
absolutely beautiful it's so homely and
lovely I was saying yesterday how I just
feel so like happy in this hotel room
you know sometimes you just feel like
you're a bit homesick I've unpacked I've
settled myself in and I literally feel
like this room has become my home so I'm
here with Bobby Brown it's a huge global
press event so there's other bloggers
and youtubers from all over the world so
it's a really like huge three day long
event and I'm actually working with
Bobby Brown for this video which is so
exciting you guys know I love Bobby
Brown they are launching some new
lipsticks a bloody love and new lipstick
launch so we got here on Monday night
well with the lipsticks that I'm gonna
tell you about they're called the
crushed lip color and they come in 20
shades which is amazing I love when a
lipstick launch has like loads of shades
in it the idea is that the lipstick is a
really nice soft pigment and you can
blot it down and give that real like
effortless lipstick look which I really
love it it's very New York the lipsticks
are inspired by their effortless
cool and easy beauty routines of Bobby
Brown's girl crushes so you know the
girl who just like swipes her lipstick
on gives a little blot and she just
looks ultra cool I feel like I will
crush lip crush and as I said there are
20 shades they are oh my god look at
this this is an actual girls dream very
like new like lots of nudes nudie pinks
they're definitely like a theme going on
here but there are definitely a few like
brighter pops of color as well so far my
favorites I haven't tried them all yet
bear is the most beautiful nude which I
think I'm gonna wear today bear is
lovely last night I wore plum which is
really nice like deep berry slightly
like red berry they're very creamy and
they they kind of feel moisturized on
your lips so they're very easy to wear I
am so excited by these lipsticks and I'm
this one is bear which is a really
really nice nude let me put that on now
I think that's a really pretty color I
feel like this is the one I'm gonna get
the most wear out of and when I had my
perfect by the way I was so impressed
with how the red lasted all day i tops
it up twice once before lunch and then
once kind of late afternoon which i
think for like a creamy finish it wasn't
like a matte lipstick I think that's
pretty good going actually I'm gonna
forget to check the description box for
everything where I went what I wore a
link to the Bobby Brown
lipsticks and all the information on
their launch thank you guys for watching
stylish is my motto so I lately have
been really enjoying these linen shirts
from Lucky Brand they're really
comfortable light and they're just
perfect and stylish of course can't
forget that my go-to shoes are these
Clarks original desert boots these are
the original desert boot these are
perfect for most of my days because
they're light on my feet they're
comfortable the sole is really sturdy
and comfortable and they're also they go
really well with anything practically
you know it's just you can wear these
with anything so I just love wearing
these on these type of days and once I'm
I forgot to mention my activeflex jeans
from American Eagle these are
life-changing they're really comfortable
they're flexible they're stretchy so it
doesn't feel like you're wearing heavy
jeans on if you know what I mean so
these are great and that's my outfit
a canon 70d great quality great audio I
suggest you guys invest in one if you
guys want to start filming it is the
best so I recommend that once we're all
drinking so at the moment I'm drinking
this naked smoothie this is the blue
machine and this is my favorite flavor
and I find after a run it just really
refreshes me so it's a perfect time to
kind of have a bit of a pick-me-up and
the ingredients are amazing full of
blueberries and blackberries and stuff
so yes I'm just enjoying that now
a lot
that you guys know the space and K is
like one of my favorite places to shop
for Beauty things in fact it's like my
favorite place to shop for Beauty things
that always so helpful in there it is a
very like nice calming experience and I
feel like the shop assistants there's
always know what they're talking about
if you really good advice and like
color-match me asking all those types of
things so very very over the moon to be
working with this thank you so much
space in K I'm so excited to have a
sneak peek and have a little bit crown
Daniel Galvin salon that's in Selfridges
on the third floor
really incredible great service if I
recommend and I got the SC gel manicure
when inside had a good old mingle we got
to have a look at the full collection
which consists of 30 pieces altogether
25 optical glasses and five sunglasses
that was the second most fun part of the
night please to love and look at these
back they're amazing
we spent ages trying on almost every
single pair that they had there oh that
right I ended up trying the pair's I'm
wearing now guys I might not me
the rest of the event and of the pilot
pilot like Eileen actually chose these
because you can't disagree they look
fabulous on me I'm going to run again
but the way that they had the collection
displayed was super cool it was almost
like honeycomb display with the glasses
in each one
they were honestly so many glasses that
I was absolutely drooling over let's say
I decide I neveri want them all but
these ones for now I decided to get
these at the ends because to me these
are classic they suit my face I love it
when they're a pair of glasses with a
clear frame eliteness these ones in
particular are the Kiley 13 glasses
these are a champagne acetate if I just
come up a little closer you can see that
hint of champagne around my eyes I just
think I mean listen I could talk all day
about how much I love these glasses but
instead I'll just wear them with almost
every outfit but there were so many
glasses that I really wanted to Nick but
obviously Kylie Minogue is a fashion
icon actually inspires so many women not
just through her music but also through
her Styles you've got very very classic
look and that really really came across
in her glasses even if it wasn't
something I might particularly choose
there was something very classy about
every single pair I also really loved
how much of a variety the collection has
and I feel like Kylie managed to cater
for all women with this collection which
is I think something that's actually
quite hard to do but Kylie I respect
savers managed to do that together
pretty well if you asked me a lot of the
glasses are also designed specifically
for petite faces because Kylie herself
is quite petite so obviously she felt
that that was something that was much
needed we also got to meet the
Specsavers team and they were so lovely
they really have great van I'm very very
accommodating which is always a bonus
next videos special thanks go to
Specsavers for inviting me along to go
to this event it was truly wonderful and
so my glasses guys the collection drops
in Specsavers on the 14th of February so
make sure that you check out the full
collection I'm actually planning on
getting another pair when they do
release so keep an eye out on my
Instagram and I'll let you know which
then um so I found this and you're
probably like what the heck but it is a
brush that straightens your hair it's
not as damaging as a regular strainer
because I really don't like using heat
on my hair um especially with a
straightener where you have it like
clamped between these two hot you know
plates and I feel like that's so bad for
your hair where as this you know you're
not you're just kind of brushing through
your hair like you normally would
um and it only goes up to 378 which I
know is still considered high but
compared to like straighteners that will
really go up to like 400 and like 15
degrees it's not that bad so it won't
damage your hair as much as a normal
strainer would because it has bristles
it really runs through your hair and
makes it less frizzy so this will be
eliminated
quite soon this is from vanity planet
I'm sorry I didn't even say that
and I will have a discount code that you
guys can use but first let me do this it
feels so good
you can just it's so straight mm-hmm
and again I don't do straighter often so
I just love the change-up and it still
has volume but you can get a promo code
that literally gives you 50% off so I
will leave that in the description with
the link and everything so you guys can
check it out if you want to alright guys
of my decisions come here present we are
working with South Eastern Railway this
week and they basically said sir
hey where you want to go using one of
our trains and I knew straight away that
think what's happening now is people are
realizing that actually there's some
really beautiful parts of the UK to
explore keeping keep it simple
yeah and just travelling like within the
country that you're already in yeah so
much easier so much easier this jump on
a train you know anywhere so thanks out
that southeastern railway for for
working movie this week we've got
if you fancy booking a trip to Margate
or somewhere else in East Sussex okay
check out south eastern railways for
their advance purchase offers this
summer all the Lakers will be in the
description box below you video Wow - do
picnic my friends and i bought some of
the recorder league flavored cider which
i love and then i also had some invited
so the guys from Accord League wanted to
collaborate somehow and so this M is
amazing parcel I'm gonna have some of
the strawberry and lime flavor for
barbecue today look how amazing this is
recording League side a beautifully
Swedish wouldn't know a Swedish this oh
my god they basically sent me enrich
like loads of their premium strawberry
lime cider I love flavor ciders are so
refreshing in the summer all it is a
really nice floral crown in here too
that's super see wait let's not damage
that that's so nice rich come look at
this and make sent us like special
glasses to have it in look at the parcel
that they sent us Wow it's cool isn't it
all is that it back i know i need let
headband suits you and I they'll yes it
will stroll free in line oh there's
actually some limes in here too so we're
going to have this with our BBQ today my
that yes strawberry lime rich put the
glass in the fridge as well this looks
very professional right to break up some
ice amazing weather today okay so I've
got my cold glass and ice so I haven't
tried the slaver I've tried the passion
fruit 10 I think there's probably a more
professional way to pour it than that
i'm not very good at this rich is on the
phone you probably should have done it I
know looks fizzing down oh my oh that's
so nice very refreshing I'm gonna get
rich one he'll like that
just now on the beach so I definitely
need a hit of moisture recently I have
been trying out the coconut milk range
from Garnier and it is exactly what my
hair is craving when I'm on holiday from
that old enough length collection it's
got that she derived ingredients but
it's especially the macadamia nut oil
which just filled my hair with goodness
and especially you know what it's like
after don't see your hair does need to
be filled with goodness again so I'll
definitely be using this shampoo and
then I'm going to be using this re in
and I personally find this the best when
your hair is maybe like sixty percent
dry like this to take the spoonful or
it's good full and then rub it through
your hair and and out your hair dries in
the joy now and then and your hair dries
it really just focusing all those
nourishing ingredients and softens the
hair makes it shiny and then also if you
do when you has a little bit more dry
can help get rid of Swire ways as well I
might do a second round of this so I
mentioned it's paraben free it's got
naturally derived extracts and because
of those lovely ingredients in here it
just smells so so good so now I just
associate this smell the holidays it's
like a really warming coconut smell and
yeah I just love it so as you can see
it's making my hair super easy to brush
through I'm just using a wet brush like
my savior's and as the evening goes on
my hair will just absorb all the
goodness from this mask
time so this one is the summer body
cream Gagne and it's very very subtle so
no one's going to look for you at dinner
and be like oh my god she's wearing
three times so there's a focus of
gradual tan they call it a moisturizing
lotion for some kids look virtually
build the natural King town and I
definitely agree with I can use this in
the UK but because it is so hydrating
super fast absorbing and it's got
apricot extract in there as well that
smells lovely
past five minutes I'm feeling super soft
and my skin it smells absolutely amazing
it's thanks for lovely apricot extract
so over the next couple of days I'll
keep using this every day morning and
night and I will slowly but surely
develop an even more beautiful and
than when I went to sleep thanks to the
summer body and Ambre Solaire I used
last night so my holiday beauty hacks
are working and also because we've just
it so I put this new lovely like
hardback bound book it's a really sweet
story and it's all about love so it's
really fitting for Valentine's Day so I
was thinking this would be a really
lovely gift for them or this would also
be a really nice gift to get from the
kids to maybe daddy
so that daddy didn't like read it to
them and stuff like that but yeah it's
got really lovely wording in it and the
boys regularly like stretch out
see I love you this much or I love you
to the moon and back because that's kind
of like the wording in this book as well
and I'll show you what I've written it
inside whenever I buy a book as a
present for someone I always like
personal message inside it because I
think that's like a Remo keepsake and
then every time you go back to read that
book it has like the wording in the
front cover so I'll show you so this is
it here and then when you open it up I
just written to Jackson Caleb and Fraser
I love you right up to the moon and back
love mommy and daddy and I put
Valentine's Day 2017 not than that and
then I've also got them to guess how
much I love you coloring book which also
has stickers in it Caleb in particular
is really into is coloring at the moment
so I saw that with you perfect for him
I'll do a link in the description bar
below of this book and also the coloring
books as well if you want to go and
check it out for Valentine's Day we have
loved it it's always been favored in our
house but I want to show you that my
roughly so I have another book club
which is exclusive to wh Smith and is
launching it today as you watch this
that is a so much difference this year
in the fact that this is a zoella and
Friends book club and this time around
which I am so excited about because
there are so many amazing authors on
this planet
just because I feel like when you put
lots of enthusiastic people together who
love books great things will happen and
I can promise you that the book we have
chosen for this runs a book club are
like amazing I can't wait for you to see
the book so exciting I am going to show
Jennifer Nibin if you guys know how much
I absolutely love her to have her on
board with this was very exciting for me
she wrote the book all the bright places
and holding up the universe which are
both two of like my favorite books that
I read last year I absolutely love her I
love her writing style and yes very
excited to have her on board the next
next up is Chris Russell and he is a
musician and a novelist which I just
think is the coolest bundle ever and he
wrote the book songs about a girl I'm so
excited to have Chris on board and I'm
so excited to share with you the books
friend's book club is Juno Dawson as you
know has written so many amazing books
one of which I have actually read which
is called mind your head and it's all
about mental health it's amazing and I'm
so excited to have a fellow bright omean
is exclusive to wh Smith for the
duration of the book club so you can
only get this on WH Smith website or
install and as always all seven of the
other book titles have their exclusive
covers - WH Smith as well which I always
love because then all of them together
look so great I'm going to I'm going to
show you look they look so great if you
guys want to find out more about the
other seven books I haven't talked about
in depth in this video then head on over
to WH Smith co uk boy slash zoella book
club for a lot more information and also
I would advise that you guys follow the
author's social media channels like
Twitter and things because they'll have
lots more exclusive content over there
and reviews of the book as well if you
guys head out and buy any of these books
from the book club as always make sure
you are tweeting using the hashtag
zoella book club so that I can read what
you guys think of these and we can all
have a bit of a book discussion I think
check out all the links I will leave in
the description box for all the WH
Smiths but the club staff and
grandfather the authors and yeah I am
game because they go in touch and i
genuinely love that a polite as you can
see one level 29 already myself I don't
ever promote anything in videos that I
honestly don't believe that you guys
will enjoy and this is one of the things
that they just got in touch me and I was
like I genuinely love you I love the
game like I've been playing it and I
really enjoy it so why would I not want
to just tell my audience about it it's
really cool go have fun playing the game
guys I will leave a download link to it
down below the app like the icon thing
if you gon app store looks like this
challenge so Kellogg's going Dutch and
they have asked us to use the hashtag
because the arm and see who can make the
most delicious bowl of cereal
is basically Special K original crunchy
nut Coco Pops cornflakes Rice Krispies
bran flakes milk cranberries apple
banana yogurt Kiwi
express I'm gonna try out this cool
thing where you can pay your bill on
your phone so I decide to try sup
because I just think it's gonna be much
better you know like when you're in a
rush on tf2 wait ages noodles to get
your bill I think with this thing that
we're gonna try you can just literally
like hey you're Bill got a massive
so this log is actually sponsored by
Leonor which sounds kind of different
for me because obviously it's not
something I normally kind of talk about
obviously when you're traveling you want
your clothes to smell good and stay
fresh and I am having to basically turn
around about half of my wardrobe in
terms of washing in one day so hopefully
I will be left with very soft
good-smelling clothes by the end of the
day so this is a sensing question it's
from Lenore's new inspired by nature
collection it's their silk tree blossom
fabric conditioner which is actually
pretty fitting considering I've just
been in Japan and the silk tree blossom
is from Japan the product is all about
being inspired by nature and kind of
learning how to switch off from everyday
life and kind of letting nature back
into your life which is exactly what I
do when I get home because I live in the
countryside and I feel like traveling
partially in collaboration with posters
of me you and I've been wearing Sergio
right now for last few weeks as a load
of you know because I've seen so many of
you have bots and their pieces which I'm
so pleased by because I'm just like
absolute upset my kind of jewelry to a
tee like delicate beautiful materials
beautiful metal amazingly they wanted to
come as working me to show you a few
more of the pieces so if any time I talk
about them in the
video it's both completely organic apps
in love pieces but also they wanted me
to tell you a bit more about them so I
was extremely happy to be able to
collaborate with them on this actually
swimmin this I've been winners for the
past week and I am obsessed with it you
sort of slide it in like that
and it just fits super cute I've got
this ring but I love just a really sweet
little thin ring I've got this X ring
and it has a guy mantas one side of the
sign is just the metal so I've really
been enjoying wearing it upside down
actually it's just like the the silver
then I have this other diamante ring
that kind of cuts off here and spins
round like stacking it with this one
sits like a a triple thing going on I
also help this one there as well which
is even bigger which can go around look
up I'm on the way up today might wear my
bracelet this is beautiful this is white
white gold sand that's was stunning
since the necklace I showed you the
night that was wearing with that
gorgeous dress I don't need to wear like
today click one quite fit but obsessed
with that it's so strange
they want to leave that that actually
display these pieces to fit and rings on
the bracelet so today I'm obviously all
links will be down below don't look at
this nail and very embarrassed by it
I love boots I have done for absolute
years and they're actually celebrating
20 years at the advantage card you know
you like the rewards card let me find
your mind it's in the purse I always
carry it around with me then it's very
well-loved actually this little bad boy
hasn't been around for 20 years it's
definitely been around probably for
about ten because I think I've had this
been around for 20 years so in September
they're celebrating and many happy
reports and there are lots of different
metal offers amazing things going on
I'll make sure that will link down in
the description box below through but
in basket heaven this is insane this is
so much bigger than my Brighton one oh
my god I love it so if you guys have
looks too fun this gray marble slave
looks amazing like it is so heavy the
quality of this is amazing
it's $12.99 that it's amazing I've paid
like double that for some of my marble
slates at home mmm do I take this one
home with me yeah
ended up back at the front of the store
again and I love this chair so much so
I'm kind of really into this display
here it's really cute I love these
chairs I think Alex needs these in her
life you really need them that's so
beautiful
all so the first thing in this bag of
lightly talked bits is this candle it's
a sweet almond pumpkin candles smells so
good it's like fresh pumpkin like it
smells like a pumpkin dessert it's just
really really gorgeous so I can't wait
to burden it in like before two months
like a real marble slate like a so heavy
the quality of it is freaking amazing
and this was $12.99 which I think it's
awesome so I think this is gonna go
really nicely in our kitchen actually
these these are little bowls and they're
actually from the pet section this one
was $2.99 and the other one was too nice
known as well this one's my favorite but
I like the fact that rather than having
two that were the same I wanted like op
got Josh and myself some bowls and these
are really cute I like the texture of
them on the outside this one's got like
a honeycomb texture I really like the
honeycomb like hexagon shapes it's got
this pattern on the inside and this one
has more of a like diamond pattern and
then
on the inside so I got two of each of
those so I have four in total and these
were three ninja 90 which I thought was
pretty good
I have one of these already in white and
this vise or as I call oh my god is pink
is beautiful and it was $2.99 though so
good and then we have the basket which I
really really liked I love this kind of
multi texture it's just like a really
nice storage basket and I think it's
gonna come in really handy and then the
time for exciting thing number two in
this video and this I'm ever since I've
been sorting this thing out I've been so
so excited you know in youtubers or when
today I don't even know how this has
become a thing I like you all know that
I'm good friends with Jamie Oliver and
Jamie has got a new book out one minute
let me put you guys out here it's up on
my shelf in my kitchen you may have seen
that I've had this book for a while this
is Jamie Oliver's new book gave me all
of her five ingredients quick and easy
food as seen on Channel four this dude
here this is my mate Jamie Oliver I've
long story short penguin the publishers
of this book here penguin asked me if I
wanted to cook some recipes from the
book in a video and I was like oh of
course of course a bloomin do so via
text and Jamie been like oh I'm working
with your book like I'm working with
your book and you're my mate and like
this is crazy
so penguin said we're happy for you to
just do whatever you think whatever
works with you and I said okay let me
so Domino's has invited us down to their
Test Kitchen I'm gonna be making our own
Domino's pizzas yeah
leftovers and you can actually order our
pizza if you want to changer if you want
to there's a code in the description
there's a link the game changer can be
yours and just enjoy it basically it's
delicious
I'd show you some of the bits that we
got look how cool this is
and last night when it was all dark it
changes color this pumpkin
it was projecting it all onto the
ceiling somehow I don't know it was just
sick and then we've got we had a happy
Halloween thing we got this skeleton
here which we didn't name but I just
thought he was cool because you can just
like change his shape and you can make
him stand up and everything go these
little spiders around here we got this
which is just awesome look at this
there's a just a massive blow-up pumpkin
you guys down here and show you my
favorite thing so this here is like a
backpack that you put on you will see
what's so cool in a second it takes like
a minute or something to do and then
look at this look at this it's so sick
this video and I want to shout out a
massive thank you to as they're having
me tonight and making the night so
awesome
so if you want to go check out their
Halloween stuff and everything I leave a
link down below to all their stuff and
heading to Croatia split today to go on
a feeling holiday with Mozilla sales but
all operated job ladies greater Turkey
Greece and Italy people aged 20 to 35
the last year did briefing it's the most
amazing trip ever
ahoy mate Croatia this is the discovery
route like I said there's two routes
become amazing it looks so exciting we
get emotional about it but I just felt
like it was such an experience and I
feel very blessed that I'm able to take
you with me and show you what a meso
strips all about so now I've done till I
feel like I've hopefully done it justice
and you can see exactly what the kind of
thing is it's like I'm going to lead the
website linked below along with their
social unity we're going to check them
out 2018 prices normally come up at the
end of the summer like boot up or
September October time so if you want to
book for next year then I'll link that
below for you and I think that's pretty
much bit like I said that this probably
not gonna be my last met sailors and
it's not one last time I talked about it
so I will do that Q&A while going to
more depth and stuff but I will
absolutely amazing really great
experience and I just yeah I'm going to
love and leave you please do follow me
excited about this job today because I'm
working with HomeSense and I thought I
would do like a real-time whole / vlog
never got around to buying
so when home sets approach me to work
than one this video I was like oh my god
this is great because now I can get all
the little bits that I need that I just
haven't got around to getting because I
feel like almost two years now and
there's just still like bits and pieces
if you've not heard a coma since I'm
sure most of you have if you haven't
there's there like a big brand I think
they have them in the States as well but
they're quite a big homo brand and I
didn't realize that part of TK Maxx so
if you like TK Maxx home I've got one
really near to me a TK Maxx home and
it's amazing so they're not a brand
they're just a store and they basically
like buying home where stuff like all
year round it's all different brands so
they have they're really good for like
quite actually kind of one-off pieces
like big pieces like a chair or like a
statue or a big pot you know like those
kind of one-off like statement things
that you want in your house but you can
also get like everyday stuff like
glasses place kitchenware duvet covers
all that kind of stuff it's really good
quality stuff as well as being like
discounted which is amazing especially
for home where so saying that when
you're in somewhere like home since it's
one of those places where if you see
something you have to get it there and
then because they're not going to have
loads of it it's going to be either a
one-off or only a few of that item
because of the way that they buy so it's
very much if you go there and you see
something you like just get it because
you probably won't get it and I went
there ages ago and I did see this chair
but it was like 300 pounds so I didn't
the market for that I was like it's so
cheap I just have to I could not resist
so we'll start off with something very
boring and mundane coat hangers can
never have too many coat hangers these
are kind of velvety ones these are more
so I got a couple more because they're
really good for kind of soup and noodles
and things like that I just really like
the pattern of these so this was only
399 and it's getting into winter it's
really good for like stews and stuff
anything and that was $2.99 again I
really like the pattern of it it's got a
different one on the outside and it has
inside I really loved this kind of
asian-inspired China well China where is
pillow this is actually for home to me
it's very particular about his pillows
so we've picked him up a new one this
would have been fifty pounds but I got
it for $24.99 how good is that then we
have more bedding
I bought this was just to do makeup it's
not the pattern was quite nice this
would have been 249 pounds and it was
first no 99 I can't really argue with
that and you can see it's got a pattern
on it but it's not to like anything too
garish I suppose in the bedroom I like
glass bars I thought this was really
nice this was $7.99 and I thought I
might put it in the bathroom and try and
get a really big like palm to put in it
cuz I thought that would look really
nice in there I also bought this planter
which was $7.99 I'm very into
houseplants I thought this one was
really nice I really like the pattern on
it because it's got this kind of a it's
not a statement but it's got a pattern
on it but it's not to like garish okay
this is the thing I'm most excited about
one of these crochet poops I've seen
these on Pinterest and Instagram on all
the home accounts I follow every one
every one for ages and I'm so excited
when I saw it because it's just watch
and it was $49.99 but doesn't say what
the price it would have been but I know
that these are pretty expensive if it's
not clear what it is it's a footstool
but this is what's good about home since
it's got these kind of but as you can
see like everyday things and then there
is some kind of really unique like
standout pieces now I've got the task of
enjoyed this kind of like funny
real-time vlog hole type thing I'll link
everything down below including the home
sensor website they've got a store like
H on there so you can find the nearest
one to you once again thank you so much
for watching thank you to HomeSense as
well of course for working with me on
this video
is getting these beauties first I
partnered with to send out this video
and if you don't know about to send you
know they're basically like an amazing
really well Fry's salih art sort of
company my sisters sometimes work with
them before and I just literally love
their stuff so much so I picked out some
stuff that I wanted I'm gonna hang up on
the walls let me show you guys now
actually which ones I've got think you
guys will love them oh this is all the
I was telling you guys about
senio on the website have an actual
guide how to hang wall print so last
to dicenio-- for this video and I have a
discount code as well which I believe is
just le e ll e and that gives you 25%
off all the posters but honestly really
recommend guys just going and have a
look because I was in love with all of
their posters and telling me that right
now I feel like such an adult talking
about this I've been excited to get
these posts up for weeks now I've had
them for so long
oh let's get them up
oh my god
are you obsessed because I am how
incredible does that look oh my god
really underestimated how much of a
difference that was gonna make I love it
I'm absolutely in love with that now I'm
gonna quickly go and do the ones in the
Beauty room oh how amazing is that even
those two make such a difference to the
room do you know what I mean like it
just it just makes it look a bit more
full oh I love it so much okay so I've
really looking forward to getting those
up because I just didn't I didn't
realize how much the prints would
actually make a difference do you know I
mean like I just think that completely
adds to my living room the only things I
cooker for tonight it is a simply beef
and lamb recipe from their website will
put the link below to that it's a pepper
pot of students really nice I've been
working with simply beef and lamb on
their slow food campaign which is
they're trying to get people to slow
down from their busy lives kind of cook
more slowly think about a slow food
movement which if you know anything
about it was like a movement that
started in Italy and it was kind of and
I antidote to fast food just getting
people to make think about where their
food comes from a bit more and yes so
that inspired us to have this like slow
restful day and I found it really hard
all in here for my and pepper potts to
which is on this simply beef and lamb
website which I will link to below for
you to go and find the recipe if you'd
like to make it yourself obviously show
you later what it looks like when it's
finished but it already smells amazing
thank you for watching today and if you
want to find the recipe that I made
there's a link below and also writing a
blog post with tips for how to slow down
when you are addicted to being busy like
me and i will link that below as well
and the boys got a new addictive highly
addictive game for you guys
arrow IO arrow dot IO it's a game you
just watch Noah plan right now Cain and
I have actually played this quite a bit
before so basically you're like in a 3d
maze environment you run around you
collect the hearts the gems that's how
you level up and you basically fight
your opponent's different characters you
earn different characters and you earn
different weapons the further you go the
crazier it gets different levels
different it's just it turns into a war
zone and the weapons are insane and you
get the crazy stuff you shoot like it
starts with an arrow and goes the
fireballs are like you pick it he's got
two lasers right now pick it up show me
them lasers boys go get someone
whoa this long-range oh he's got too
much health man
I got ya that's all right it's quick
it's like quick play you can play it
with your friends you can take on other
pixel man and basically not allow and
best part games free it's free games go
check it out guys I'll put the link in
the top of my description arrow dot IO
family day out so this video is going to
kind of be a vlog and kind of law
basically the lovely people at pampers
recently got in touch with us and asked
if Archie would like to try their new
baby dry pants which looked like this
and as a mum I have become very much
interested in nappies much more than I
ever have been before of course I look
like this and the difference with these
are they're actually like little pants
because they don't have the tabs on the
side so they're amazing for wrigley
babies would like to try and crawl away
from you or that don't like having then
up you put on you just literally pull
them up and you're done no sticking tubs
or anything we've been testing them out
for a little while they've been
brilliant at nighttime we've kind of
tested them on nights when Archie set
straight through seven till seven
sometimes even 72 I and I've been
amazing they haven't leaked which is a
nightmare I hate when that happens that
they've been really absorbent so that is
a big thumbs up in my book but what
pampers actually asked us to do was test
them on a day out so that's what we're
going to go and do today we've decided
day had by all for any mums and parents
out there wondering how the baby dry
pants did they're really good I'm
actually really impressed with them we
didn't have any leaks and there are
really easy to change in a public baby
changing facilities as well sorry for
anyone interested the size threes of the
baby dry pants are available exclusively
in tesco stores now an Tesco actually
having a really big baby event at the
moment so there's loads of great price
reductions and just a really good time
to stock up on things if you're
expecting or you've got a baby or
toddler so i'll put a link for that down
below as well if you're interested in
checking that out thank you so much for
you guys this product because Batista
sponsoring this video very kindly of
them and they have this called you put
on that they sent me I gave it go and I
really liked it it is there to in one
invisible dry shampoo and conditioner it
says 18 our conditioning and this is the
Coco and Kashmir sense you've probably
heard of their dry shampoo I think Petit
Latif that pretty much known for their
dry shampoo but this is a bit different
it's not a product that you can spray in
the roots to get rid of grease it's
something you spray in like the mid to
end length of your hair and it's a dry
conditioner I've used to dry conditioner
before and I really like them because I
can't use like a wet conditioning spray
on my hair once it's done because why my
hair gets wet it will be straight
anymore it'll go curly so I love dry
conditioners and I've got quite like
thick textured coarse hair so this
really softens the hair I love I love
having like soft hair something I've
always wanted and I'll younger I'm going
to show you how to use this I like to
shake it up and then from about here I
just spray it all over the hair and then
I brush it through in the hands I can't
like brush my hair with a brush words is
like this because it just goes really
frizzy but I brush it through in my
hands it smells really nice love might
be sat by a fire and so my freshly
washed hair now kind of smells like fire
so the smell of this the Coco and
Kashmir it's really nice it makes my
hair feel so soft and like in such good
condition I'm a big fan of this party
they have a mini sized as well I haven't
managed to find one yet I would probably
get the mini and keep it in my handbag
and use it as like an on-the-go things
freshen up my hair throughout the day
because I am going to be showing you
guys the behind the scenes of the
element collection if you don't know
what the element collection is where
have you been for the past few days it's
my new hedger collection that I released
on my website and you're going to love
it if you haven't seen already you will
love it I've also got a promo video on
my youtube channel to watch my I think
I'm here with Carlsberg they've kindly
invited me and say we've got another
hotel room will be hooking up with him
in a minute to come out here for this
game all I am pumped this is a
Carlsberg is taking us to that one as
well big thanks to cars will go for
giving us this experience sir shame we
didn't get a win but it's been decent
I'm working with grapes Western Railways
which is a train service here in the UK
the south west of the UK and we are kind
of teaming up to celebrate World Book
Day I'm editing this another day and
realized that I said National Book Day
well done Hayley I think one of the best
things about living in the UK and one of
my favorite things about the UK is the
accessibility offered by train when I
usually a few weeks in advance I think
at Great Western Railways you can look
up to 12 weeks in advance and it's
really cheap and then you can just go
see a new city and come home at the end
of the day and sleep in your own bed its
opponent it's a form of travel it's
basically only second best to apparition
in my opinion
this video actually probably thank you
to Great Western Railways for partnering
with me on this video hope you guys
enjoyed it and I hope you'll all go find
some magical tickets to get you at the
city for a day because I had a really
lovely day you all right let me know in
want to check it out if you want any
more information about the hashtag
immerse yourself feel going on right now
through a Rasta mail check it out down
below use Great Western Railway trains
because they're awesome and they give
really good discount cause you guys have
and in today's video I'm going on a day
trip to Brussels with URIs Jocelyn
now this is service offers you return
tickets to Paris Lille unruffled for 50
quid and I'm going to tell you how it
works you can sign in using either your
Facebook or Twitter account picture
destination and the date you want to
travel 48 hours before your trip
Eurostar will email you your train time
so it's perfect if you don't want to
spend any extra money on accomodation
and there's still enough time to explore
don't forget to check out the
description box whether the link to your
softener and also a video explaining
blog because George and I are heading to
York for the day rooting up with
TransPennine Express trains which
basically connect the entire of the
north together by a train and being in
does take out of it and you know we have
the best time absolute little world to
explore in the north and everything has
to offer
Oriana train ride is so exciting it's
just a really nice way of seeing in the
country and seeing what UK has to offer
I really hope that this video has
inspired you to and booked a train and
go and explore the UK and I left off
especially when off but yeah if you
oh my god you guys are talking sweet
thank you so currently we have one
hundred and fifty dollars they gave us a
gift card to Sephora like anywhere and
the store's not open yet so this is like
the craziest thing in the world
totally doesn't matter I'm gonna start
with foundation that this is the Sephora
collection make no mistakes foundation
and concealer stick what's awesome is
it's a foundation and concealer so you
really can be lazy with your makeup
reason I'm in New York is because why I
sell have launched their new men's
fragrance called why now if you follow
me on Instagram I actually was very
lucky or given the fragrance I was one
of the first people the entire world had
given fragrance and I run a thing on my
Instagram stories where people could
request a sample and that was actually a
real soul but I've got two models so the
people who are watching me on Instagram
stories could request a sample now is
actually available in real life in
August or so I put a link down there and
pony what you took here's the fragrance
itself and here is the packaging it
comes in it's very very nice actually
like I said I've had it for like a month
or two now so I've been kind of using it
quite a lot and it is beautiful and the
concept behind and while I are in New
York is because it's basically about
creative self-made people who follow
their drive and follow their dreams
share it so I want to shout out a great
company which sent me some books which
is what Caleb was going through a moment
ago I'll just show you them and here
they are so these are from a company
called pattycake and I'm sure a lot of
you've heard them already and the great
thing about is they launched some new
books this year and they have different
sections I love that they are mainly
focused on younger children so the early
books are 0 to 18 months which is for
Kayla cuz he just turned 1 and then
there's like 3 year olds or preschool
and then they have 4 years plus so we've
got some some core books which actually
focus on the fast this one's more for
babies going on - about a year and a
half and the notes are around the three
year olds and they also have an amazing
face book which means you so definitely
recommending parents out there check
that our new books are available on
Amazon - and with that said thank you to
Pat a cake for sponsoring today's video
put a little bit of Ariel actor lifts
which have outstanding stain removal and
one washed under there in this is really
hot water and we're just gonna leave
this to soak for like 45 minutes whilst
amazing trip I'm gonna end it pretty
much now because I am pretty knackered
I've been in like four countries in
three days or something crazy like that
but anyway I had the most amazing time
working with Contiki and also being able
to bring along my best mate with me on
my travels and sort of share those
experiences and the cool crazy stuff I
get to do with you know my best mate but
anyway the full clips of all the
experiences I got up to with contiki are
over on their website or YouTube channel
not too sure I'll leave a link in
description below so make sure you head
on down there check it out and you can
do with a chance of winning a cool trip
for yourself and I always tell you guys
if there's one thing that you can do
your life I know I make you happier push
out your comfort zone make you try new
things you never put your train alive
and in a way like shape use a better
person traveling is the thing to do that
honestly I am hundreds in certain it it
changes you for the better it makes you
I don't know it changed your life it
honestly changes your life
so yeah click on the link to Kentucky in
the description and you can win yourself
a trip full of no regrets anyway I'm
actually use my phone just like I've
come back in the UK it's honestly
amazing so it's a game it's natural game
changer I'd use my phone in this country
at no extra cost but I explain more
about that a bit later on the vlog so
one of the reasons why I'm with threes
because as you know I fly to LA like
quite a lot of the time and when I get
to LA I can use my phone at no extra
cost
so basically when I land I can still
send texts just like a normally word I
can still send my emails I can still use
whatsapp but the most important thing is
I can still use my apps like snapchat
I can still use Instagram he's like you
burn like it's just so convenient when I
land knowing that I'm not gonna get like
a huge bill at the end of my and then my
trip I can share shamelessly I just
can't say it
cher shameless I can't do it I can share
shamelessly it's like she shows she
shows ice cut I cut you know I mean I
can share shamelessly done it about it
build it without a doubt the main reason
why I'm with Three's because of their
feel at home package that's what I use
so when I when I land in America
anywhere within I think as I thought
there's deer 42 countries and there's
actually more has been added like
Portugal Greece and Germany are going to
be added very very soon and actually
everyone gets Germany uh very soon all
42 countries like including Germany
Portugal and Greece will be available
from September so I could be coming to
fresh food today so hellofresh is
sponsoring today's video we love how
fresh we like their food we like their
service and this is something we've been
so I'm really excited it is what we're
making today toasted brown rice bowl so
if you guys haven't heard us talk about
how fresh it's a meal kit delivery
service so we got this delivered to our
house in an insulated block we usually
get the veggie box when we're making
videos on this channel Parker doesn't on
his channel too so subscribe to a
channel but he gets to like classic
blocks or there's a family box if you
have a bigger group of people we usually
just get the veggie box for two people
you can do two people or four people
nice because it comes with the
step-by-step instructions we've shown
you guys with the pictures with your
super helpful all the ingredients are
fresh the meals are under 10
dollars each they always have new
recipes every week so it's nice because
we get to try something new step 1 wash
so this is fun like we love cooking
together just having something that kind
of makes you know makes you spend
quality time together we're like gives
you the opportunity to spend quality
time just doing something fun so it's
kind of about like the experience and
not just about like the foods that
you're making if you guys want to get
$30 off your first week of delivery is
it from at hellofresh you guys can go
cute hello fresh calm and enter the code
Aspen Parker's 30 so do that if you guys
want to try it we're going to get
started
a few weeks ago Dorset cereals sent us
an email asking if we'd like to hang out
with them a festival in Oxfordshire
Dorset series believed life should be
about taking pleasure in the simple
things in taking it slow and not just a
great breakfast then while we like the
car and went to hang out with our major
dorcet cereals and we're so glad we did
anyway on with the show
I've also planted up in this video with
weather shockwaves they have two new
products that they've just launched and
they are star Refresh sprays one's a
revival one's a volume and I've been
using them a lot recently and I'm really
impressed with them some of you might
have seen previously I've done a hair
tutorial video using well a shock wave
products so if you do want to see a hair
tutorial video I will leave a link in
the description box for that down below
first product that I use this morning
was this well a shock wave volume style
and refresh spray and to be honest with
you I kind of felt like that was enough
I didn't really need to go over my hair
again with a hair spray it did just give
it a little extra hold using the hair
spray
but the sort of texture that this gave
me almost made me feel like I didn't
really need to apply so I could
definitely have got away of just using
that this morning the spray it contains
tapioca to help cleanse the hair and it
also has silica in it which is really
going to volumize your hair so when
you're looking for like a lift to start
the day off and more volume within your
hair it's a great product that I've
found to use before using any other
products because it really helps just
lift and keep a fuller lighter look
that's the hair done ready to go out
there's zero control so this is where
I'm going to be using the brute local
spray it's going to get really nice
matte texture and it's going to get me
control to my hair again it's just gonna
coast me through nicely so let's give it
a go I can already feel it working into
my hair every sets in I start to feel
the protective building I'm starting to
get more control where I shape it and
styling so it's as simple as that a hair
from texturized that you cleanse this
really is a very convenient bottle with
small pocket size and take it anywhere
with you and if you ever need a freshen
up then this is one of those hair
products it's gonna get you out of the
mud so very convenient but I'm ready to
you've enjoyed it and I'd say that the
weather shock waves dry schampoo
texturizing sprays have both done a
fantastic job my hair is still in good
form in my opinion
I've really enjoyed using the products
today and I will continue to use them if
you would like to know any further
information about the weather shortwaves
products of course I'll be leaving them
in the description box below as always
so make sure you go and check those out
gonna be cutting Joe's beer
we've got an amazing tool that was in
cutting yeah yeah we're not doing to
it is obviously because it's very useful
when you're cutting for the first time
but also I like to support black
businesses because it is not that many
of them out there and now businesses
like Forbes GQ
is only forty nine to five so it's not
that expensive it comes with a bonus and
then I've showed you so you get this and
you get the pen and then this is how the
web websites are the cop buddy's calm as
you can see lime juice here perfectly so
if you want to try this at home and or
you just a what's the word or your
barroom that I'm going to practice on
your friends or wherever this is a great
way for you to get that perfect shape up
every time cuz I know guys take that is
my little cousin from a male's
perspective yeah my two cents would be
there I love it obviously like I said II
I was quite nervous for her to do it
obviously she's she's been an amazing
job
yeah the lines perfectly
smooth and here like I said if you all
i don't normally do much don't really do
things like this unless unless i know
that you are going to enjoy it and i
genuinely really like the product and
you probably already know the company
audible if you don't you should do
because they're cool and zoey and i use
their I wouldn't say every night I'd say
good life percentage of nicer and
especially Zoe while she's falling
asleep we always listened
two different books or audible if you
don't already know what it is is I
I said yes audible what it is so
basically ball is like audio books so
instead of reading a book it's like
spoken out loud so you can listen to it
wash you're falling asleep on the train
and you don't have to be awake enough to
read the book so sometimes oh and I
listened to them whilst we're just
falling asleep but they go in touch the
other day and they just wanted to get
some of you guys started with like free
book to start you off which is cool so
I'll leave a link on the screen
somewhere where you can just check out
the website go get a free book if you
want and start 30-day free trial but I
and I basically got this pair of shoes
from Le Daphne oh these little bad boys
here which I'm going to be wearing today
now they literally have the coolest
thing inside these shoes let me try show
you hang on so I don't know if you can
see it from here they have this like
cloud fame thing it's cool and it's like
this squidgy base with I'm trying to
push it so you can see it be Han pretty
serious basically meant to be very
comforting for you to wear so I'm going
to try these out for the day and see how
comfortable they are but from trying
them and squishing them I think my feet
are going to be very happy with them
through and stuff still in my silly my
shoes so then and my feet still so
lovely and comfortable so I'm going to
because we got a new mattress the other
day and it is bloody amazing so I wanted
guys can see I oh my god
it's made my sleeping so much better
already like I don't want to get out of
bed in the morning
we've had a delivery today that we're
really excited about and it's a Casper
mattress and we've both heard of them
before birth yeah so we put it in a
super king size that wasn't me
yeah we're gonna unbox it and change up
my mattress I'm really excited too
because yeah if any of you know I
haven't sold me I'm hoping help yeah and
yeah it just helps everything because
Jason's got a bad spine and with the
pregnancy and everything it can be
tricky to sleep so hopefully this can
help if you wondering why were in the
wear it I'm so excited to sleep on this
mattress tonight like I know that's such
a nerdy thing but honestly it's oh I
can't wait I wanted to let you guys know
that I'm gonna put a special link down
below for this mattress and also I'm
gonna have a promo code so if you guys
use it you can get $50 off and then it's
gonna be Casper com4 Sammy
was looking at everything to do with the
mattress and it says it's made with
springy latex and also supportive memory
foam so it's good combination also they
do free shipping so yeah but you guys
might like to know hey guys it's Sunday
different more of a kind of lifestyle
video and it's sponsored by Invisalign
so some of you might know that recently
I've been wearing they're almost
invisible braces and lots of people ask
questions since I've had them how does
it work how does it beep you what's the
treatment be like I'm almost at the end
of it now and I've been super happy with
it and so what it's make a video to say
thank you to this line and I've done it
like now when you walk in they scan your
teeth with this kind of magical camera
which makes this 3d model so you can
kind of rotate it and see everything and
then you can also see step-by-step how
it's going to change so you can see
right to the finished product like what
its gonna look like at the end which was
really cool and yeah so I kind of knew
okay guys so we've arrived to our hotel
we're staying at the Waldorf Astoria
Anthony Harold's fancy ha
it's amazing the service and I too know
what it is about a good hotel it's the
way that people make you feel when you
walk in veteran make you feel very
welcomed and it's so important I think
my number one thing when it comes to
staying anywhere I'm going to show you
let's have a look here here's the room
lovely it's elegant it's gorgeous
look at this but for me the thing that
going to use this you guys might have
seen is from IPR unboxing this is a
hydrating supercharged concentrate do it
is really really good hydration and for
me after a flight is absolutely perfect
this is in a gel formula and for me I
prefer gel it
that's got lots of oil in it but even if
you have oily skin your skin still needs
really good moisture and I find that if
I don't give my skin the moisture it
means it will go crazy
oh and it only costs $34.99 it is much
beautiful naturally I know I know I know
a lot about
yeah it's nicer just give yourself a
little bit of a treatment and get off of
designer but basically I bought a bunch
of stuff on far-fetched because they
have a sale on and these are Alexander
McQueen sandals and they're so amazing
and I got them for 130 pounds down from
like three hundred and something pounds
we have now left and the waldorf-astoria
we had an amazing to mean that we have
fun here in LA we're in the Virgin
lounge and which you have access from
our ticket which is amazing
this challenge is all to do with sleep
so Temper mattresses have sent me this
challenge to see if sleep can help me
achieve something that I've never done
before really really just push my
boundaries and see if a good night's
sleep is going to help with this so
Kendra man chooses
have these incredible foam mattresses
and pillows so I've got them I've had
them for a couple of weeks my absolutely
love them I'm going to show you actually
let's see here we go this is the
mattress and I don't know if you guys
are familiar with memory foam mattresses
but they are so comfortable it's like
you just mold into them and it's just so
cozy I love them this is what I want to
do I just like like putting my hand in
and then seeing it is so good and
there's also got the pillows as well
I'll show you them at first from I am
first got them and I pulled them out of
the cover I was like wow these feel
really different and then selected them
and they just so amazing it's like your
head just moves into them again here we
go so this is what it looks like as you
can see like it's not as firm almost as
the mattresses and that's what I thought
memory foam pillows were like okay
they're going to be exactly like the
mattress rest for your pet basically
like smaller versions of mattresses like
a little mini mattress but they're not
they're like designed in a different way
they're softer and like more more
squishy and just so cozy see I've got
those got my two pillows got my mattress
a video with Lenore for their fabric
conditioner and since then I'm like I've
become slightly obsessed with it the
point where like I'm telling all my
friends about how good to smell pretty
and Jemima then I was telling her about
this fabric conditioner and she was like
oh my god have you tried the unstoppable
stuff for your gym gear and I was like
no what is it
and then the nor contacted me and asked
me if I wanted to do a video with them
about the unstoppable range and I was
like hell yeah because we already use it
so basically what it is find mine sees
that all my body can actually smell and
everything already good these are the
lavish and basically they are in wash
scent boosters so if you're washing
anything really sinky like gym gear
hence my personal trainer recommended
them to me she was like if you're
washing your trainers or gym gear it
just gets rid of any smells and just
makes us all really nice I've since been
using it mainly for like gym get dog
towels towels in general things that
kind of tend to get a little bit stinky
like if they get wet whatever and that
was kind of just become addicted to it
and I'm using it on everything and
what's really good about using it for
traveling is that the scent actually
lasts a really long time so you know
when you're packing your suitcase and
you want to like open it up when you get
there after a really long flight and
have your clothes smelling like really
fresh and nice and like home and yeah so
the scent just last very long time so
you can kind of like I know that if I
pack everything in my suitcase is still
going to smell good like at the end of
the week when I'm like unpacking and
repacking so changing hotels three times
in five days this is our utility room
there's a lot of washing going on right
now oh the other thing that it's really
good for is like you're smuggling stuff
makes it more really good
do we find basically you pour a few of
these in with your washing and you can
put like just a few in if you're doing a
little wash and you don't want like a
in if you've got something really stinky
like dog towels or smelly trainers yes
and it makes them smell nice I also
and big thank you to Lenore for
sponsoring this vlog with that
UNSTOPABLES range my gym gear is still
smelling super fresh even after her 11
hour flight actually I will the city on
the flight as well as that bad don't
tell anyone it still smells nice I will
to the world our canons are the tools
that bind this whole story together
which is why we feel so incredibly
privileged to this week to be working
with the people that created these
cameras Canon they told us about their
new campaign which is about living for
the story in how a photograph could be
so much more than just a filament they
wanted us in our own way to talk about
the story behind the photograph so our
idea was to find a pertinent photograph
for us that represented a particular
story in our lives a photograph that
made us feel that moment all over again
that made our minds almost bloom with
memories of that particular time in our
lives then we go back to the place the
photo was taken all these years later so
that's what we're doing today we both
knew the photo we wanted to use for this
campaign the only problem we had was
it's an incredible prize so definitely a
different not folk to even just the
camera alone is such a nice prize I've
been you yeah well you need to be able
to talk about that basically we've got a
cannon one of the new kind of empires to
give away then we go and get it and I've
been flocking on it all week as well so
I can tell you like first times that
it's a really really great little camera
especially if you're into like rocking
or blogging or whatever this is the bad
boy here that you can actually win this
this week all the all the details are
down below in the description on how you
can go about winning this cannon outside
where we'll be changing we'll be using
this from now on I think for you're
dropping camera and we not have to get
that I think they might ask for it back
but I might just say I lost it details
on how to win that down below and the
amazing trip 365 days or just find a
really nice totally took one summer and
tagged Canon UK and on Instagram and I
think back and live for the story and
then in the description of your photo
just write down what's a teen whatever
do you mean - yeah where you are in your
life from white up photos
poignant for you get incredible prices I
think it's a really fun competition well
I love it today is I love going through
old photos anyway yeah I really enjoyed
this we because it was a hardcore I mean
we were doing it i already have this on
earlier it's the Max Factor smoothie
that miracle primer so I didn't need to
put any more of that on this feels so
soft you guys know I bang on about
putting primers ohms it just holds
everything in place but this one feels
really nice and soft on your skin and
just perhaps everything and then we've
used the miracle touch foundation I've
already had this for a few years so I
knew I was going to like this but it has
a brand new swanky beautiful packaging
it is actually really beautiful I like
gold and that's actually very pretty I'm
obsessed with compacts as well with
cushions in and this is really good just
to get that nice really like flawless
finish and plus it's easy just to carry
around and top up as you go through the
day the consistency of this guy's if you
have tried it before is beautiful it
goes on really really soft and satiny
and just turns actually quite matte on
your skin because I get really greasy so
it's good to get rid of any shine and
then we've used this really pretty blush
it by Max Factor and I'm laughing
because I'm already on my third part of
this this is the max back to excess
shimmer you might recognize it from some
of my videos and my favorite ones in
copper so we put that on today yes I'm
wearing a lipstick I can't believe
someone has actually managed to get
lipstick on me and it actually looks
really nice because this is really
natural it looks really pink here but I
think it looks really nice when it goes
on your lips and then with you some
masterpiece glamour extensions mascara I
love the black brown one of this but the
black one today let's really nice and
then we've used a lip liner and then a
little bit of eyeliner you know what I'm
like this is the excess intensity and
actually I think that it's really pretty
mainly because it's brown so if you
don't like smoky eyes like me stick with
a brown
mean Valle so I thought maybe I could be
your new roommate lots of love
Google home oh well why not let's test
you out come on in
going to be working with L'Oreal
professionals so I thought that you guys
could come along with me to that because
it will be quite a nice evening and some
also be quite fun to mention that you
can also enter a competition with Allah
and scared yogurt you can win return
flights for to to Reykjavik in Iceland
where you'll have private transfers for
nights accommodation in a four-star
hotel and breakfast for two adults with
blue lagoons trips for two and a
Reykjavik food walking tour for two
adults and travel insurance as well all
you have to do is upload your own little
recipe to Instagram and use the hashtag
to share my skin so yeah I just thought
that was a nice little competition to
mention that I've never been to Iceland
today must night and tonight at the
sense beach hotel it's really really and
will relax will okay I will show you the
room bird it's a bit of a methylene head
little sneak peek it's very very bright
let's say looking also glamour on the
old bald Khan enjoying the Sun so it's
Alex and Virant I've come to Ibiza and
it's gonna be blue it's going to be
crazy
we've come to Ibiza it's going to be a
lot of fun we've literally just got here
I believe that taps pronounce the SH
wire and I've heard very very very good
things about it when I say some friends
who have been tied me to sport I was
saying here they're pretty jealous so it
should be pretty cool some pretty
colorful spaceship looking bets over
here we've got it all we've got the
party stuff here you know we've got some
more party bits down here you know where
because we ordered this mattress in a
box and so we're probably going to be
sleeping on the floor with no like bed
frame for like a long time because it
takes forever the JumpShip best brains
so right now if you have the sun bucks
with a lion on it so we're going to set
it up so that we have somewhere to sleep
and I love these mattresses in a box
they just they're like the perfect like
like firmness you know the not yourself
not too firm and they're so cool they
just like come to your house in a box
we are upgrading to a king size what
this is so efficient I recommend getting
a mattress in a box sweet it's going to
like expand apparently for the next like
2 to 5 hours so we shouldn't go on it
PS I will put a discount code down below
for y'all $50 off but what the TV goes
I've got this lovely crawler as either
close beside that order shut it GT flop
crawler hair it's like diamante gold
beautiful and it's cuffs which is a shoe
horse a horse shoe shoe balls I'll show
you with a little star hanging of it and
then I've got an odd hexagon just here I
gave them a souvenir so then got a
little
Jack's necklace on which is absolutely
gorgeous and starts with an actress
peeking through different lattice lace
up detail in hair and then rings stacked
stars they're two little Halfmoon eggs
then we got a little crescent moon here
and a little little hungry eye which is
very very cute and then I've got another
strawberry slit on Heather all the
Masters in here they would do the most
beautiful like delicate jewelry which is
great like stacking a layer in and just
adding a little bit of a delicate touch
to more of my statement outfit I haven't
shown my shoes but these boots when you
me for all the divine jewelry all links
to everything I've worn in this video
will be down below including the jewelry
just really quickly tell you about this
awesome competition that canon are
running you can win a trip around the
world it's probably the best competition
that I've seen for a while actually and
it's super easy to enter all you have to
do is upload to Instagram your most
memorable summer story using hashtag
live for the story and app mentioning
Canon UK and describe your summer story
in no more than 50 words that's all you
have to do to enter the competition you
win the competition you're going to be
sent around the world chasing summer for
a year I think that sounds pretty
amazing not every single country is
eligible so make sure to check out the
terms and conditions which I've linked
in the description you also have to be
over the age of 18 yeah everything you
need to know is links also go and check
out the post that I posted telling you
guys about the competition as well on my
you now this is the Kinder Bueno and
then there's also came to bueno white I
need both hands to over there so this is
what you get inside you get two bars but
an individually wrapped is really happy
i love how you meet there because the
bars are really thin you can wake up
little squares if you wanted to you can
see the milk chocolate covered wafer in
the middle the different kind of tastes
and textures mixed together is like oh
my gosh it's like heaven it's so so good
you get like the milk chocolate plus the
wafer plus the creamy nut filling it
literally all melt in your mouth and
it's like so so so delicate by indulgent
and so thank you so much for kinder
bueno pushing me outside my comfort zone
today giving me a really fun and
different Monday and it's been such a
treat literally to collaborate with such
an amazing brary yeah you see what I did
that you see I've literally loved every
minute of today including the eating and
the driving I'd basically loved it also
it's been a really fantastic day and I
am back out on travels again I'm now in
Ibiza with a speaker company called
multimap ears we've just arrived and the
villa that we're staying in is a 10
million pound villa its massive it's got
like three pools all different like
rooms
came along and said Mitch lacks if
you've got any ideas we'd like to work
with you and we came back with the idea
that we would move to bath and that
would be the idea for to work with his
partner and they liked the idea and they
said let's go so that's why we're in
bath that the partner we talked about is
is compared to market calm they
specialize in finding really good deals
on things like insurance health
insurance pet insurance travel insurance
broadband deals everything you need to
fill out when you leave house yeah so
it's not specifically just for people
mean we have you need to meet whenever
but for us it's like we were changing
everything all that wants I don't know
when we would have done it if it wasn't
for those guys from them because they
gave us everything new to do there's no
thank you from the bottom of our heart
it means a lot and yeah you should go to
kepada market that I have my little lady
cave and that we've been able to move so
quickly we need things like health
insurance pet insurance energy and we
don't really have the time at the moment
to go around looking for good deals so
they're going to do all the hard work
for us so I'm going to be using now to
get us all set up and I think that's
going to be using them again and a few
months time because I think he was to
get another vestra saved anythin for the
anyways please go check them out if you
want to see if you can go save yourself
some money
with us and Cadbury's puddles so last
weekend Andrew and I were invited down
to puddles town in Dorset celebrate the
launch of the new cadbury dairy milk
puddles so as you're about to see we had
such a lovely day in the town there was
adventure a for you and B because I want
to remember these lovely moments we're
getting the London Midland train down we
always get the train down to London
because it's just the easiest thing to
do for us but London Midland have some
cool things going on at the moment which
I thought I would tell you about at the
very start of this video so they don't
forget throughout the day or get you
know discombobulated with all the other
things going on so number one we're
going on London Midland as I've said
it's really handy for us because it's
direct we don't have to faff around with
like driving or traffic jams or worrying
about congestion charges if you're going
into London and parking when you get
then all that business - I have an offer
on for my viewers at the moment so it's
a big discount on tickets it is for a
limited time only in there are T's and
C's so that is linked below if you would
like to come and see that and three
London Midland currently have a thing
called motion which is like you can
watch films and team like shows and
entertainment and they've got some
pretty good titles on there especially
for kids they've got secret life of pets
and minions and I think they've got
Thomas & Friends which made me log his
train watching about train why on a
train so I think that's gonna really
really enjoy that that will make my life
a lot easier and just makes traveling
with kids a lot more fun a lot easier so
I've done the challenge and I'll let you
know how it went I won't tell you too
much about it I will leave a link down
below the same day as this goes up the
driving challenge will go up so go down
below show it some labs smash the thumbs
chill out I thought would be a nice time
for me to sneak away and to tell you
about an app that I've actually been
using and loving now for around two
years and they contacted me recently and
I was more than happy to work with them
on this because it's something that I
already use and already loved and
already want to show you guys because
it's amazing it's an app called clue and
I already know that a lot of you use it
and I honestly recommend this to
everybody I know I made papi get it I
actually have her as a friend on it so
we can track each other's periods which
sounds crazy but it's so useful
you don't believe me there you go I'm
sure she doesn't mind me saying this but
I actually made her come on because
that's what happens with females you
hang around a lot you're in sync and
that's exactly what happened if you
don't know what clue is it is an app to
track your menstrual cycle but not just
that it's also tells you the days that
you are most fertile and you can track
your moods your sleep patterns your skin
so I've actually been putting this in
and very detailed for a very long time
and honestly I love it I don't just love
it because it can like remind you when
you're due on and it kind of explains
things also but I really like that it
traces the different patterns so when
I'm feeling particularly emotional or
stressed I will put that in as like PMS
and then it kind of contains all that
information and will then tell you like
you're going to be PMSing next week or
with my headaches so yesterday I knew my
headache was related to my period
because whenever I come on I always have
really really awful headaches and
sometimes I'd be like why have I got
such bad headache if they haven't drunk
enough like how I've been staring at
screen for too long today you don't need
to go get my eyes checked and I can
literally look at my phone and be like
nope because I track headaches the first
couple of days or the day before my
period every single month and then it
kind of reminds me and it makes complete
sense
um so for any of you that want to track
your period but also it predicts your
next one or you just like being able to
track things like that like the amount
of sleep you have and how much that can
like differ during the month and all
those all those insightful details I
really really like it for that and also
the more things you track the more
accurate their predictions can be for
your next period so if we look at my
last one because we're all friends here
you will see if I touch this open
I tracked at the start heavy
this was my pain so I've got cramps and
a headache C headache every time and I
always forget I tracked my emotion as
sensitive sleep as 69 hours my sleep
never really varies my energy was low my
mental state was distracted and you can
pick which ones you want so if some of
them don't apply to you then you don't
have to have them now I already use this
app and so being able to tell you about
it was an absolute no-brainer because I
love it and I recommend it to absolutely
everybody I wish I'd had this when I was
younger because I would get so worried
and be like why why is my period not
starting I don't know I've forgotten
when it's supposed to start and if I'd
had this app the whole time
I think it would have taught me a lot
and it would have made more sense and I
don't know I just really really liked it
I use it every month so if you like the
sound of that and you also think it
might be good for you then you can
download the app for free from the App
Store and also Google Play and I will
leave a link in the description box so
you can go on over and click that and
download it let's see if the boys have
lipstick so I've got 12 shades here of
beat one it's all the shades of the
Bourjois Rouge velvet the lipsticks
I've got 12 of these lipsticks so
there's like corals pinks reds or like
this gorgeous kind of deep ready Brown
that's like really fun so I've got
bright red trousers like trying to feel
like I should go for a red um they're
like super-bright long-lasting though
they're like not bright that's from the
wrong word they're bold colors but
they're supposed to last it's 24 out
song gonna do a little like test today
see if they do I think I may go for this
one
this is Ruby's cute I mean I think that
matches my chokers
oh I don't know which one I think I like
this one but it really is cute
yeah there's like 12 of them all
different ones but I love them this kind
of pinky color I'm all about pinks that
are like almost nudes but Pink's so yeah
these are supposed to be like super
super cultural on the lip almost like
kind of a second skin if that makes
sense instead of being like a lipstick
that's like drying but it's still matte
love the pink but I can't really wear
pink from wearing red trousers Oh No
well go for a red red spun so this is
Ruby's cute number eight I percent
they're twelve now they've got this
awesome shape bullet which is gonna make
application so easy well I mean I'm
assuming I use a lot of lipstick so from
seeing this I think this is gonna be a
winner it just if you look it looks like
it they like to sit on the lip so let's
apply this red and see how it goes it's
so smooth I love the fact it like sits
on the lip I don't know like that makes
sense it like just sit it's always like
I just have to swipe Wow
and the small side just fits and I keep
it's like now he's acting mad I'm almost
like why do brands bother doing like the
pointed bullet because this is so easy
see how this lasts I mean is applied
really nicely feels really smooth like
but not like not like it's gonna move
like feels like it's gonna stay but it
doesn't feel dry yet I mean it could
could go dry I don't know we'll see but
I'm liking how it looks right now so I
unload it come back get another load lip
update it feels like it's set I feel
like house like kiss something there's
like nothing there so yeah but it's not
drying like I don't feel like I'm like
like sometimes Jim matte lipsticks but
it just feels like it's set it's really
it's really odd sensation that normally
one her we're like liquid lipsticks or
matte lipsticks I'm I feel like I can't
smile and I'm like and I'm not I feel
like I've got like resting face but so
that's great and I'm gonna eat so we'll
do the taste test see if it can handle
the food but I don't actually know what
really good the lipstick has performed
extremely well and it got a hundred
percent
trip Thompson scene I sent us out to
three locations as a big shout for
having us and this is the first one
first video from our bare and big thanks
to Thompson scene for having us again
here with recorder League I've worked
with record league before you guys know
I'm sure you remember and it's one of my
favorites kind of side of brands so I'm
really excited to be working with them
again the brand record league is
obviously a Swedish brand this is where
they're from recorded a campaign for the
next year is start the Swedish way so
they wanted to bring me out here just
before autumn starts to kind of show me
the Swedish way of life which is
obviously very like relaxed and
laid-back I'm so up for that and we
premium passionfruit cider I think that
one's my favorite a the premium wild
berry cider
oh so it's two of each - passion fruit -
wild berry I think my favorite is
passion fruit I have tried this one you
know I've never tried this oh I think
you do on my taste
that whole room just smells a bit nice
it feels good since this video is all
about spring cleaning if you would like
the chance to win some music-themed
Platt prizes that you
don't as you clean you can check out
super savvy Mikoto UK which is linked
below for you so if you don't I'm spell
it all over its links below and you can
go win some great prizes so go and check
that out and now we're gonna go check
southeastern basically go to like
different places promote go to can
because different kind of hidden gem
Caesar never hear of people going kind
of like Margate is absolutely amazing
and that's why we're going
back to very I can hour-and-a-half
straight to London which is awesome I'm
going to load worked on that I find I'm
so productive on train but this just
proves you can literally hop on a quick
train go and explore someone you I've
good it meant there was about an hour
and a half straight can slow the truck
for Marga I was really excited to
explore the southeast it was really
really good my first ever experience on
those trains actually I'm like I've ever
seen in cast but I think it's so nice to
go and have you can even have a day trip
now or a week and that and it's so easy
to do from st. Pancras yes I hope you
I'll leave all links answers below and
you can book in advance the
south-eastern and get the best fair
UK's priority offer which is 25 pounds
per person and that includes 30 minutes
priority entry and fast passes on Mo's
right so we're all super excited and
cannot wait to hit the road
so today's video is a super exciting
video it's my official announcement on
film of my partnership with lighten free
and Spotify if you follow me on social
media you probably would have seen a few
hints I'm here today to let you guys in
or what I've been getting up to
and what to come so throughout the year
of 2017 I'm going to be celebrating my
love for music with Spotify and light
and free and I'm going to show you guys
some exciting moments that I feel
Express Who I am and also allow me to
live life to the fullest so like every
wonderful to be able to take her along
with this really unique experience and
have her experience it with me as well
actually spent one night in the Ice
Hotel in the actual ice room that's the
room that is completely ice and it was
fashion I love beauty and I love to
express my love for those passions and
the light and free brand really does
embody this it's a Greek style yogurt
it's not percent fact and not percent
added sugar but 100 percent delicious
you guys should definitely join the fun
on the lighter freehub I'm going to
leave a link down below so you can click
through there's going to be lots of
posts playlists with my favorite kind of
music and there's going to be lots of
fun things and activities and
competitions coming up in the next few
weeks so guys I know you're waiting for
don't forget to check out the light and
freehub I'm going to leave a link down
below so you can check through and join
the fun if you're a fan of Ella Eyre
like me like free are going to be
hosting competition you can win an
intimate experience with her going to be
an intimate performance somewhere here
in London I'm going to be there a few
other creators are going to be there
it's going to be really fun we're going
to leave all the information down below
to click through enter a good luck and
Angeles California for an e a play event
obviously brought to you guys by EA re
playing Star Wars Battlefront 2 with
some awesome youtubers who actually
haven't met I'm really excited to go out
there and hang out with them I've got a
because I partnered up with Kinder Bueno
on this video to do their try a bit of
different challenge and I'm basically
going to do exactly that so I'm going to
do something later data is completely
out of my comfort zone like how I'm
the thumb they're one of the best days
about work on kinder Wayne is that you
have to try the product a little bit to
check this out a lovely box full where
no got some white chocolate ones in
there got some milk chocolate ones in
there this box is obviously a bit more
full but what can I say I'm a bit of a
fan then why can I have very different
tastes when it comes to chocolate bars
thank you so much to Kinder Bueno for
partnering with me on this video because
it was honestly amazing and it's fun to
host this today out so I hope you
checking out of the room me and Anna
it's such a convenient location for
the best real capital part it's very
really smooth that's exactly why I like
epilating anyway you won't have a new
epilator out and they sentence me and
I'm going to unbox it to you quickly in
the slog so it's a broad silk apple 9
and it's a skin spa version so this and
what's going on in this escalator said
it's a foreign one but basically it
comes that all these removable heads do
so many different things so I'm going to
unbox it and show you guys so it comes
with the charging point I always get
like a plug adapter if you don't have a
shader plug in your bathroom you can
just get the adapters on Amazon and plug
into a normal plug this little brush
cleans it I always lose mine so I'm
happy to have another one so this is the
epilator
it's really like lightweight ready for
sound I swear it sounds scarier than it
feels so it comes with the standard like
epilating head I really like this
because it's quite wide also it like
moves around which is good around your
knee joint comes with two exfoliating
brushes one like a bit more firm than
the other I really like to use these in
the shower before I'm going to fake tan
just realize that you might get sued on
my dress
I always use these on my legs around
like my knees and my ankles just really
exfoliate skin and get smooth before
tanning it's really good because you get
this little like head and you just clip
on that clip it on the escalator and you
can use it wet or dry so you can use it
in the shower I like to use it kind of
on damp skin but not in the shower like
what I've just got out the shower and
then they've also got this new one which
I haven't tried yet and it's like a
rubbery head and this is a deep massage
head so it like will stimulate blood
circulation and your leg I'm really
looking forward to trying this one
actually so that's got everything you
get all these like bits and bobs and
like just
heads themselves for those are the three
main that pay so I'm going to talk you
through today I don't know if you guys
are going to want to actually see me
epilate but I'm going to do my legs and
arms tonight because it's actually
really sunny tomorrow and I want to wear
a summer dress so it's so easy that I
can just do it now in like 10 minutes
before I cook dinner maybe I ought to
show you a bit of me doing my arms just
so you can see that it really doesn't
hurt okay I'm up here I'm going to
quickly do some of my arms and then I'm
going to do it properly tonight when I'm
in the shower
it's so quick okay none of that I'm
always trying to convert my friend to
escalate him I'm so glad that my friend
Keisha got me onto it that video is so
old but it's quite funny so I'll link it
to Sweden today we are going to be
taking part in the sunset relay which is
in Lapland and it's organized by Garnier
and the European Cancer League and it's
basically just to raise awareness about
the damage Sun can do to your skin and
protecting yourself accordingly so we
yeah it was it's just I feel totally
inspired and so motivated and to have
done it for such a good cause as well
I'm a big factor 50 wearer so spreading
awareness about sun damage is really
really important and especially at this
time of year it's boiling in England so
yeah it's it's just been such a surreal
experience and we're both just so
thankful to have taken part and I really
are heading to the X Factor contestants
house and we've teamed up a very play to
give the contestants very small packages
which include clothing accessories all
available on the very website and we're
gonna deliver them ourselves
to the X Factor house we got up quite
I'm wearing as well which is also or
from very dark red we came and very also
delivers a free next day delivery
service where you don't have to actually
stay at home work your order you can
actually get it to live it to a local
store which i think is amazing because I
hate raising em for deliveries and I do
order a lot of stuff online I'm wearing
side here we go so it's basically of Sky
Sports sports there some of the
challenges I'm your caveman is a cross
why challenge remote s1 Racing crazy
golf open batting challenge the multi
sports mentally exclusive sky schools
experiences oh and of course as a
barbecue is that yeah I love that coming
up for you I'll share some you so yeah
it's basically like a mini sports day
now at school you have a different event
to know me like that and I'm going to
win everything we have arrived at sky
location unknown they were in London's
anyway but that's because me and rich
have a new mattress arriving this
morning and I'm really excited actually
ago two orbits ago and Simba mattress go
and touch and offered to send us a new
mattress and just want to this video so
I gave them a little look up online
because I hadn't heard of them before
and they have really really good reviews
online so I was well up for that and the
mattress is arriving this morning so we
are going to get rid of this old one
well it's not loud but we're going to
try out this new one which is a
completely different type of mattress
the one we already have so I'm excited
to give it a go
something I was really interested to try
out is the memory foam aspect of the new
mattress this old on we have is just
proud so I'm hoping that the new kind of
memory foam mattress will be a lot more
comfy it's arrived look genius didn't
even realize it was going to come in a
box this was so easy to get up to our
flap because our old mattress we had to
pretty sure this one you get a hundred
night free trial so if you don't like it
you could send it back and that's like a
good enough time to test it as well I
planet organic quick to grab some food
I say food it's more like snacks and
below this I need it
so I got three packs of these these are
the loops protein person literally the
best thing in the world they're so tasty
I promise you but obviously they're
healthy but everyone that comes around
has and they're like okay they're
actually amazing pop of these which just
have one now a clip protein bar they're
dead decent as well so yeah I've got
them for tomorrow actually for the
I've come on a trip with bourgeois and
it's nice to be back been a little while
in our beautiful hotel room the hotel is
called hotel Bashar mall and it's so
nice we haven't really had a chance to
look around much but we just checked in
and my room is beautiful it's like a
lovely mix between modern and classic
very pretty and very happy to be here
very excited to sleep in this bed so
of the products that I'm here to learn
about is actually a foundation and I'm
sure you guys know the Bourjois healthy
mix foundation it's been around forever
definitely one of my favorites because
it's very like gooey and light and easy
to wear I've always really liked it but
they've actually we formulated it so
this is the new one the packaging is
slightly different it's still called the
Bourjois healthy mix foundation and
we're going to put it on now for you on
camera so you can see I'm actually
learning about it today I found out a
little bit about it already but today
difference the original formula this
one's like packed full of vitamins and
it gives you that jewy fresh light skin
it's very radiant boosting so you really
get that glow for me it's like the
perfect weekend foundation but if you
like a light to medium coverage then
it's like an everyday foundation as well
says I make that it's 16-hour wearing so
I could probably test out today if I put
it on now yeah I reckon I'll be wearing
this for 16 hours today so I'm going to
test out the 16 hour where I'd always
the skin I also love the smell of his
foundation the same smell as the old
formula it's very like
pretty fresh so when I applied it
really nice pump you know some
foundations when you pump the product it
just gives you like one massive square
product you can't really control it this
was really easy to control which I
really like in the foundation I didn't
realize I did until I kind of noticed
that with this one by the way guys I am
brand like tweaks the formula they
haven't completely changed it's not
going to upset old customers that love
this foundation it's just a slight tweak
to make it a little bit better I think
it's great right I'm going to get on
excited because very dr. dot uk' are
taking me to the x-factor live shows now
I have been watching it every single
week this year so I know all of the acts
and I cannot wait to see them perform in
real life and very have also been kind
enough to provide me with my outfit for
black but this is the dress and it's
this really lovely like knitted wool
navy blue dress with this really pretty
white scalloped edge collar and it's
also got the white cuffs as well it's
really nice and tight fitting it's long
sleeves it's wool it's really warm
it's just like the perfect winter dress
and I will definitely be wearing this on
tonight my whole outfit can be purchased
on vary code at UK and I will leave the
links to everything down below in the
description box very also offers a free
Next Day Delivery Service through
collect Plus which is amazing because
that's probably the one downfall with
online shopping is either paying for
delivery or choosing the free option but
having to wait like five to seven
working days that's the worst
is firstly this blouse which I
absolutely love it's so me it's just
like a lovely loose-fitting chiffon e
blouse and it has this beautiful
embellished collar with little flowers
with little beads and also you might not
be able to tell but it's got like a
double layer so it's just much nicer
than just having like it's going
straight down I love this because it's
really girly but still really cool at
the same time and then I've decided to
pair the blouse with this skirt which is
a lovely black denim high-waisted skirt
with the buttons going down the front
which is very very on-trend right now
very literally has a massive variety of
clothes to suit everyone it's basically
like an online Negus
there is so much and everything's really
on trend and qhorin and like I said just
variety for all different styles and I'm
favorite part of the outfit which is the
coat it's actually a cape but it's just
my favorite thing ever
it's amazing it's this black like faux
Pony skin okay the light is making it
really hard to show it on camera but you
will see it in the vlog it's just this
beautiful black like faux Pony skin cape
with a satin lining and it's just so so
super stylish and sleek you can
literally put this over anything it
would just make it look fantastic it's
so sophisticated I'm on a stage of
itching to get this on I love it so much
it just makes me feel like a movie star
is amazing and finally the shoes I'm
gonna be wearing today are these
beautiful black suede chelsea boots from
Miss kg and they are so lovely they're
slightly pointed but not too pointed I
really don't like pointy boots and a
little like Cuban heel and it's the
perfect heel height to me because I do
like to be a bit lifted and not wear
like fully flat boots and these like the
perfect heel height they're probably
about like one to two inches so enough
to give you a bit of a lift but not full
on wearing heels I absolutely love these
these are perfect for winter I'm not
going to take them off and obviously
today they're going to look amazing with
we're here with camper gecko the wine
company in fact my favourite red wine
happy I'm also in Copenhagen oh my god
recovering and so exciting I'm actually
letting this hopper on a video today
which is very exciting I think this is
my first video collab so yeah you know
it really it means a lot policy means a
lot and I'm in Copenhagen as well and
you know I love traveling so hope I have
actually challenged us to do Copenhagen
on a budget because they've done a
report and Copenhagen is the third most
expensive place to you know Holiday Inn
to thank Poulter for working with me on
this video they've got a competition
running or hosting our hacks competition
where you can win a mill for two at a
really nice restaurant in London the
lorries to do is upload a picture of
your travel hack whatever you may have
to do whether it's walking 30,000 steps
to avoid paying for public transport or
you know maybe you found a really great
free activity to do let me know and it
really sucks I love obviously love
traveling off you love saving money I
think my money saving video is one of my
most popular and a lot of you another
one like that
so yes make sure you enter and good luck
soon so I've got really nice summer
colors that I want to show you this box
has just arrived this is from sunny
hansen sec and it's a new range which is
called color therapy it's really really
up for my street because i'm quite low
maintenance with my nails and i like
this being really good condition so what
they've done with this range is they've
blended the color with argan oil and
also a couple of other oils as well it's
some sort of a complex of oils to really
help to strengthen and repair your nails
if they're you know flimsy
flaky fragile which mine are at the
really like about it is that you don't
need a base coat so it's got all the
care that you need in the actual formula
so no base plate straight in with color
and it caring for your nails while you
color them basically and there's also a
topcoat in the range as well
all and there's nail and cuticle oil so
all of this very good for me for sort of
getting back with it with my nails
because I didn't really paint them that
much when I was pregnant and I'm looking
forward to using some really nice color
fades in the summer now there are 38
shades all together and they've been
created in partnership with Madeline
poule who's their global color
ambassador I know there's a massive
thing to pink at the moment so I've
pulled up some Pink's here so what's
this one called
oh my magenta that one really into these
sort of quite bubblegummy Pink's at the
moment I put loads more information in
the description box below that these are
all available only at Boots and that is
from the 12th of April so now basically
proud sponsors of capital Summertime
Ball so this morning we're going to a
future Breakers live event basically
what this is it's a talent search to
find unsigned artists and I think this
is really exciting because you know me
in India we love fighting a new and
unsigned artist so I'm really excited to
see some of the floors to say by lorry
who is the winner of the huge Vegas
competition is actually going to be
opening at the summertime book it has
80,000 people which is such an
incredible opportunity so I know I said
loaded I got so if any of you guys are
unsigned artists then there's a
competition that you can enter next year
I've kinda figure I've definitely oh I
think it's amazing opportunities so
definite if you are an unsigned artist
this may be for you
lot so very kindly let me pick whatever
I wanted off their website but I
upgraded a few bits in the house that
needed replacing either because they
were broken or they were just very very
old I'm also filming on a new camera
right now which are
very as well I picked out a few things
that would give my work life and my home
life a bit of a boost and upgrade so in
a way this talk will kind of have a bit
of a home within it because you'll get
to see the naughty items that I got from
very and throughout the blog and I was
I'll link everything in the description
letter always do anything you see be it
close via these items I'm showing you
from very anything we'll be linked in
the description and now one good thing
about this new coffee machine is that I
can actually fit these mugs underneath
why I upgraded to the Canon 700d they
look pretty much identical this one is a
little bit lighter but I cannot tell you
how glad I am that I got this for two
lifesaver for me it saved me so much
time when it comes to filming all my
little cutaways for my videos but the
other features I'm happy about is the
fact it has touch screen I can now touch
on the screen to what I want to focus on
which again just makes life so much
easier it makes filming so much quicker
so if I've got the camera in front of me
here I can flip the screen round and I
can just change the settings here on the
screen rather than having to fiddle
around with them here yeah it's
basically same camera but I can use
touch screen and it has autofocus while
still meant those two little things just
make my life so much easier
I'm so so happy with it I am going to
I'm so much happier with this one we can
fit so much more into this fridge
freezer it's so much more organized and
so I just really like what they look
like we've got them a couple of weeks
ago and I've been cooking with them
every single day
they're such good quality and then
actually nonstick it is just completely
up my cooking game I'm in a void of
so much - very for collaborating with me
I'm always so grateful to work with
brands I love and use its system it's a
bonus
working with people that you love hope
and basically on the 10th of September
I'm going to be in the Regent Street
Hollister store for both fashion night
out if any of you don't know what that
is actually I only know what is because
once I actually did like a catwalk and a
modeling job or both fashion night outs
but quite a lot of the shops open till
really late and they kind of have a big
event they usually do like discounts and
they have drinks and I know it's just
kind of like a shopping event basically
on Oxford Street in Regent Street that's
like to do with both and I was really
really vain there and thought someone
just talked to me I think it was bad but
basically I'm going to be in the
Hollister store and they're going to
have like a braid bar loads of discount
and I'm going to be there helping you
guys pick stuff out if you want and that
kind of thing so it'd be really really
great to see some of you know because I
do get a lot of tweets from you all and
asking me to do a meet-up and obviously
I've never done that before I'm still
quite new to all of this so I didn't
really know how it worked I thought that
would be like a really good opportunity
for you guys to all come so do let me
know in the comments or tweet me if
you're going to come down and see me I
just show you my bikini because I've
been wearing it today and I absolutely
love it
I got it sent to my Pierre box and it's
my brand called South Beach and it's
just so cute like got little flamingos
on it and it's a halter neck and it
comes down like you know I don't know
they describe it it has a little thrill
on the palm then it comes down and eyes
no I just think it's very cute
my favorite we actually saw this film in
the cinema and when we came out I
couldn't stop tweeting about it because
that is just so much it's also got Jamie
Foxx in it and he's and Dreamgirls
i love cheffy fox any things and I
absolutely know that when Jamie Fox
things because obviously he was in that
song I saying she and girl dude an
actress that plays Annie in the film is
so cute she is incredible her singing
to us boss by playlist so you can listen
to them as well and dance around the
room like the gym we would love to see
you guys sing a hard-knock life and if
you do you can actually win a recording
studio session and shopping spree and
we're actually going shopping today so I
would kind of love a shopping spree
it scares me recording studio you could
do this by like a Twitter video or a
Instagram what we'll do is we'll leave
the links in the description box because
that's a pretty awesome prize that's
something that I would going for I love
pineapple flow and also make sure you
check out the anni film which is out on
the 27th of April on DVD and blu-ray
feeling very good today because we have
been commissioned by BBC Worldwide as
part of the real Happiness Project to
get out in nature at a later you know
you're going to go out there's studies
that show that you know being out in
nature can make you feel more relaxed
can help leave stress help with anxiety
and actually a lot of us I'm not getting
out as much as you possibly can so we're
it is crazy just I'm I work with BBC
worldwide we want to encourage you guys
to get out and about even if you don't
do it that often like we don't just get
out there in nature take some shots and
beautiful imagery and share it with a
hashtag real happiness for a chance to
be shared on the BBC earth page which is
very cool also if you take some footage
you can upload it on the website or on
the app which will have some links in
the description bar to be featured on a
special BBC earth film so go check that
out if you're something you're
interested in and get involved we're
yeah before I go and do that I'm going
to encourage you guys to go and check
out the BBC earth unplugged YouTube
channel and have a link in the
description box down below and a video
called nature makes you happy really
good video there's even research that
suggests watching nature shows can make
you feel more relaxed and happier so if
you didn't have enough reasons to go
watch it now you do okay
really really exciting which is why
blogging and I'm going to be bringing
you guys along with me I'm going to tell
you an intro now but then you're going
to find out about it but it's basically
in collaboration with Malibu and they're
pranking an office today
scenes of a very big prank that they're
putting on all the people that work in
the office and I haven't seen it yet but
I think what they're doing is attaching
a slide like a slide out of an office
window like their boss's office all the
way down into a Malibu theme party and
it's going to be amazing but the people
instead they can be asked to like get it
wild and go crazy by going down a slide
and enjoying your life because summer
what a day what a cool idea like just
the whole concept of pranking an office
and just I don't know just being over so
awesome seeing everyone's reactions and
everyone was just so happy the whole
thing is about hashtag because summer
which is all about being spontaneous and
having fun and making it the best summer
you're ever going to have the best time
of your life
give it a thumbs up and of course I want
you guys to check out the official video
size in the behind the scenes the
official video which is awesome what's
going to be awesome is going to be epic
it's no shooting all day which I was
behind the scenes of so that's going to
see you all get your pranks and stuff
and there'll be a link just hour so make
sure you go check it out and I will see
it's awesome we are heading to
Babbington house with nina ricci as
like a dark API I use the obsessive Nina
but now I like this one more I've loved
Nina since I was about 15 yeah those are
first fragrance and I'm going to shoot
girly I love like my bohemian vibe and
that's what these fragrances and I think
out of both of them yours anymore
edgy definitely and I feel like newness
a bit more like so yeah heme that's you
you the darker side the dynamite has two
different sides not we are quite
love but we just want to say thank you
so much Nina Ricci for the most amazing
trip the other better we are the
reason flat is because you go boss
applying the out to New York City in a
few days time I need to get 50 for it so
I am going to see the spring-summer she
doesn't 18 menswear collection we're
sitting front row what's in the clothes
go by but also I'm hosting a live stream
for them to ibecause we do your
celebrity turn up I've been going
backstage after that the all the inner
what I'm wearing obviously head-to-toe
Hugo Boss today is what's today today is
the day where I'm doing like a teaser
video to get people interested in the
live stream so I think we're going to
this is entirely Hugo Boss obviously so
a really deep v-neck here which I'm
really digging and then a striped shirt
under it left all on Clark's plan
together slightly more relaxed vibe like
I said before the whole and ethos the
whole fort behind and the new
spring/summer 18 collection is like the
ease of Sun on it and something really
really easy so things like going on tux
and like undoing your buttons I've got
some shorts that kind of match my jumper
really well and also kind of complement
these shirts as well and then these
shoes are really nice basic white simple
type things with a nice and sort of
first one I'm very excited about because
this is a company that I've been talking
to for a while and I'm going to be
working with over the next few months
they're called road filled watches the
website comes up in dollars but they do
ship Internet
for free and if you click in the top
left then it comes up you can change it
into pounds I'm going to show you what
they've sent me I'm very excited thank
you yeah oh this is so cute it's
obviously packaged I have the press
release in front of me I basically
picked two watches and then I have four
bracelets
yeah from the new downtown chic
collection so it said it's a fine
jewelry line consisting of seven
different designs 15 different bracelets
to add that extra edge to your wrist
they come in different colors you've got
gold silver and rose gold they're really
gorgeous so everything I want to start
wishing to watch it I love my jewelry as
you can see and I have been in the
market for a new watch something I can
wear to blogger event to dinners Allen
things this one's from the Upper East
Side collection it's 99 pounds or the
packaging bag that's one key oh look at
that
so that's the first watch I'll link
everything below so you can go and have
I picked was from the West Village
collection I am in love of this so this
one's 89 pound and it's got a velvet
strap I still have a tag on but that
fits so beautifully look how nice that
is
I love it now you've seen the two
watches I picked I'm going to move on to
show you the jewelry to match okay seven
different bracelet in the collection and
I have two in two different colors I've
gone for silver and gold this are called
Christy and it's available in gold and
silver
I just thought these were really like
delicate and pretty and really easy to
wear so what I imagined is having the
gold bracelets with the gold watch and
then I also have one called Worcester
which is in gold silver needles do rose
rose gold in this one and it's really
simple bangle with a little Rose filled
tag on it so I have quite big wrists and
I often like find I've got a bangle and
this on I just have to slide quite
harshly on and off where this has a
really nice little clasp
there we go that's the Worcester
bracelet as well I really like that that
looks so nice together so I have a few
of my own bracelets on here but I also
have the Roseville ones in between here
in the middle which I absolutely love
they make a really nice addition and I
like that you can pair up or you can mix
metals there we go I've created my own
downtown chic style all I need to do is
find the right place to wear them you'll
probably see me sell this in another
would be such a lovely addition I really
love them the Worcester the solid gold
this 149 pound and then the crispy that
the it's like a solid line and then a
chain detailing and it goes the way
around this one is 39 pounds I like the
white faces as well it's really simple
and just really classy is very me so
thank you very much for your watches
I'm so happy oh that's so easy to undo
are just notice that you just click it
so have links to rows filled watches
below thank you very much to them for
working with me this week love them I
wore my watch out last night for dinner
and my mum said it looked really nice
because I had it in my insulin story I'm
going to be having a couple of drinks
this next part of this vlog is very
kindly sponsored by O'Neal's
who are an amazing chain of pubs here in
the UK so I'm going to take you along
for dinner
Megan and I as we celebrate their cider
makes summer campaign so I have not been
to this Oh nails before although I have
eaten at a little pubs in other places
on the UK but they have an amazing menu
they've got loads of drinks we just want
as you can see O'Neill clubs have a
limited edition side a menu with loads
of really awesome and sliders tried so
we had a few and they were delicious
having a really nice and safe RV a
caesarian Israeli night sweet again
we're trying different items my
favorites like that difficulty my nickel
free so there's been a long time
remaining voice acting to come on
yes
I have just got in from our dinner at
O'Neill's and we had a really nice time
they ended up having an open mic and
live music and it created a really nice
atmosphere the beer garden was really
popular there were loads of people out
there it was a little bit chilly for us
so we ate inside but that'd be such a
nice place to go and sit after work have
drinks with your colleagues or friends
it's a really nice pub vibe so he had
great selection of the menus super
affordable and the sliders were so young
they had two four seven pounds so really
affordable as well I genuinely had a
really great time and I can definitely
see myself going back there was a really
big O'Neill's in Bournemouth really
great stars as well at one point we had
our starter and the waitress came over
and she we were still like nibbling on
the last it's the nachos and she was
like are you ready for your man yet and
I just thought that was such nice
service for like a pub you know like
they really surprised me and the bar
started there two guys they were really
friendly honestly genuinely really liked
it and I would definitely be going back
so thank you very much O'Neill's for
working with me and inviting me to come
and try the new sliders my favourites
always going to be a cock burg that has
my heart but I really did like the
Smirnoff one and this one was another
favorite of mine Rosie pig's flat tyre
sparkling cloudy cider with rhubarb I
really liked this one I've never seen
this before so it's really cool that
they have some like this on their menu
I'm now going to take my makeup off and
wash my face and get into bed and read a
book and I will see you tomorrow morning
I am off to the office where I work out
today for the company I work for is
doesn't it say thank you so much to
O'Neill's for working with me on this
blog we are actually gonna head down
there even though I don't do any more
footage for them I'm going to head down
there tonight so that'd be nice going to
we took a southeastern train to get here
from some Pancras and it only took an
hour and 12 minutes it was one of their
fast trains so it feels like not even
that long ago that we're having
breakfast in the station and suddenly
we're out of the city enjoying the fresh
just over an hour we will be back home
again thanks to this speedy southeastern
train service with a very scenic view
our new information on how to get here
where we stay and all that chance down
below so I'm going to sign off now thank
shout out to Williams and martini for
inviting me Islands crazy freakin
adventure of watching Formula One and
seeing some crazy party in attending
some crazy parties and just being
involved in the whole the whole
atmosphere of this incredible event I
really appreciate it thank you so much
we're going in here this is the limited
edition box of Ready Brek which is in
partnership with we're going on a bear
hunt book which happens to be one of our
favorites got a packet we have loads of
fun ideas of things to do so go out to
the park or in your garden you can do
is going to be ready in 90 seconds
gravely and then we can decorate it
working with South Eastern Railway this
week and they basically said sir
hey where you want to go using one of
our trains and I knew straight away that
think what's happening now is people are
realizing that actually there's some
really beautiful parts of the UK to
explore keeping keep it simple
yeah and just travelling like within the
country that you're already in yeah so
much easier so much easier this jump on
a train you know anywhere so thanks out
that southeastern railway for for
working movie this week we've got
if you fancy booking a trip to Margate
or somewhere else in East Sussex okay
check out south eastern railways for
their advance purchase offers this
summer all the Lakers will be in the
description box below you video Wow - do
contacted by how they fresh which are
food subscription service and they do
different packages but we were sent the
family rocks and that has four different
dinner dinners in it or like it's a
massive box and show you intersect all
of the may embed in everything that you
need for four different dinners and I'm
really excited about that so it's tied
in quite nice in this video so we're
going to cook one of the dinners tonight
so this is the box that it comes in I've
already opened it and put some of the
fresh stuff and everything away and and
it's absolutely massive and you get so
much in here so basically just open it
up everything's inside you get a fresh
thyme and you get your recipe card which
I will show you in a sec and as well as
everything else you get this which is
like a cool bag and it has all of the
meat and the dairy products and anything
that needs to stay cold or chilled and
so that all comes in about like that
resides packs and everything so that
even if you can't get it in straight
line like get it into your house or
you're not there and it arrives and it
doesn't have to be unpacked immediately
so I think that's really really good as
well
these are the recipe cards that we have
for this week and I think it's quite
exciting Israel to not know what meals
you're going to be having and what's
going to turn up and to maybe even
potentially just try something new and
just you know not always be stuck in the
same routine of the same nails and
things so this is what we have and our
options available for this week so we
have pan fried turkey steak and I love
the fact that they have like little
picture
is of all of the ingredients that you're
going to need downside and that one have
sausage and butter beans shoo we do like
to stew in this house I must say that
looks good this is a beef stir-fry
we love a stir-fry well and then
obviously the whole recipe and
ingredient list again is on the back and
this is a bed for a GU rigatoni which is
something that we don't usually have so
that looks quite interesting but
nevertheless we like all of these things
so that's good hello fresh has been
really kind and given my subscribers 25
pounds of their first box if you use the
closed on eBay though are these all the
information in the description box if
you would like to try a while but right
just finished cooking dinner you did a
little bit more make a little tiny baby
smells so delicious and the recipe was
really really easy to follow and quite
simple and I just like the fact that
make a really nice dinner I definitely
would recommend to those fresh now that
we've tried it I'm excited to have the
other three dinners and like I said I
will leave all of the information about
it in the box below with this special
code and Dolly Bravo to get twenty five
pounds of success order like I said
