hello everybody and welcome to another
weekly vlog Easter weekend woohoo
it's about two o'clock now and I've just
filmed and edited and uploaded a video
the next Wednesday so although it's Good
Friday still been working hard and I'm
just about to go and meet my parents and
my sisters up from London which is so
excited I meet George I'm going to some
lunch and some drinks
I don't normally I haven't vlogged on a
Friday before but I thought it seemed as
though it's quite exciting day that's
love love going to show my outfit I've
got my beloved earrings and again a lot
of people's been asking about these and
they are from yourself but they sold out
with your questions because no very very
statements indeed but I love them I also
really love this clash with the read all
about that so this is the outcome for
today like I said earrings the red lip
I've got this really cute
gingham sleeve gingham hem t-shirt on
from the zest half court like light
switches on the old buzzer Mary I think
it's really really cute I've got my good
old kick Slayer got this memory the dust
and then the boots I took out from a
fuss I forgot about these and I watched
an old video and of mine and like enough
signals out so yeah quite cache but
really quite cool as well and I've got
my boy they pulled the back too so let's
go get some Club I think we're going to
go to yard and coop for some fried
chicken all the fried chicken and
they're doing amazing amazing a core
sauce and a gravy
so my to get over them and do better
yeah
get busy with overclock - yeah totally
all this chill moment goes over the Oh
so I'm going to Jimmy well surprise
we're excited to discover day and sewage
is the present let's go waiting for dark
in Manchester this is number ten morning
and happy Saturday but you'll be
watching this on a Friday or some other
day so I'm talking to the blog you know
what I'm doing you just love famous so
last night was really really fun we are
went for chicken at yard in coop one of
my favorite restaurants in the Northern
Quarter and then went the average loss
with some cocktails and then over to
Jimmy's and then it's great retro so it
was a big one but no hunger with a thank
the Lord have kind of got hangover
anxiety because I have two very terrible
hangovers in the past few weeks and so
yeah all feeling fresh today
we're going to pop into town and pick up
some gin for the party tomorrow I'm in a
bit of an Easter party at my mom and
dads and it also ma√±ana's eight years
so it's a little family get-together
which would be lovely my dad wants a new
budget so we're gonna go picks out from
Harvey Nichols for him and maybe get
some lunch while we're out there pretty
nice day today I think it's like the
nicest day would get in here and
Manchester for these two weekends so
I've got to go out and enjoy it and I'm
just quite cash today I'll just show you
because I really want my outfits it is
so really cash weekend's out there got
the t-shirt I'm thinking fiber and
called tea and cake or something like
that from Topshop is at the summit level
shut it which is the only French phrase
I remember from Judy I see I've got also
spiked jacket these really cool like
paper bag jeans from lost ink and then
just my red Gucci loafers
patrolman now little fella and then just
some glasses of some description handle
why do I shoot you job yes we're going
to go rich fell hurry to go yeah I've
just come from the bar a spy yeah
someone with eye
it's Saturday night and we're going out
going to for some dinner tonight with
classic George could go to some dinner
tonight with my sister and her boyfriend
Max and few drinks and hopefully a bit
of dancing because max is a DJ at
howling rhythm which is under the Ruby
lounge in Manchester so I'm there on
tonight so hopefully we can set of a
busy - I am classically waiting for
George as always because I get really
well quicker than him yeah I'll zoom out
because I've got very very pink is my
makeup pink eyes pink lips pink top
orange nails not good not a good color
flash so got this super duper 80s ruffle
top this formation ever picked up today
well through a shopping we need a lot a
lot of shopping today and which is
really off the top they can't get jacket
over the top of it but I hope we'll have
it so much and then again I've got my
boo here kicks wears on and then some
very jazzy
socks these are from under the stories
and they've got like rhinestones gems on
them and then some little strappy
sandals from Newark so there we have it
very very eighth District seventies I'm
ready to dance
very strong DC looking gorgeous in Korea
back in the early nineties when
everybody to say cameras are notes out
that's me
maybe I didn't see you fucking she come
back like and shoe combo and then
geladas possible are you filming here
are you just thank you pictures I'm
filming her right now don't cry now
that
I know everybody unhappy Easter Sunday
Allah bestow such a lovely excuse to get
all the family together and that cycle
what we did see is actually my Nana's
80th birthday party she's 80 on
Wednesday and all the lead is going to
be outlets Chiefs like all the family
and their partners and things like that
so it's really really lovely of some of
my parents we've been in our for a few
hours and on the Prosecco we've got some
rhubarb juice going on it's really
really nice and the last night was
brilliant no hangover today I think I'm
gained with nails thought about such
would if let's face it it's not going to
last and but yeah last night me George
Fay and Max and went out for some drinks
and some dinner and then went through a
club night rube lounge
it was the how the rhythm night which is
amazing it's like a soul music with like
a brass band playing oh so time it's so
good for me and say like dancehall and
which was meant and no hangover day so
all good I'm just a moment up now how
nice is any living room I'm going to
show you properly it's absolute
beautiful that light there for my
chronic life and it's just the most
amazing thing ever I'm just so yes so
we've just been having some drinks I've
just made two epic salads and we're
going to have some some lunch now we've
got some chicken smells Anya just got
picky bits about my current capacity
bored or that kind of thing so yeah I've
got like a proper ruffle top on and then
very like that flamenco emoji but yeah
I'm going to go back and join the party
now just go into living ruble bit down
that way which wins the live room just a
chat to you guys everyone else in the
kitchen so I'll get as much footage as
possible but it's a family event don't
want it be too intrusive so
hello everyone today is Wednesday now
identified yesterday Monday Monday we're
all like members of a stupa just stayed
up so all day in our PJs and had a
Chinese and then yesterday I was
shooting so it was stupidly left my
blogging camera and Alana's up leave it
much much we just shot some Beauty free
stuff and Phil's videos very very dull
anyway but today me and her together
with my mum my auntie and my cousin and
my Nana gave is my Nana's official a
professor you saw a load about on Sunday
but today's our actual big day so we're
in couple field in Manchester very
nervously right now in sprinkles and
it's a bit chilly and muslin which
summer to dinner lunches and drinks so
better update I feel awake back when I
was younger this was my dream house and
it's still pretty much is it's right on
the canal it was used to imagine like
Rosie and Jim with liver is so cute and
look at that blossom tree yeah honey
I also saw I'd point out that got a new
Mac palette today has that green in it
not keen to put it on almost a while I
do it
fear and little bit self-conscious a not
pin to the screen at all fails beautiful
regardless
here's a strategically blending into her
surroundings matching her fluffy knit to
the chair unintentional also in
traditional run out my my basic bitch oh
yeah all can I be me crew
no can't you can't sit with us and I
thank ya big one earlier when I lost
again like a five-time another santa
came in after in Hazel McCallion 4000k
was like nice they have a management
we're literally opposite of the way
Aires
yeah that I'm announcing now they just
brought out some I the cute ever happy
birthday to you happy birthday
yeah
good morning everybody today is Thursday
and I feel like this week has been a
little bit of a vlogging fail I don't
know I've not added anything yet
this week's have been mental with all
the celebrations none of them look as
I've had in last week's vlogs I was kind
of getting prepared last week and weep
for for a bit of a manic week this week
and then next week on the way this week
feels like I've done absolute zero work
because I've been celebrating but I did
make up for it the past two weeks so
stop feeling guilty Megan but yeah and I
don't really know I've no expertise lot
goes up tomorrow morning and have not
touched the Edit so have no idea
I've got enough or whatever I really
rejoined anyway but last night was
incredible yesterday cement follow some
really nice lunch at cheeks 92 which is
a lovely place to go in the summer
however it wasn't funny so it was very
very quiet but they've got this made in
like outdoor patio area which is huge
and it always round in the summer it was
a little bit quiet and bit by Bluffs and
and we went on to revelation to Cuba
which is a Cuban version of like mod
Koretz but much of what cool I must say
really delicious cocktails a two-for-one
lovely I had some gin and hi cocktail
and a banana and as daiquiris going and
these mango punch things it was a
marvelous hello
and it was really really nice and then
we moved unto you albatross which next
door which is ridiculous because I've
been an albatross in this blog as a
whole
three times now this week I do love that
place it's like nowhere else never been
it's like a huge huge room with a bar in
the middle it's always packed and I've
never ever ever in my entire life of
drinking so since LeMay p16 I have been
to a bar that caters for everyone let
you go in and there's no pretense
there's no like you don't feel
self-conscious you walk in and everyone
having a great time if one's there for a
good time you don't feel out of place
and it caters for literally everyone
like groups or large groups of girls
couples all the people like mine an old
you know there's no age I've just never
know in a place to like get it so
spot-on and cater for everybody like the
music is great but it's not for a
certain type of person I don't know it
just means I'm live in there so I'd
highly recommend that if you're in
Manchester's because I think it's my
favorite by of an entire type rooty of
Manchester offensiveness of course it's
different bytes Jim it all together so
looked in there and we went in and I
just said to the guy look it's my men of
eight year and it was really busy by the
way the man of 8co shorts a change of
scenery what we have to have a table
because she's easy and they were like
yeah no problem they gave us a boo they
might reject their with reservations
round so we get out of booze they gave
my Nana 2 free bottles of Prosecco we'll
all three to three bottles and second
which is just like next level kind of
service and then they gave red cake and
cake ice cream thing and sang happy
birthday stop which you've all seen but
I just thought I really like to shout it
out because that kind of level of
service if you don't get everywhere like
we can get in the other two places where
that yesterday about how there's loss
just brilliant we had an amazing and the
hosts I think he was called Joss and he
was great so shouts just because he was
mint and I think credit where credit do
because he was just wonderful everyone
in that I just had a really good time
basically and I'm highly recommend
checking out which loss and hashtag list
is not about I'm going to go meet my mom
and sister for hmm lunch which is lovely
it's nice when the months of work at the
same time as mephista be enough work
because obviously I'm self-employed so I
can find my holidays around that so yeah
we're going to go and have a nice
afternoon together
get some yummy food and that is about it
but I've got this amazing jumper on how
cool is that to meet um I think there's
about 10 pounds
I'll show them out okay pop shoes on in
Macao we need to go and meet them that
will show you my outfit because I'm a
bit this is what I'm wearing today I've
got this little cute micced really fine
knit each stripe jump with these amazing
report sleeves I think it is so cute
from H&M as I said and then I've got my
Swedish House being flyable and I think
these are so flattering they really
elongate the leg especially with a good
old platform boot Lisa from a soft years
ago now but my old trusty faithfuls
and yeah I like this I can't decide what
jacket to I was going to wear like a
dusty pink
justic oh just need us to go but I don't
know if it makes it look a little bit
more basic the outfit just wish it was
warmer so they could just go out like
this but he was that or a leather jacket
and I think I'm going to wear my good
old Stella McCartney Falabella bag say a
mummy
that's what I'm talking about
oh yeah huh no just in a slots shopping
I bought something Azzaro mommy mango
and saying hey Raja Nair focus image of
all around and whilst was variously
lovely lunch in Russia very very deep
and now the long from the drop of me
back home which is on the road and so
going to hang out with her friends and
the mom so she's going home for a cuddle
with my dad very clear indeed so yeah I
think I might finish up finish the clock
blog here because you can sign up and
behind us funny kids tonight I'm going
to be working George's work in and bar
and so I'm on my own going to touch and
laptops have really hope you've enjoyed
this video I hope it's been interesting
having turns quite a lower layer Kalibak
boobs just look more of a fun busy week
the new my usual work
so you'd hope you've enjoyed seeing that
and I shall see you on tuned in for
another video and next Friday front of
the market I'll be in Copenhagen so
thank you thanks hi
also if you've got any Copenhagen tips
like where to eat where to shop drink
leave in the comments on PJ bye bye I
know Kara bitches
