it's mine
so today is Tuesday little fly which is
my 25th birthday how I get so bloody old
but today's been really lovely already
only about 9 o'clock now and we've been
up since 6:00 had a lovely birthday
breakfast cup my George you had an
avocado on bagel weird fried egg and
bacon
lots of Sirach of course which is lovely
and we did prezis circus I've been
spoiled by everybody I need to show you
a very special present in a minute I do
you think I might do a couple about
their video because you guys like the
vault I've got Christmas video so much
last time so maybe I'll do that
who knows but yes today is really
exciting although I don't get to spend
my birthday with friends and family it's
the gleam sort of happy so yeah that's
how up so early I'm going on the train
at half nine ish and to London and then
we're off to can't bring all of us
together going to Canterbury because
we're glamping how cool is that so lower
don't get through in life in the family
get through the gloom my playing family
so that's really nice and but yeah let
me show you out because we've been told
to arrive spective already so emoji
already let me show you my outfit so
we've got this beautiful little dress on
it kind of like a neon orange dress and
like a net in with huge head sleeves a
tiered skirt a little bit like under
skirts and Technion Mother's Day
and little bit lace up detail in here
and a bit of roughage on the waist I
think it's really cute it's just from
boohoo so it was like about so equus so
not bad at all and then earring wise
I've got this lovely crawler as either
close beside that order shut it GT flop
crawler hair it's like diamante gold
beautiful and it's cuffs which is a shoe
horse a horse shoe shoe balls I'll show
you with a little star hanging of it and
then I've got an odd hexagon just here I
gave them a souvenir so then got a
little
Jack's necklace on which is absolutely
gorgeous and starts with an actress
peeking through different lattice lace
up detail in hair and then rings stacked
stars they're two little Halfmoon eggs
then we got a little crescent moon here
and a little little hungry eye which is
very very cute and then I've got another
strawberry slit on Heather all the
Masters in here they would do the most
beautiful like delicate jewelry which is
great like stacking a layer in and just
adding a little bit of a delicate touch
to more of my statement outfit I haven't
shown my shoes but these boots when you
might remember these from my wish list
post an assault Lorant cowboy boots and
you went down this nail on export a so
treatments awesome a birthday so very
festivals ready to go through I'm a
little jacket and then very special
present that somebody bought me and here
it is Stella McCartney bag with
beautiful stars on it how insane is that
I've been absolute loyalty is he's a
bloody good egg that's for sure I'm so
into it and it looks so cute with this
outfit Alec my train we were obviously
ready earlier than communiques a very
classic and email birthday so we're
comfortable and cheeky many Hoffman
no miss P George after a teacher
absolutely gorgeous yeah quick basically
before he moved his camera just never
watched her
right Linda looking down the Kings
crafty panic now
meet the rest of the garden so excited
that train journey you've taken I think
they're just so keen to be with people
my birthday you know around the train
and we've got football somehow here's
one one I see the 2q we're ready to go
Weaver eyes took a fortnight train
journey some short coached any but with
kids hon oh my god
okay not leather 2014 an actor oh my god
love it
I think I've got a whole face holy cow
my whole face
hello uncle Lisa don't comment Rico just
about to go on the ferris wheel looks a
bit quiet around it's positive actually
over there through that gap our
accommodation for the night
we're in the daffodil 10th with Olivia
and Katie look how cute this is
although I'm like really recent Georgia
missionaries Annabeth and it seems like
such an amazing ways and you asked me my
friends any colleagues and that kind of
thing as long as we're the best time I
mean even a freaking tepee glitter over
face quadboss a Prosecco
I did have a got expected hallways here
okay glass of Prosecco and that's good
so yeah we're georgia tablet hey help
laughing
not about thanks perfecto so far and no
food and so much coma know about clothes
so I've got myself a burrito bowl Rita
margarita balint a random assortment be
with everybody when it's gorgeous
educating fuckin I believe they've
opened the bar No so can I go
like easy cities across our area like
hello everyone as you can see I'm back
home now a little bit procure than usual
and up about the croaky voice anyway but
ultra croaky today but yesterday at the
gleam fest some party it was so much fun
I decide like the best time really felt
like I'd like let go and just really
went for a so much fun it's still in
quite early days for me and being part
shaving cream so it was I do get quite
nervous and but such as children because
everyone whether they like they
youtubers themselves or they work at
Glee I was just so lovely and it was the
perfect way to spend my birthday I had
the best time I got my cake sang has
where their to me which was so
embarrassing I hate being center of
attention so yeah that was water fire
what sort of live then the cake was from
Sanjiv bakery and was absolutely
delicious and so so beautiful and in
this morning woke up with a crack at all
and six o'clock boiling hot as you know
if you've ever seen that n it gets very
very hot in there and desperate for a
way so I go up and was like actually
gonna be clever here I'm gonna get in
the showers before anyone else does I'm
just going to high so we get ready
friends what's been up and get myself
ready it was really really nice and then
just hung out with all the girls and the
guys having breakfast and just hanging
out in the tent
until we may now we're back to London
and then I came back on the train to
Manchester so that is that in the best
birthday so thank you for everyone who
said has been in to marry it's really
really lovely if you all I'm totally
blown away you guys are just test forgot
like showered got ready and tonight I'm
heading to a dinner with mulberry which
is very excited their PR team are up in
Manchester for the launch of a new
handbag so they amazingly and white
shockingly invited me to come and have
dinner with them so we're going to the
store can hear all about the new handbag
and then off to dinner at Hawkes law
which is a delicious steak restaurant in
Manchester I think they have one in
London maybe a few other places too but
it's like one of my favorites where
George and I had our first day actually
so it's nice to go back there yeah I'll
show you me outfit and then let's get
going which is kind of sticking on and
I'm not as organized as usual so I
thought I'd start off
my jewels of the day again from a
pseudonym you how insane is this air
situation looking right now like let me
just try and focus you in here kind of
like a paper clip airing I'm obsessed
with that I think it looks so so so cool
and then again I've got the horseshoe
star cough I'm loving these costs
because I've actually been wanting to
get I don't if I said this yesterday a
mile then get to get some more Pearson
for my ears this is a really nice way of
doing it without pain owners so yeah I'm
loving loving that and then I've got the
crawler in the other air up a little bit
so yeah obsessed with disappear like so
edgy do you know you would never know
that that's not past and then around my
old neck I've got this amazing like long
necklace combinations but like a star
here which is beautiful and actually
matches the briefs I've got my risk so
yesterday and then it's just like really
really long chain here you know up
gorgeous with like a low-cut top or a
shirt with this this little bit of
sexiness like on the skinny post so
beautiful pen and I've got the rings on
again bursts are the like half circle
sang with the dough Mondays and then I
have kept everything quite gold today
because as you can see I've got a gold
blazer on and the gold and my mulberry
bag so I thought it will tie in
beautifully yeah up to my hair in like
behind my ear just select this a
situation dinner talking like I'm
literally obsessed with how this looks I
love it and then I've got a simple grey
t-shirt on because I actually own you
know I my clothes sale I've got nothing
to wear like I sold literally everything
so that's I'm living all this jewelry
because it's like fasting of all the
simple pieces that I've got in my
wardrobe and it can deliver not a lot
else going on in this the jewelry is
definitely making this look happen
see I've got plain grey t-shirt on and
then this gorgeous gold foiled blazer
this is from Vedic evolved death they
kindly sent this to me and then I've got
my mulberry Bayswater in teal again with
the gold all kind of nicely and just my
black Farley jeans either from a sauce
and my say
is and then I've got my Gucci I look
loafers on but I'm I mean it looks quite
good I'm just a tiny a little bit it
does look nice and it's quite cash and
like I need a bit height I kind of don't
want to bother I'm not quite cool yeah
we'll go with this yes Gucci office so
that's my looks very definitely made by
the accessories and the jewelry that's
for sure but yeah
Megan cash smart cars that's what we
like isn't it guys
so we're thinking what you're always
kind of smart the multi-store and this
is the new bag it's called the
Amberleigh and it's beautiful factual
that's the top handle on
oh my god call it filters papers and red
line I chose my last harm our car hi
everyone so it's like kind of clock man
and back home at a really nice night
with more Brooke was so lovely it was a
really intimate dinner there is a van at
the store in spinning fields and then a
really intimate dinner and read some
press and a few a couple of the bloggers
so it was really lovely
I'm absolutely shattered I feel like
I've not stopped recently I'm knackered
but alas I've got to carry on working
I've got to edit this vlog and I've got
a really busy couple of days coming up
but yeah more we kindly gave us all a
wallet how beautiful is this like
burgundy with senton on it ah
totally totally in love with that thank
you mulberry CS I'm going to get this
makeup off take out all my beautiful
tools and then crack on with a bit of
editing ready for this blog to go up on
Sunday so yeah I'll see you in the
morning
that's my husband sir just shows how
often I'm not at home yeah get asked is
moving like you have never loved you
know that on the blog they look at every
what color and what you love us speak
now is really in fact only by ego and
playing anymore
this is so we've just been shooting
today we've shot one look as you've seen
now onto the second look it's all very a
summary flamenco up in here it's really
cute top from another surface and then
of course module to them after the me so
yeah gonna go shoot it and then I don't
know what way absolutely then I'm gonna
make into a big bottle of milk
this is location one with this outfit
look at that like bloody artwork what
would you call that self tallest Rogers
color flooded but there will be a number
after it make it more classic what
number and P combi seven color swatches
730 makes Big Mike yeah haha gorgeous
want to trick home or girl
here is this girl ah ah like let's show
the art
at 7:00
on Giano
everybody so so please just left now and
I've quickly got changed into something
a little bit more comfortable because
naturally I didn't deliver for tonight
for the British style collective
tomorrow I'm doing a two panels and
absolutely popping my pants about it and
but that will be up in next week's blog
because I'm going to sign out now but
first got to show you my outfit which is
like a typical Megan getting on the
train outfit but more than ability range
this is pretty much what I wear all the
time but I've changed my jewels because
I'm just obsessed with these jewels in
the minutes so a wise I put my hair up
so you can really see there's I've got
this amazing course which is absolutely
mean it's like a hoop to flight slots on
to the ear it's absolutely amazing and
then change my stud to a star to match
the necklace that I padded to layer up
this one and it also matches my bracelet
perfectly so I've got three stars in and
then the usual suspects earlier because
when you find something you love you
want to wear all the time and then again
the same earrings as brings me as before
so outfit-wise keep it very simple got a
plain black t-shirt on visitor from
Topshop really oversized just tucked it
into the throat like fluffily fluffily
fluffily wherever and then even my
favorite trousers either by Mason Scotch
no scotch and soda
the Pfister brand so yes and they're
just like a really lovely canvas
material so they're SuperDuper
comfortable currently in best public
park pair of black converse on or my red
Gucci loafers just because they're super
comfortable so that is my travel outfit
once again because I've got no clothes
lessons my sail the tools are making the
outfit so yeah in a really busy day
shooting was so free and now I'm heading
us to Liverpool got myself the ice and
iced coffee which is just dreamy cuz
it's been so hot today like surprisingly
hot doesn't look that warm outside at
all and but yes I'm going to excite us
now there is hope you enjoyed this vlog
it's been such a fun week with the Green
Party my birthday dinner with mulberry
and then shoot was so good today it's
been hectic but so
but I really really hope you've enjoyed
coming along with me and you might go to
and celebrate my birthday with me thanks
again for all the love this week it's
been amazing and huge thank you to ask
me for all the divine jewelry all links
to everything I've worn in this video
will be down below including the jewelry
and yeah check out my blog person this
week because the two very very cute ones
including 25 happy moments for my 25
years on this planet yes give that
sunscreen join a subscribe if you're new
and I'll see you next week
