good morning everybody so it's a very
different setting today so for the plane
yes it's a facebook agency than we do
right now we are basically at the
airport because we are going to parties
and we're surprising Perry today you
know they were coming
beautiful today I gently includes so
there's no idea no idea I'm so surprised
no idea she could be really surprised we
looked at yesterday very spontaneous I
feel the pain it's my whole life I've
been really stressed it was amazing
sleep very well you know I've got a
happy with this project
this is no spontaneous of everything of
my whole life right we carry yesterday
didn't we yeah I know I thought like
more customers are going to plane yes we
were Eurostar wouldn't be a stressful if
one cheeky bag of luggage not just new
to market don't go for it well we wanted
to go every 24 hours we're going to get
the bus back possible and so we really
got to do one fly which is lovely and
yes so we're just going to go to
partridge now I apologize or now time I
look I can wait two three hours of like
still keep a poopy outside I also sleep
in my hands
except when we were eating food we just
had something to eat
and when our heading to our day IKS aged
17 we go bunny excited I'm excited to
see Faria what I was going to be you
know if you don't have it all that we'd
rather be by Paris Paris this way we
never yeah we haven't actually ever been
to Paris Paris medicine the Eiffel Tower
so we just thought now is perfect I
don't see it like it and also it's like
two fingers paddy
I measure myself I know from with repair
knowledge I where we were crying
everybody we have made it you patty here
I look very different now we actually am
it our makeup at the air pollution in
the motors in the baggage comb component
see anyone so I can pull a red lip today
to feel really tired but beware of a
limit like wake me up a little bit and
we are just driving no idea what we do
but I feel like we kind of like we're
going to fight this but maybe they don't
really know what we're doing because
it's so spontaneous like a lot of the
best way to go climb just be really
spontaneous of it the I situation today
not good you guys wonder what looks to
come out it may be danger because I'm
feeling goodra you know what this vlog
is going down Wow go to the right the
right down that yes gah - no doubting
will be brief because just been trying
to get a really good picture but I mean
it might make the ground why not you
never know
why did you still romance which were
actually Susy they have it up thank you
Susie our taxi driver I think he thought
we were really silly so he was like oh
that'll be 38 euros well we only went up
the road in my hope so expect to tell
you I expected me yeah whatever I
thought my change please
hey I have a hand of over you handle
over 50 euros and he gave like two
heroes and Lucy is like oh my god okay
I'm not very good at math but I know
that sounds like my peacefully yeah I
just knock down some coffee
so he wasn't going to give me the pen
around the Anastasia bridge again what's
funny I say living in matching outfit
I'm making a few tricks Nyonya yeah I'm
excited
deafening all the best for here Lydia
I'm taking pictures my really cool train
electrics training in my eyes you
actually are here because my either
weekly leak reverses because I'm really
trying to compound like David Schardt I
got really pixelated thank you you can't
solicit Isis power from a different
angle kind of copied Amelia hi we know
if you're watching because I read your
blog page I've you said about this
little spot and it perfect so thank you
whose side is going really cute little
tough a very French so beautiful
these prevailed before yeah we have a
charger phone this I say is a lifesaver
you can looking at like three charge of
armors Bogard perfect say well it smells
like copper color
like I don't happy people I was with me
yeah so like we he did yeah I love love
love doing yeah we feel like we've
worked really hard a lot some weeks and
so like we both work hard when we go
back again I thought I'm really busy so
that was like two days that we were kind
of free so we're like you know what so
me and you are going to share this I
think because we need something like Big
E but we also don't really want
something too big this is where
mechanics are going to be performing
tonight
Oh
Oh
ah
