morning guys I have a so today I have a
nail appointment to get to
and I'm also seeing mostly sing an old
friend of mine from uni Rachel which of
a lovely so I'm really something doing
like the most natural barely any makeup
makeup ever also because I only have 15
minutes to get ready because that's what
I really want to do today
and I give this a go Nishi mineral boost
for Simon something daily booster this
is about notices like a clear button
super serum that's really hydrating gel
serum one thing I will not skimp on is
putting on my skincare in morning I'm
going to call a little bit as the
american airlines are doing my skin
again is looking so good at the moment
so pleased i think is just some mixtures
in care as well using like I said before
Alan to a dermatologist who is amazing I
will see you next week I cannot wait and
now let's new here my dermatologist is
called Bianca out be skin clinically
fair links down below she is amazing
kind of way to see her again I've got so
much love any moisturizer activity and
400 bamboo thanks so one of the hydrator
no I knew that I was going to have no
bear foundation today but that's that's
turning to this so I was just going to
go for concealer and a very light amount
of foundation or you're just going to
see level well replenish like might
loose it minimal effort I'm just going
to make sure my under eyes a concealed
because this looking so dark
Burt's Bees the Rimmel liner
a little bit of sleigh on right then I'm
Jenna nude I'm ready and with a lot more
makeup on the nicest anticipated but at
least I look alive to the main thanks to
my man salsa was it and I sure really I
was watching an outfit earlier for Dior
and if I'm lucky apartment and she was
wearing my new sunglasses in it
someone yes it's a good enough enough
support man's got nothing nice although
obviously obviously i blatantly got them
first so joking okay nice so I've just
been out having my nails done
how pretty they look most maverick the
Brassica most pink so pretty and now the
description of it and I'm not have a
lunch with one of my good friends from
uni Rachel in pharmacy my absolute
favorite and Lafon grow and love it here
amazing bugle food
you know pretty manual for looking fishy
my favorite dessert whatever listen to
this one and excuse my friend Rachel
isn't it great all the pubs got the
camera in the felt I don't know I mean
pillow underneath this hi guys
bit later on now so I have my little
image from a friend and it's got back to
the flat and just been trying to do a
few things we love moving flaps next
month I've realized there's quite a lot
of things that I don't have for listing
flat for instance is going to look third
bedroom that's going to be like my
closet wardrobe space which is amazing
and I'm super excited about it because I
definitely know desperately desperately
need that and there's no more room here
for anything else so I need to buy in
got loads of cupboard space sign to buy
like big shoe racks I'm going to get
some bookcases so it's going to be like
shoe racks and all that so that's taken
if you are such an intern aside
furniture and then I just had a lot of
emails to get through so just in doing
those and I'm just feeling like super
stressed out at the moment and I feel
like if I actually spend five minutes
and probably think about everything I
would probably cry nasty I mean my
birthday was with I mean it's good
enough but I didn't really do anything
like me nights and grateful of the meal
and celebrate it and enjoy it
announce that I was working in seeing
amazing things like casting a project
with your and an event which is great
but it wasn't really celebrating my
birthday so I don't really feel like
I've had a birthday this year in
complete honesty which is why I went to
do all of the day and spontaneously it's
not treated myself to big purchase with
a lot of savings
expels like I just really want to kind
of just go enjoy myself comes to little
stressed out and fun just something to
kind of make me feel really good again
so that's what I did I mean that's what
people do with retail therapy internet
I'm going to put you here so that I can
get as much sounds were showing that it
really her birthday
then I it has been stressful on the flat
which in a pack boxes we've barely got
any room to put said packed boxes yes so
there might have been constants like
viewings because this play still hasn't
rented out yet because probably because
of a view at the back it's like the most
tightly view ever so that's really
stressing me out because people are
constantly coming into my flat where my
stuff is
everything is just completely SMS so
it's really difficult I thought by now
that would have easily rented and then
we could have started packing boxes and
it wouldn't have mattered
well this point I'm not waiting for it
to rim before I start packing some other
time I've just got a lot a lot a lot of
work on right now
amazing work amazing projects and
collaborations and I'm so so happy I'm
working on some incredible things it
just song it hard to do anything because
I have so much is on the fly there's not
enough headspace to deal with each thing
individually so a bit stressed out my
whole weekend is work event photo shoot
so I don't have a weekend really I never
do next week is events and things yes I
feel like I just need a day off actually
on a day off and I've not got well until
the week after next I'm just trying to
think about it a lot something really
really stressed out and one right-sizing
note which I don't think I've actually
mentioned is I had my braces took off of
my teeth on the top low the bottom ones
are still on there they'll still be on
there for a few more weeks we take off
the top first and because let things
settle a little bit
rather than take off the bottom to see
how I've since Lewis but it's great so
far I'm so happy I love the way my teeth
look I could not recommend them more
it's a London lingual orthodontics
planet believe information down below
for you but I could not recommend the
more I've had incredible service it's
been amazing treatment thrill of a
clinic so yeah I honestly can't
recommend them anymore if you're
thinking of getting the treatment as a
young person or as level so that's one
thing that is really brightened up week
actually I did realize was going to get
into enough that I did so that was great
those two dresses by the way okay so
very similar
put a little exam below or you can get
them the super cute this one it's like a
Bardot with cool sleeves on it and this
one it would be flat lacy dress I love
the one I'm wearing on Friday for an
event and there's a lot of wear and I
was only for an event so I'm going go
like this week anyway I'm going to go to
gym now time has really gone on today my
pal like took a class I'm gonna go Jim
get the regime session in because I'm
not been since I got back and I feel
disgusting someone would do that and
then how much time for anything else
morning guys Saturday morning and as I
sinker for a sign I have a photo shoot
today I am shooting some pictures or
a magazine not to Java my so now but I'm
sure when it all comes out everything
I'm extremely tired and really exhausted
and would love a day in bed this will be
really really exciting
and I'm looking forward to it I hope I
can fit in a gym session later I really
hope I can maybe nice little show and I
as well I haven't filmed a video for
some days which has had absolutely no
time this week I've just been out and
out now yeah who is it
dress ok guys so I'm pretty much ready
now my shoes can you guess what the
theme is how great oh look at my
eyelashes and it's all crystal so I'm
shooting with Arkady McLean it'll be out
in October I cannot wait to share these
videos it's so sweet
so obviously it rolls Bobby things look
how cute I need this outfit in my life
nifty little shoes oh my god what a
lightness incredible these are so good
love oh my god I love these too oh no
I'm gonna be very rude okay we're gonna
quite a few different outfits we are
we'll just change the backdrop like a
blue back jobs that can like mix up the
colors a little bit having some pizza
I'm starving look I had any food all day
to my fault
yes sweetie Malika's fun love these
mixes colors so cute
check out the oil firms oh cool yeah I
like that I do but I love you actually
live and the shoot is a wrap look how
cute this is a little bit
the door while rapping I said I know
it's been so much fun the issue Mike
sent out in October
Arcadia magazine I think it sold in
Harrods and Selfridges and everywhere
and obviously we talked about on Twitter
and everywhere else what's so exciting
and I'm so so thrilled to kind of be a
part of it so it's been an amazing day
see ya later damn home really really
great photoshoot cut with Feliz pictures
answers on this game again I'm going to
go to the gym and make myself feel a
little bit better morning guys welcome
to Sunday last night was very very dull
just once the gym got back my food have
some food went to bed but today though
isn't it more an exciting day we are
going to the edge eloquent hello Cup
game
I think it's called really excited to be
there mishaela cooked you might remember
their watches from a recent blog
recently how beautiful is this one I'll
try and leave a link down below six at
one just in case you like it oh it's
absolutely for it's a reverse Oh slim
watch and they have so kindly invited me
and Alex to go along to watch the polo
game and to be with them I'm doing the
very cute little dress usually what
pretty little dress it's a bit different
to my usual why's that so it's just for
you it's very different to my usual and
starts bit longer we like it though and
then I've got these pretty grey heels
arms because I'm obviously going to the
wearing my new bag I'm kind of like grey
accessories today and I'll see my really
could watch and my hair I'll kind of let
it kind of do its own thing from what
happened yesterday with it it's got a
lot of product in it but quite like just
how does natural and free it was so yeah
we're on our way now and I hope you
enjoy the day with us we're almost an
hour and a half drive away in blessed
effect on a country road trip around
fairness it's raining and pleases James
and based upon your food it's a good
idea actually poison tomorrow I told you
to anything in fact I was thinking we've
named is it and we've got our own Cecil
show jelly please
hence this is so nice so biee not going
to hurt yourself here a little over plus
cordial and look at this it's a shame
about the Weber but you never know it
might get better later
I wasn't reading in all of these I did
want to do those forsaken my little
sheepies question is someone got hit in
the face earlier report of that what's
up so badly give us good mechanical
there are little countries there's a
really a lot I know I did too
Oh
mix up for today yeah so pretty the race
love them gorgeous bag is in a clown car
we were still cleaner traffic down for
about 40 minutes we're breaking out at
the actual place where with
communication and we're leaving get out
for some reason sorry we kind of liked
curve a few cars to get out and forgive
myself of that what do we have so I'm
just going to head to the gym I'm going
to try and put all its along with me
Alex going to make some soup assisted
and then in may watch the live Island
it's a fine line is going out tomorrow
with all my friends
