hi everyone today's video is going to be
a little bit different to me because I
haven't really got a plan of how this is
going to go and I'm kind of just winging
it it's not a blog and it's not a fancy
planned out kind of main videos I think
this one's going to sit somewhere in
between and the reason for this is
because today's video is about something
I was kind of just going to do
off-camera and then I thought wait a
minute you guys would probably be
interested in this but let me chat
through the idea and maybe what you can
expect from this video my friend Deb
I've known her since I was three
she has always been very into style very
in fashion and I've always had gone to
her for advice I have my own personal
style and we getting her things that we
think differently about she's quite
daring with her style but whenever I'm
in a changing room and I need advice she
is always the person I'll send the
photos to and say yes or no and I will
listen to what she says she's kind of
worked in and out of fashion for a long
time so although at the moment that's
not her full-time job I often go to her
for styling advice recently I found
myself in a bit of a style rut I feel
like I really know what I like much more
than I have any other point in my life
but because of the situation and how
small my wardrobe is I feel like I need
to have better quality things and maybe
less of them and all that said one
minute as I was saying I feel like I
need better quality stuff that I know
goes together like proper outfit because
often I'll think oh I don't have
anything to wear and I'll go online I'll
order something really like adventurous
and daring and then I just won't know
how to wear it so I wanted dad to come
over and kind of analyze my wardrobe as
it is help me make outfit out of the
things I already have and then write a
list of things I need that I'm really
missing in my wardrobe so she came over
on the weekend and we kind of fit that
but what I'm going to do is run through
with you guys now what we have discussed
then I'll show you my wardrobe I
actually got I think two or three
outfits out suppose I already have I
wouldn't necessarily already where so
I'm really happy with that and then we
made like a really clear list of things
that we want to go by so I am in my
wardrobe that makes it sound like I have
a wardrobe room it's literally just an
open wardrobe and I'm going to show you
the situation as it is now over here we
have dresses and trousers so I've got a
few like really smart dresses that's
fine
I've got this a sauce jumper dress so I
tried on again actually quite like and
then I've got a few trousers and skirts
over here I've got lots of jumpers lots
of knitwear and a couple of shirts I
think what we realized is I have a lot
of casual jumpers and t-shirts because
that's mainly what I wear all the time
but then if I need to go out somewhere I
don't really know how to have like a
smart casual outfit that's not like a
dress but it's not a jumper in jeans
it's somewhere in the middle and that's
really what I wanted to get more of so
I'm going to show you the outfits that
Deb's picked out from my wardrobe like
things I can already wear okay let me
show you my shoe situation I have these
from Topshop which I absolutely love
because they're so comfy I can literally
run in them but because they're kind of
suede they've really really scratched so
I'm considering buying replacement if
they do things like this I wore them at
the weekend forgot how much I love them
so if I can't find a replacement I'm
deafening to keep these these aren't
jigsaws they're my Telsey boot style and
love where needs of jeans these are the
only heels I own which is really
annoying because they're very kind of
strappy I have to have painted toes and
I wear them lots of like foot exposed so
if I can I really want to find a pair of
closed toe heels but I really struggle
to find some that fit me because I'm a
half-size so we will see but that's
something I definitely need and these
are my black boots which are from
Topshop they're sock boots they do got
really high so I find some things I
can't wear them but I really like them I
really want to add a pair of over the
knee boots I think over the knee boots
could look really nice with the jumper
dress or skirt so you want more skirts
in my wardrobe and maybe with jeans as
well I think I need to find the right
ones that have a little bit of a heel
not too high and not too flattering like
riding boots so that something's on the
list as well this is absolute one which
deficit together for me from my existing
wardrobe this shirts from Lillian Lionel
and I usually wear this untucked with
jeans but I'm not very good at touching
things in she told me cut these into
these black trousers I have from Zara
I'm sorry is that this journey mirror I
have in my flats it's not great but
they're kind of just like workhouses and
I'm wearing them with the Topshop boots
and that's quite a nice smart ish outfit
to wear this is outfit number 2 and the
skirt I actually bought this in
Amsterdam and I haven't worn it because
I just didn't really know how dad told
me to pair it with my Topshop stock
boots which I really like
and this a soft thin knit slightly high
neck tops that I have said a statement
necklace would be great so I break this
up so that's on my list of things to get
but I really like this outfit and I
really never would have thought of
wearing it but now I put it on I really
like it
so those are two outfits that we picked
out from the toads I already have things
that are normally wear but really like
and there's lots of other outfits I can
wear but we also went through made a
list of things I need to get we
basically sat down together and went on
a source I'm sorry I didn't film that
but it was on the weekend and we didn't
really know we were going to film this
yet you ordered a load of stuff and I
thought I should film me trying on the
things Deb's hasn't seen anything yet so
it would be really interesting to hear
her feedback I've got a few tops a
couple of jumpsuit I kind of went crazy
and I personally love pretty much all
the stuff normally when I would have
mace this is so much stuff that I send
back but I think because I add depth
helping me we ordered some really cool
stuff there's a leather skirt as well
which I'm not sure about so I'm going to
start trying things on and showing both
of you okay so this is all the ace of
stuff so I start with the jumpsuit we
got two jumpsuits one song with swords
and long form know something ephemeral
exid femme one's a bit more casual one's
a bit more small so it's um a dumped
suit very nice yeah yeah I love it so
flattering this is the mia frill
jumpsuit from whistles I think a lot of
people have this there's like some
frills here's the cold shoulder thing
which I like because I eat without this
I wouldn't like it as much although it's
slightly hold tight which I like quite
tight on the boobs I don't love showing
off my boobs but if you take it kind of
go down it's looser at the bottom and
it's got this pleat here which i think
is quite flattering it's got a hole in
the back so most of it is what it is
that's the rack I think I definitely
keep this if it's good for smart events
which shoes would over with it the
problem I always have is what shoes to
wear this is what the Topshop boots look
like with it and I think they look cool
and I think I could wear like strappy
heels if I want to make it really small
it was not an award to my wedding this
is the selected FEM jumpsuit which I was
just saying is less scary to me cuz I
feel like it's quite casual like to wear
a trainers and be quite likes candy you
like it yes and you suppose I was wrong
as well
really let me show you guys this is the
jumpsuit from selected foam I love it
it's got pockets I love it it's like
t-shirt style and it's in this kind of
thick worms and materials and cold and
it's kind of
all now on to the lettuce coat which is
the one I know it's going to divide me
in Deb's because as I said earlier I
feel like I'm Way more into like comfort
yourself dressed like comfy but if
something looks great your sacrifice
like being a bit uncomfortable because
it looks good
not fair well no maybe it's not these
neuroses it's like I just am more fussy
yeah how comfy something is so I've got
this leather skirt on which I think
looks great I'm worried that if I keep
it I won't wear it because I feel like I
like can't walk and it's a bit tight I'm
going to tend to love it obviously one
minute oh no Kong cops turn and hey the
way this is a whistles top which we
ordered it's actually kind of faded Navy
stripes but I really like the long
sleeves you at the top I see the top
that's really cool and it's a little bit
shorter but easy to tuck into things
which I like so I might be look saggy
I'm wearing a strapless bra fit it's a
skirt I like it I just don't know like I
don't I can't really walk I tell you
what look like when I sit down there one
minute this is kind of what it looks
like from afar I really like it I'm just
worried that I should maybe get one
that's shorter and I can also wear it
over the knee boots if I get them yes
like when I sit I don't think I'll be
have to eat in it yes I don't know I
think that's a maybe and we'll see what
we find one out today we also ordered
this you fare I ordered this so the only
thing I really don't like is the thing
that I picked it's a long sleeve babe
pink top that crosses over and I really
love how it reminds me of ballet can we
and edited ballet together when we were
three but it's just so cropped that the
only thing I could wear it with is this
leather skirt and I don't know if I'm
going to keep that so I think Deb said
there's something similar in top shot
that's a bit longer so I think I'm going
to send this on back another thing we
had a man√≠s is a body which I've never
really thought about getting before but
I like the idea of it like being you'd
have to worry about tucking it in so
this one is some selected firm is what
the sheer arms is like polka dots and
then black vest built in and it's not
back to us which I like and I just
tucked into black jeans which some
reason look like they're bulging open
these are from Topshop for have these on
the bottom I like it a little bit like
my favorite thing because this V I don't
know if it's my favorite thing I really
like it like that's great I think it
dude wanted to have quite handy in case
I like had a skirt I want to tuck it
into another maybe depends how we get on
today this is a top from I don't know
I'll link everything that we talked
about below in the description box I
love the color
it's like whisper
pink which I'm really into at the moment
and it comes in black too apparently the
next line is different from me and the
length let me show you it's actually
quite a clever top because it looks like
I've touched it in so actually it's just
that's the link which is really handy
because then you don't have to worry
about talking things in I don't normally
wear like a low V like this I like it
and I think the links are the arms very
flattering oh my god I sort of what's
that age where I start wearing tops with
arms this length
I haven't hopefully but yeah I think
it's nice it looks really nice with
black jeans great for events when I want
to be a little bit smart but not too
small it is a really good find actually
and different other things I have in my
wardrobe there's pretty happy about this
one and you can wear it with that
necklace oh yeah but like a long
necklace and by Ilana this is a high
neck gray jump that I had like detailing
on the bottom so it looks like this it's
got quite a high neck which I think I
could roll down once if I wanted to that
allowed us okay so it's got this like
frilly detail which i think is very cute
and flattering and death said I have to
roll the sleeve up so I would do that
I feel so knit great need to buy new
bras today I think this is quite cute or
top this top I already know I love I
tried it on and it's great some whistles
it's got this cute pearl detail
cold-shoulder
it's fitted it mazey I really really
like this I just love everything from
whistles basically so that's all the
stuff from Asus really happy with it a
couple of things not sure about but me
and ever going to go out today to town
love grains town a weekday and we're
going to try and lots of stuff we
written a list I think that's pretty
important when doing so nervous I put
over the knee boots
spin out about those I don't really want
to invest in the Stuart Weitzman's ones
yet I don't know if I'm going to wear
them all the time so it's going to list
it although I think
skirts may be trying to leather skirts
maybe some other like shorter skirts I
can wear a big jumpers with I really
want to be a boy hat but they're pretty
hard to find I felt like a lot of them
are quite high up I feed to my friend
Carrie yesterday she said she got heard
from a random hat website so we'll see
what we find maybe a nice jumper dress
if I get the high knee boots high knee
boots we have a knee-high boots smart
top so don't so I need that many but
we're going to look maybe trying like
pajama fella called Raja so every I
could never
the Lillian line one yes exactly crops
sweaters statement necklace that might
be hard to find bras I mean if I have
the patience and if I make it down to
Selfridges I hate bra shopping they're
so expensive but I need a good bra that
were like lift these babies up leather
trousers we need to add that like
leather looks yeah faux leather trousers
really want some of those I think they
like Deb's wearing some today she's
always wearing them and I think they're
really useful replace Topshop chunky
boots might have a look for those belts
for jeans statement yeah that's she
could be any belt I have is like a
cowboy style belt I want in a weekend
and it really didn't go with the top I
was wearing so something a bit easier to
wear and that's kind of everything I
know it sounds like a lot and I feel
like I'm going to spend a lot of money
but I think what they do this I'll be
sorted for a while good staples next
step is to head into town we've got a
list of things to buy I'm going to bring
you guys along with us and I'll see you
when we get there
we're in our zone dad's just said you're
very giddy uppy thumbs up how I shop
these are some opening boots who found
they've got a little bit of a heel which
I like my worry is that they don't do up
at the back of got very skinny legs
you'll try I think I need some that I
can tighten like wire them on jeans or I
can wear them bare leg I'm going to turn
over new boot and also on heels as well
thank you so these are the boot my only
concern is that they're going to slip
down when I walk some and they have a
low wall front shot that's always how I
test out this is the feet actually fit
me I think I tried these on but because
they are pointy my toes is a codpiece
pocket I really like these but I think
they'll sit down and drive me mad so I'm
going to have lots of Browns as you are
there is we're in office and they have
some over the knee boots and have ties
on the back I'm going to years ago so
these boots have a little try on the
back there look at the pointy ER than
the ones from Aldo but I bought tiny bit
of a heel this is what the suit looks
like on little bit like slimmer than the
other ones they're not baggy sorry the
music so now they're put these on hold
maybe transfers to it works or one fish
I know or like the ultimate boot feels
like and I can confess about I'm also
going to try these on Pelican leather
version of the ones I have they won't
stop this easily you're in popstar
cat necklaces and clothes there's a lot
of stuff in there Deb has been
distracted by the stretcher and very
secure I told you guys this video is
experimental and it's proving hard like
film our little conversations but we're
able to promote the well there's lots of
fealty and I want ones where's Jean so
it's supposed to into this one in a
mediums large like a textured leather
like a faux snake skin up a mane yeah
lot from yeah and then it's a small
small in the spinner belts where with
high waisted things about kind of what
we've decided is like good to belts have
in wardrobe there's new tactic is to
just take things up so that we see you
position to be like they've been aged
everything was brown and leather skirt
if you know so Brown well but see what
you pick up for me I'm still talking on
to belches well like I mean a lot of
clothes and I hand you manage to get a
room in the top shots personal styling
area which was amazing if you can try on
all the stuff take our time and I can
possibly show you guys everything trying
on we are in the changing rooms by the
way stop shop metal styling is amazing
just pay for it you just pay for we buy
genius here we have the to belt I showed
you guys we have some jeans which are
the Hayden jeans what I hate is jeans I
like then I do highways boots area like
a very nice that I can actually fit you
can pull my legs but that wasn't why
they give is a Loutre they're in a
little bit we have this floral shirt
short great jumpers attached to address
an orange jumper I will not wear this
but it okay I hate the material and I
hate the color yellow jumper with frills
I picked that I like that leather skirt
got shorter than the one I got from a
sauce we're going to give it a go Jarman
style shirt
can you tell it desert try to get me to
wear more colors black top with like
cool sleeve black and white top again
with course leaves evident for crazy
sleeves and then these leather trousers
in a light gray just to see men Deb
Scott's and saw strands or else these
are the jeans I wasn't expecting to buy
jeans today but these are pretty cool
actually because they kind of go
straight down the all my other genes
either with you back you'll be tightened
they're just a different fit this jumper
I actually like the kids it's got baggy
arms which make my jumpers that have fat
what about things that wing and it's
cropped one or two cropped maybe they
have a really nice
yeah this is cool this is a top which
I'm not going to get so I'll show you
guys because it's so short I've got big
boobs a little bit of tummy it doesn't
really flutter
it's kind of mealy they're not quite
rightly very colors when the prints
yeah nice shape here good night
participant this is the leather skirt
and I really like it actually I think
I'll get more use out of this length
than the long one and lots of you all we
have pocket why isn't it always more fun
to manage pocket
always we like the top and I like to see
the stuff but we don't think yellow
suits me and I think this might come and
blush pink that said this is the kind of
pajama style shirt which I think I quite
like yes it is going to get another size
and something I'm going to wait to see
what sheathing I like the prin and I
kind of like the link I think it works
with the skirt as well something I've
learned from this whole shopping
experience that I need to get used to
just try on a size 10 I would try a 10
and a 12 because I like things a bit
oversized but I think most the time
attend more flattering
in my head I'm not a 10 I'm a 12 this is
the top Innis of blush pink and it's
cute you know like I'm not messing into
this pile of the speeds I kind of wish
you didn't have that yeah I think it's a
good one to have when I'm wearing
high-waisted everything's pink in my
wardrobe we're not going to get there
but we've agreed that we love the gray
with the pink and also the idea of a
cropped Jean forward skirt it is that
this one as you can see it kind of falls
there it for me and you see a bit higher
through fluttering so it's not quite
right this is the way of top with like
the crazy arms it's quite like fashion
II yeah but it's quite like loose around
the neck and a Housefull about this one
scratcher here we're done with the
clothes I'll show you what I'm going to
get you said nose quickly things over
there things I liked with the jeans the
leather skirt the pajama shirt the pink
jumper you nervous about that one I
think I like it
and the orange jumper we just went into
Stuart Weitzman's I'm gonna try them on
I actually thought it'd be about 200
how short and collide and they were 655
now Harlan sidekick now they were
beautiful so comfortable they do have
sizes a little why are the two rounds
don't you have sizes certainly does the
designer thing now
so they finished gloves and I absolutely
love it I just can't be most have to
spend that much on Sue's like they're
going to get fluffy they're going to get
so on the floor and yeah I can't believe
this 664 hours oh and I so na they were
few so that's not fixin to come home I'm
just an elk a Bennett and dead that's
coming here because their shoes look
really completed as you dry I think I
may have found some heels in closed toe
and wraparound and not too high so I
like that they're closed toe and they
kind of to move my other ones actually
and not too high and actually pointing
you can really like them they're 185
which is offensive but I feel like good
to have like one I mean I try to sell
Chloe worth of fortune because has a
good pair of heels I think I really like
them they're not too high and they've
got this point which makes it really
flattering I think they are great get
find them so it's always the places you
least expect it what are the chances
that was such a success okay Bennett and
if you have sizes so I've got six and a
half which is really helpful
so nice I've got to the point where it's
all a bit thick how its money I prefer
but I did just say to dead or normally
happens is all get invited something
whatever anything's worse
and I'll panic and I'll panic by
something stupid and then I'll be
rubbish so although it's painful
spending it all now at least I know then
I'll have a good wardrobe I can just
like use whenever I come to the self
just to gallery and come back to office
and tried on over new foods again and
they're reduced from 120 to 60 the
gloves I'm going to get over the newbie
I might as well I mean it's better than
660 i thing is the nice ones I've tried
on so far but if they're quite tight on
my leg and then slightly pointed it off
I think I'm going to get them we're now
going to head back home because the
second part of it that I need to get rid
of enclosed whenever I needed us I'm
going to get rid of stuff because I
haven't got room so I'm going to go
through and anything that I don't wear
I'm going to give to charity or my
sisters or friends with back home and
now after buying all the things today we
have like a fresh look on some of those
a sauce maybe items so I'm definitely
going to send back to the body I'm also
going to send backs a little pink crop
top to skirt because we found a shorter
leather skirt that I think I'll get more
wear out of now what we need to do is
make room for the new thing so there's
four aces items there and we get a bit I
got two shoes and I think I'm definitely
gonna have to choose I can get rid of
right now I need to find something to
switch out I'm currently going through
the straw and it's a charity stuff and
this is keep I've got rid of a lot of
stuff I just don't wear I don't need and
when I put things back in I folded them
like this so I can see everything for
these autumn a t-shirt desktop strappy
tops I've got my no makeup day and lunch
at a live jumper and a few long-sleeved
top I'm also going to see if I can put
any of these things in drawers this guy
is example of 100 items so I bought this
plot and I loved them but the day I wore
them it was hot and in the summer I had
a meeting and when I stood up for the
meeting
I was so sweaty I'm one of the people
that sweats on my legs
sorry that's gross but you could see the
sweat marks and now I'm just too scared
to wear them and Dez is right you
shouldn't really have things in your
wardrobe you're not going to wear
because every time I look at them I just
feel guilty that I bought them and only
wore them once but too scared to like
risk the sweaty thing happening again so
these are going to go in the bag I have
filled two bags worth of stuff to give
to charity I give to a shop called
crisis which is a charity for homeless
people I was just saying how I think
most people cleanse their wardrobe and
then go shopping but I actually really
like doing it this way around we kind of
assess the Wardrobe shopped and then
Deb's made a really good point that now
I've got all these nice new things I can
be bit more like ruthless and I know
what I want to get rid of why I don't
and I'm just kind of going by the rule
of have I worn it recently and there's a
lot of things which I feel like I love I
feel guilty because maybe I haven't worn
them as much as I wanted to I didn't
wear them so what's the point someone
else can enjoy them for a huge bag of
stuff here a huge bag of stuff here I'm
getting rid of way more stuff than I
thought so I feel good about that look
how many free honee they have and also
so much more space in my wardrobe so I'm
now going to put all the new things in
there we've sorted out my wardrobe now
and I think I'm going to leave my shoes
and coats to do another day or maybe
tonight when I come back here I'm going
to drop Deb's home but I feel like I've
got a brand new wardrobe and it's so
nice to have got rid of so much stuff
and have some like pretty new stuff in
look it's quite a bit of color going on
and like you can tell the similarities
like that blues in that got a bit of
pink got a bit of a hoarder tinge
so more stripes of course but look how
much space I have and my drawers are all
like tidy now and I'm really looking
forward to taking these to the charity
shop as well I've got my new shoes there
I need to spray with the suede protector
and then I'm going to sort my shoes in a
bit
thanks for y'all hope you guys enjoyed
this video I'm going to link every item
that I bought and talked about in the
description box below so go check that
out and also check the shop link on my
blog because they'll all be linked there
as well thanks so much for watching
click here if you want to see my last
video and there'll be a subscribe button
as well if you want to subscribe and
I'll see you all in my next year sorry
