ah would the Morgan guys how is it going
hi
I don't I don't think I ended last
night's vlog so apologies for that
I say that I don't even know if it's
going to be if that was a vlog on its
own opens coming who this bro don't
really know yet we are about to go to
Target because we need to get some stuff
some videos so we're going to go hit
target up what else we doing there was
something else is doing oh um yeah gonna
go pick up some crutches because I think
my neck is getting worse so that's great
I'm going to go get crutches because I
like literally so painful to walk so
we're going to a CVS probably gonna get
lunch when were out somewhere as well
and then later today I think on film
with Connor so that should be fun and
then tonight we're going to like with
Tyler invited me to finding dory to
watch like a screening of it which
obviously is gonna be amazing so
definitely was like yeah I'll go I'll go
to that and then just hanging out seeing
what's happening we've just realized
we've got some bins in the way already
know but in the road I think they were
just here next to that one how they like
Oh
Oh things don't know if I'm gonna do
that is that what you meant to do in LA
right coffee stop
Alfred's and their smoke first coffee
it's like this quite couple UI right
yeah so we're going to go for full
resting more active day stop there is
here
not lishus Santa there was really good
looks like he's about to sing that I
found them fun out sure one but first
flappy it's really all right look where
we are
cbs2 hopefully they've got some crutches
for mr. hop Hopalong yeah so far I found
an old man stick nice for small people I
mean you're quite small but ah I could
do with one of these like you know I've
seen them literacy now oh yeah literally
seen them oh my god do you think I
should get one of these instead um
supports up to 300 pounds no right it's
for the leg what are those yeah what's
this is this white cross country or is
it just more notes
no oh literally life-changing it's
life-changing taking Joe I love melodies
how happy they look happy with life
listen just look at look at this nice
smile he's so cute and happy yeah yeah
look at her face she doesn't they want
to bacon the way he walks
could you be feeling any more sorry for
yourself right now just very frustrating
they go mad some two in one massage and
play it's for you and yourself at night
cool yeah yeah my gets much of it thank
you - and what good deal on his arm
I'm just getting some um some pain
relief like ibuprofen
I love the advertising on this so I'm
focus pain reliever nighttime sleep aid
yeah it's for your two-in-one
I just went to buy some ibuprofen and I
was like it's not my person because I
know it's for sleeping but I didn't ask
that
literally all hi guys Phil ice is a new
chapter in your life Marcus yeah I might
do that thing remember your cost at
school everyone likes lime bit well on
the metal
because the English ones you like had
you're not going to be a but ah walking
wounded
so much easy at all I actually feels
nice to be employee circulators was
miscalculated nearly fuck - oh my god
best invention ever saw this little kid
being pushed in the trolley victory life
changer I'm in the target trolley with
the crutches on the wrong this is a good
MacOS moment they see me rollin they
hatin patrolling in China gets me right
is been rendered your eyes while your
lies
my Empire let me look at this train what
they can see the crotch is still boy I
think they've ever seen anyone do
exactly we're setting your boundaries
for target we've moved into the food
aisle this is art this is like a
glidecam the cows move that this is lies
I feel like oh oh haha oh cool yeah look
how smooth this is guys back honesty
this is like filming a film
that's that's rich I'm really nice its
outstanding Cooper did it yeah this is
how inception was made on a trolley by
we we were told you why I'm in the food
going grocery shopping in target deep
and I like your parrot
if you died
like into the toys - oh that's what this
is for you that he's best dad ever
oh my god oh my god oh oh my god those
are those things that you smash and
things come out yawns yeah that's the
word Oh
oh my godness so cool can you get one ha
ha
dad come on dad yeah great thank you I'm
so nicely yeah did you guys I'm doing
this and a little of everyone here oh
well we all take Oh we'll take one of
these it's for the video
yeah that's we'll use that Johnson's
baby shampoo
okay through it grumpy Arnie Matt Matt's
in a bit of a grumpy way that's a nice
standing pose you've got he's
embarrassed I'm still in the trolley I'm
way about to pay I think I deserve to
eat something I pushed you around the
shop feel like I'm blushing point am i
embarrassing you
you look very embarrassed actually just
paid in the toilet thank you thanks
target the crotches finish I was just
saying remember at school guys like when
someone had crutches you'd be the person
you've got to me it kind of going your
crutches why do people do that obviously
why oh yes food baby food baby that
looks incredible good happy okay guys
one of my favorite things in LA now I
think we do it because we're British
but I've always done it since coming to
LA literally every person you look at
you assume it's someone so the amount of
times we've gone to each other there was
this one guy yesterday we're at the
Griffith Observatory he was like looked
maybe 1% like Kanye West and I was like
oh my god Matt looks like Kanye West and
then that looked at him and he's like is
that Kanye right we realized this guy
was about 50 times heavier than Kanye
and had just like the slightest face
similarity that's him Matt as well was
just like I think that's Chloe grace
Moretz as I actually it's a complete
banged up I don't think she'd be driving
around in a van car but it's like you
just assume every person like oh who's
that person who's that person I'm going
on film with Connor in a minute we've
got a couple of out or not in a minute
what am I talking about got a couple of
hours um Matt's biggest obsession is
wanting to see laughs so excited it's
gonna be amazing
he's really keen for the Hollywood sign
yeah so I'm gonna drive him up - we're
just gonna wing it and try and like
going around and row
just get as close we can and see it and
he's probably gonna get really odd
though yeah that's the plan right now
and we have got on baby you should go
and love yourself
whoo I've got haven't I holdin on to
somethin you should go and love yourself
I think it's the hair cute the way I can
do for Seto's off oh baby you should go
and love yourself
whoa ought to be fair I am going to see
Justin on tour if he is looking for a
backup singer I could probably do that
for him yeah definitely wrecker yeah you
can get in touch with you orchid yeah we
watch this and then I see that and go
that guy I needed him on my stage yeah
definitely with it with the crutches
oh yeah go on
they can hear the Biebs are you can't
even see it's not focused Oh
Oh Liz refill my kitty just sit just for
a peace sign okay we have made it to a
spot which is really hidden and the view
is unbelievable we're just gonna have a
quick little look that is mental kind of
cool right pretty pretty cool guys
secret viewing point Sherlock I'm like
an L a talk ID not gonna lie this is
pretty cool this is what is like no
one's coming here and I'm just saying
here stand inside believing in my dreams
no vagenis is so cool like chilling
finding spots where there's not millions
of people and just chilling and
appreciating the landscape the scenery
and man-made things like the Hollywood
sign Oh back in town
some fun baby I like your style back
home obviously well not home
look at my hair look at my hair and have
you got used to my hair yet
it looked always looks different in
different my end you can see it starting
to grow back through here and even
through the top here but I love it I
literally like the hair so yeah today
has been feels like it's been freaking
awesome hopefully it's been awesome for
you guys I think the last thing I
blogged was on the way to provides being
pretty hectic so filmed work on a really
fun video which you may already have
seen by now if not you'll see it soon
a really really fun video but we were on
super tight times casting at hang out
with Connor much because then we went
straight to go with Tyler to go to a
screening of finding dory which was
amazing like genuinely I loved the film
laughed so so much and yeah I don't know
i yeah gave me good feels and then just
from there we we had dinner and
literally just look back now so that's
what's happened on top of everything
else we've done today anyway so it's
been bit the mad one mate proper mentor
one lad and oh and you know I did not
realize I had a TV on that wall
I'll even look doning clock that since
I've been here when I first walked in
this room I think I saw TV there I
haven't even seen that there you
probably don't even care but thought I'd
share it with you and yet tomorrow is
like more filming and collabs and just
hanging out
so hopefully will be fun brothers Oh
give the video thumbs I've enjoyed it
and I'll see your beautiful face
tomorrow with another video goodbye
