hello welcome back to another weekly
vlog I am so busy this morning it is
tell o'clock and I've been working since
seven edited the vlog for an hour and
I've been working on my freelance social
media stuff since 8:00 so I'm just going
to stop and make a cup of tea I only
have ohed milk and almond milk good and
have any food I don't have any milk I
just came back from Benidorm yesterday
and I have so much to do today yeah I'm
feeling quite stressed and it's also my
friend Jones birthday and we're going to
a surprise birthday dinner for him
tonight which means I have to transform
my hair and my face feel like I've kind
of lost my voice a little bit I've been
there well ups from probably from been
away but I'm in a really good mood
I'm feeling very productive I've written
a list I picked up cool out of ten
eleven twelve things so not quite
halfway but getting there is just so
much going on at the moment like so much
going on today is it's going to be
really really busy just because I really
do want to get this bandage on filled up
at 6 o'clock I don't want to rush it
either I do want to get up in time I
think I can do it I just need a solid
like couple of hours to focus on it this
afternoon so I finished this job this
stuff one I'm probably going to have a
jacket potato if I have any muscles also
gonna be okay actually really need to
get some food but we are going out to
dinner tonight Benji's actually home
this week which is great he normally
works away during the week but obviously
haven't been with him or seen him so I
feel it his last night and that was
really nice we were both just so tired
like I did a really long drive yesterday
the m3 was closed so I had to kind of go
around almost towards Portsmouth and
come back down it was an absolute
nightmare
it took three and a half hours to drive
I didn't stop once just because I was
absolutely adamant to get home so yeah I
was actually shattered but we ordered an
Indian and it was oh my gosh I hadn't
eaten since 8 a.m. I had some chocolate
buttons at about 1:00 on the plane and
we were our delayed hasn't talked about
and other wise I hadn't hadn't eaten and
so the Indian food tasted so good I was
just in my element you know when you
just really want that comfort food it
was good all that stuff you might have
some let's go but I have something today
we're going to have that for lunch today
and but yeah like a couple of my
fans of text me like Oh welcome home I'm
like I cannot talk cause I've got so
much work to do so yeah I'm actually
going to start blogging and I will catch
you this afternoon hopefully looks a bit
nice at some point today but I've also
got that to tackle my unpacking as well
got some washing to do and stuff so yeah
but I go 10:00 to 2:00 and I smash that
loan I'm really really proud of this oh
my gosh the GoPro footage too came up so
well and if you didn't watch my visit
Benidorm vlog then do go and check it
out I'll link it below or at the end of
this vlog I reckon I'll be finished
about 4 half for maybe and then
identically export it and uploading
because it's a long one I'm just really
praying that it goes up to six make a
thumbnail write the description just
have a shower I don't know if you can
see I have slight turn marks a slight
bill like I've been on hot bin ahora
obviously been away and I'll because
they've been on holiday but anyway I'm
just going to find something to wear for
tonight the Sun has come out is boiling
outside I'm so godlike Congrats ray but
the vlog is uploading and it's looking
likely it's gonna be up in time for 6
o'clock so I'm really really chapped it
was 15 minutes long in the end
we're going for dinner at this place
called renew in what form is super nice
out here I used to work it oh it's good
night tonight oh my gosh love a quiz
night okay
I've been in 20 line timing and salinity
good morning happy Tuesday I'm a little
bit hungover today I can't have what
happened that last night that restaurant
was so nice and was so lovely still
around - Joe's birthday and but it was
so hot in there I think all of us were
like sweating and that would the mix of
a lot of wine and the food didn't come
out - like nine o'clock and it was just
what he thought as a cheese and wine
cheese and wine it was like cheese and
bread board and it was super nice but
like I don't know I'm not a massive
cheese person and so I don't I think too
much too much alcohol not enough food
really really hot made me really like a
weird drunk like I felt really sleepy
and just like really dazed and then when
we came out here I went to bed I
couldn't sleep for ages I was up that we
were both off about three o'clock and we
checked our phones and we saw the news
about the attack in Manchester which was
awful and that made us wide awake
because we were just up thinking about
how how tragic that any attack is tragic
but especially when there's children a
concert just awful
absolutely awful and it'll probably be a
week behind when this videos up thoughts
and prayers get to everybody who is in
Manchester was affected absolutely awful
so so yeah is 20 past seven so my tasks
for today I was going to go meet my
friend Georgie for lunch but we've
rearranged in those days now quite free
which is great because I've got to do
some washing unpacking tidying I've got
to write my Benetton blog posts I've got
to write - and so I'm going to do one
I'll make the activities in January
about Benidorm and then I'm going to do
one about some of the food places we ate
at because I've got some really nice
pictures I think that's why I'm
envisioning in my head but yeah I'm
going to crack all that it's probably
going to take me a few days to write the
posts like by the time you do the
pictures edit them import them write you
know blood glass and hungover
unintentionally hungover
brilliant so yeah I'm back from Aldi and
I just had to reschedule and double
check over all my clients tweets and
things because I want anything that I've
pre-scheduled to be sensitive towards
today's event and enlighteners event so
yeah it's some really hype I just walk
around the supermarket feeling just like
lost like a magical jewel child event
food shopping
Thank You Khaled low at the moment oh
okay I'm at my desk now I have a coffee
and I have about 100 comments to apply
to I think maybe more can I write some
breakfast Commission tidying and I'm
going to film a video today because um
my hair is clean and nice it'll put some
makeup on and them I'm going to be my
may favorites I could do April favorite
I never got chance to edit it so whoo
at least the May one will be a bit more
interesting because I've had two months
worth of favourites to share and then I
write down a to-do list basically son is
going to get to do this and crack on and
ready to film my favorites
I'm just getting set up it's half past
eleven I still have loads of admin and
comments to reply to and things at least
I get a video done today then it's done
it's 20 past five and I'm going to be
honest I have struggled to concentrate
today it will already be done by now I
personally hope to get some of the end
of the week but I just doing the picture
so I'm breaking it down so obviously
this is the bike tour this is the old
town I really like this one that Jordan
took with me
this is jet skiing so I'm just doing
that one and now I'm snorkeling so this
is actually taken me hours I know it
doesn't look like it does take me so
long this is my BOB by the way I want to
go actually until it looks like
currently I did talk about this briefly
in my last week we've all but I've
revamped it and I've also added shot my
wardrobe and like all the things I get
asked about the most and then the posts
read and look like this and then you can
click into them to expand them I've had
a couple of people give me some feedback
like 90 set of people really liked it
but some will send at the side was too
messy so
I focused on because I had like popular
post on the side as well so I change it
and I put like my Facebook page here the
Batwa gym I got like a really simple
full way and it's a story love thing and
story Instagram thing and I still have
space down the side as you can see so a
little bit of work in progress and I'm
not too sure if this looks a bit too
cluttered I might change this and I
might make these pictures bigger but
that's the beauty of having a blog is
that I can adjust and adapt accordingly
a lot really follow my hair like this
but just printed it off my face it's at
like as it's got to help us five and
Benji's on its way over and making of
carbon oxygen tonight and we're just
going to have a night in so I'm gonna
end the vlog here for today and I will
see you tomorrow I just tied it up so
everything's nice and clean then wash up
last night I've done this morning and it
is a squawk so I need to stop we're
gonna make a cup of tea as well and
today I'm working on my free lunch stuff
for a large portion of the day and I'm
going to carry on with my fellow dorm
dog pose and it gets the post off base
much it really nothing exciting
discharged about Church in this so I'm
going to do that come back to you later
okay it's lunchtime and I finished my
freelance stuff I had a bit uh nightmare
actually because facebook business pages
were bound so I can actually do half my
work which is a bit annoying I'm not
very hungry for lunch yet so I'm
basically looking out by my window and
it's super sunny and I don't have a
garden or anything but I still need
shoot loads of work so I'm going to go
to the gym I'm not actually going to do
a workout I'm just going to sit in the
outside area use their Wi-Fi and catch a
little bit of sunshine there to get my
lunch there and carry on working because
I've got this Benidorm stuff done
I really want to get one of the post up
today and I also need to edit a video
here something up hide in the pool
to my email I'm still my comment and
I've been inside the last four hours my
niche my Benidorm for both one or three
I've edited my equal flash may favorite
skin than the description and thumbnail
and I'm not letting it right at my audio
my phone because it was rated up in love
and now I'm going to stop the second
book oh it's 22
hi Benj is working in chance for today
but he's coming back training such as
he's coming home but he'll be heading
back up off sick and the good sense it
is quarter to eight I don't really know
where the times gone to be honest but I
was at the gym working away it got for
like quarter past 6:00
I drove to Lidl to get some dinner for
Ben's night tonight we were going to
make stuffed putters and then he called
me and he was like I've been sick I've
got heat stroke and he's been working
outside I think he's been working in a
really hot room and and he wasn't very
well so I have a huge phobia of sick and
I'm I ended up driving back home
mother drive home I spoke to Charlotte
also known as Little Miss chicas and
Charlotte a rough shot who I'm going
toward Disney World with in September
and so we she went away on her solo trip
and then I went and it's all fun
actually had a proper catch up with her
we were on the phone for an hour and 10
minutes until I was like I'm very hungry
I haven't eaten actually didn't have
lunch today I just had a couple of
snacks and I had a smoothie so not
exactly the best I need some food so I'm
going to fix and famine in got since I'm
interesting for me to rest up you know
you can fall I've got some mash and I'm
just going to stick some veg with it
pretty boring really my postal voting
packs have come through it some kind of
complicated I don't there's a lot of
like numbers and my name and my dress
favourites I'm not going to show you it
however I'm basically going to be on
holiday when
it's the election day so I obviously
registered to vote and I requested
postal vote it was actually I have to do
it on my mother's house as I had to scan
over this like registration form to do a
postal vote actually watch my month just
for my behalf which I think she can now
but I am just going for postal vote
anyway there's instructions on what to
do so basically sit and figure out
there's six steps I've done it
um yeah that took a lot longer than I
thought it was going to
it's basically against all the council
and I have to follow all these
instructions properly so there's an
envelope inside here and then on my
details and I've signed it and dated it
and stuff and yeah that was the step by
step it wasn't too complex that you just
I can imagine somebody's maybe getting
that wrong but I think I've done a fine
but yeah I've now officially done my
vote two weeks before the actual date
obviously I'm not here to tell you who I
voted for or my political opinion on
anything because I'm not comfortable
discussing it and although I like to use
my voice I just want to raise awareness
for voting and that it's important to
vote and if you're registered and do
make sure you take the time on the day
of the 8th of June which was the 8th to
go down and vote for the party that you
believe in the most and so yeah I'm done
I'm going to post that off later
everybody happy Thursday I am outside at
nando with Fraser
phrasal ultimate - come with me fenders
must be come with me tonight to see
practic a bein but he's not very well so
second bus some rest yeah Fraser has
come along and said I was like oh it's
not good I just like on my own like me I
really want to see it tonight because
it's just come out today so yeah we're
going to have nanos and today I've kind
of really boring diet has been working
working on blog post and then something
else event really he's been asleep from
this afternoon he didn't look as if he's
really pale or he's a much much better
and he dropped loads of also any stats
on it so I'm pretty sure it's a migraine
bless them so I will catch you after the
film it should be good have you seen the
repack tree for me I haven't seen it I
gently when we were in st. Lucia where
they film the part of the cove in the
air one of us got towed to or chosen to
do the river the parts of having my
baton take to do it well like that
because we wanted and then we watched
all the vibes of Camarines in one go
would you like on the composer Gary oh
my god was that all in ammonia we saw
the whole Bible College that's cool if
anyone should be getting excited for us
so we're doing actually really nice
eating Nando's outside but I've got a
mango and no lemon herb today wrapped
chicken wrap coastal and chips are
really good yeah remember can't until
decide yeah sitting household rules
and try to cut the things at warm
Pirates of the Caribbean
oK we've just caught the cinema it was
really good actually did you enjoy it
and yeah I thought it was really good
Disney did not disappoint it is the
classic parents of cabbie and franchise
and storyline but they did it very well
actually really enjoyed it look it's the
route to go that girl's room yeah we had
a good time so yes at tomorrow I'm Jimin
and Ryan blog post person of my day the
right coaching as weekend oh we're going
to sequences again same except larger
staterooms informers for the MacGuffin
product and I have to be honest I was
actually playing it off for a while
because a I've got six tickets I have to
like organized several skip the other at
same time but be it feels like the
darkest thing involvement if you heard
like this it's also like warmest darkest
secrets of things and our focus for
supplying to talk to more about it on
something but absolutely really scary
with like dive actors and staff concern
is not enough and is not scary as I'm
not doing it with character and so yeah
we're doing that something items which
begins
but yeah good morning it's Friday it's
coming up 8 a.m. and I'm at the gym I
took Benj to work this morning and I
think I was going to spend like a day
here and go swimming and stuff that I've
come on my period so I think I'm just
going to do a gentle cardio workout and
then I'm going to go to my mum's and
pick up my cap kits and parcel and
yesterday I got some things from 101
Dalmatians collection I'll show you
those later when I gets my mum's but for
now I'm just going to go do I think like
45 minutes to an hour if I can there's
people coming so I see ah I'm done okay
I've been home bargains and I picked up
like anti-semites like cream and into
propellant and more Sun cream and things
like that and got some more bits for a
holiday next week I'm going to go and
post my vocal thing and when I walk into
Primark I've changed my course page
including my car that came into some
clean ones I'm at my mum's I'm just
doing a little bit of work on my laptop
because I realized it's been cooling
Monday I haven't scheduled any of my
clients stuff so I also don't want to
welcome and they want to be my friends
and family and yeah I work on Tuesday
instead if you've been watching my
channel for a long time then you will
recognise this setup so used to film her
all the time but I obviously feel at my
mom's house and I've just finished
sorting out all my client stuff for the
weekend so that's all good car past
11:00 now and I wanted to go through
this hassle with you I got sent I just
realized that the Lighting's a bit
better this way so I've just found a
chair and propped you up it's such a
nice day outside I can't went to haven't
fit in it but anyway I wanted to show
you this very exciting parcel but I was
sent yesterday so cap Kitson have
recently started collaborating with
Disney two of my favourite brands and I
was so excited when they released the
Mickey and Minnie collection it was
before Christmas because for Christmas I
got the laptop sleeve I put the passport
holder and I've got the phone case and
then just after Christmas being in the
year they released Winnie the Pooh
collection I didn't get anything from
the winning the Pooh collection because
nothing really stood out to me but then
when I got the email through 401
dimensions that was one of my favourite
films and
little girl and I really like what
they've done to me the collection just
feels a bit more girly it's got more of
their like cap kits and classic rose
petals all over it which you'll see in a
sec and I just fell in love with it and
then I got an email from the lovely
people at cap kits and who I've known
for ages because I met them way back in
2015 when they redesigned some of the
beach shops and in Bournemouth so I met
the pr girls then and yeah they said oh
we've got a parcel with your name on it
come and confirm your address and I was
like that yeah we said they said we've
got a Disney cast with your name on it
can we confirm your address Mel's like
huh and it came the next day which was
yesterday but my brother was meant to
bring it for dinner - dinner last night
and he didn't he forgot so nonetheless I
am here to show you what I got so it is
absolutely stunning and this is actually
the first time I'm going through it I've
had a little like sneaky peek because I
was too excited but I just wanted to
give you my first impression so the
first thing on the top is the phone case
it's a rubber phone case black it says
Disney X cap Kitson and it's got one of
the puppies peeking over the top which I
absolutely love now I love you note I
have an eye ring on my phone which I
really likes I think I'm just going to
put this on for a bit of fun and they
were going to go on holiday I just
really liked it they only do for an
iPhone 7 so I'm pretty pleased that I'm
going to set my phone I am a sucker for
stationery I love nice stationery and
this is a really beautiful notebook
that's got all the puppies on and rose
petals all over it this is going to be
my new work and blog book because it's
actually a really decent size it's a
really nice like the hard quality on the
front and then got sliced thick lined
paper inside so I absolutely adore that
don't ask me how much these things are I
have no idea I'll link them below and
then you can see if there's anything
left by the time this goes up I also
have a pencil case which is so perfect
if I don't own a pencil case and
actually when I go away or go to a
meeting and I really do need just a
little something to carry some pens and
a pencil and stuff in so this is
gorgeous because it matches and it
actually says cap kits and on the label
really really really cute perfect in the
same print there's a little like wash
bag makeup bag whatever you want to use
it for I actually
have a little black bag I use from all
my period essentials and all my
tournaments and it broke I've had it for
years and years and years and it's
recently broke as its broke and this is
actually going to be a plastic-like size
for me to carry my bits and bobs round
in and set up I'm basically going to use
it for real ah this is an apron oh my
god I don't own an apron not I do a lot
of cooking or baking art hello isn't
this amazing I don't want to get it all
out really because I'm going to
photograph it but it's basically it's
Naquin and it's in the same print and
it's adorable
oh my god I love it ah open it I got a
new husband it oh my gosh my oven that's
horrible it from Ikea oh my gosh it's a
double one as well this is so nice it's
going to look so cute in my kitchen it's
got a lamb hook as well because I hang
my things in my kitchen so I love it how
pretty is that
especially while I live on my own my
flat super girly that is perfect a
little wash bag this is so so damn cute
it's basically spotty black and white
and it's like clear I can imagine this
cleans very easily and washes really
well so I really do like this they do a
bigger version as well and I'm tempted
if they still have any left to get the
bigger version to I have one of each but
it's such a nice quality I absolutely
love it their collection is so gorgeous
and then I'm saving the best to last
because this is my always a pen pen oh
my god that's adorable oh my gosh how
adorable the 10 matches I can put that
many pens case of mini notebook I said
in the best to last this one is by far
my favorite of all of it I think maybe
the same case as well or two no but this
is from the like townhouse range I think
so you like the rose print which is what
majority value is and then you've got
this really gorgeous like townhouse
puppy range this is an overnight bag but
I've noticed it's got little poppers on
so I think this goes inside the bag but
you basically the bag comes like this
which is just so good for traveling and
I'm going to take this with my hand
luggage bag when I go away next week so
I don't have to describe it but the
inside is become wash it easily and it's
pretty big this is going to be so
perfect for traveling and I'm presuming
the pressure inside yes it does I am
smitten and actually submission another
I love it so much
all right so gorgeous just a disclaimer
this isn't sponsored I was just very
kindly sent me things I didn't have to
talk about them cap cuts and just very
generous because they know my love for
Disney thank you very very very much
cap Kitson for being super generous and
I love everything very much it's all
going to get lots of good use and good
lies one of the best email packages I've
had an ages I'm so fussy I just don't
know what to say it blows my mind that
Bratton send stuff to people like me and
I will be a very good brand ambassador
for calculus because I'm now going to be
am rocking this everywhere I go I'm
going to actually display all this at my
mom's garden see if I can do a little
flat lay and then the right little blog
post on it because I like it so much
also I was very kindly sent a little
parcel from the body shop so they spent
some crisp some watermelon splash blue
by P which I've never had do go t come
we have been into the one in Brighton
but never had anything from them and
then drops of life some sort I don't
actually know what this is I need to try
out and apply every morning some sort of
motion thing I don't know but I'm really
excited about it as a press release here
so I can have a little Duke oh here go
complete 100% vegan youth enhancing
fresh skin care regime how exciting
Wow I love the body shop a lot and now
for the smaller wardrobe of things I'll
show you I got a permit later but like
that's my gym bag and my overnight bag
and my handbag and my new bits in there
it is hard it is so like I'm not
complaining
because it's a cordis but yeah it's warm
see what the temperature is xmax 1o
seconds I got my phone case on and love
it doesn't have an eye ring on it
obviously though so I'm just having it
on for this file at the moment oh these
are new Primark three-pound love them I
don't know what I plan is because we
have been invited to well it's
definitely beach day like des no doubt
about it but we've been invited to
sandbanks beach and pool but I don't
really want to go down there and when I
have the beach out so my mum and John
are heading down the noun phrase is
already down there so I think when
they're trying to mix bench go to the
hut tonight and sleep there tonight
that's what I want to do anyway so yeah
I'm going to go home and really please
I've got my blogpost on for the cap kits
and stuff's actually and took the photos
edited it and uploaded it and well as it
my mum's and that's all done it's now
one o'clock so I need to go home and eat
and just sort my life out really it's a
very quick mini Primark haul I basically
went in to get some underwear so I
picked up my favorite which of these
Brazilian packs of three and I wanted
just black and white or beige but they
only had colours in today so yeah I just
got loads more of those and I'm going to
been out all my coral old underwear and
they're five times each and then I've
got these ones for when it's my time of
the month which is now and I really like
nice briefs to wear you know because I
wear pads so I need nice underwear and
then I think got this brown belt I saw
my friend Jess Styles have white denim
shorts with a brown belt and a shirt and
it looks super nice so I don't have
about this color so I thought I just put
one of those two pounds and I got some
cotton buds through ATP and this white
zip up Hoodie you guys know how much I
love my Jack wheels one this one I put
in my favorites video check out if you
haven't washed already and I thought I
would get one in white because it was
only 7 pounds this is going to be super
nice for like travelling going to the
beach going to the gym going to Benji's
like it's just a great little piece so I
might even get another one to be honest
but yeah now I've got all this stuff to
unpack but all over it is go to the
beach so I might just like stick my
bikini on some Sun cream and walk down
to the beach and go in some base because
there's no time like the present I might
even make myself a bagel and take it
with me mini picnic 9 only today you can
tell I am sweaty sandy I'm sticky salty
I think I'm moving and it's the news we
have made it to the beat chart we have
to get taxi to a place called the hungry
hiker and then it's about a 20 minute
walk and then just bought us dinner so
we're going to make burgers tonight I'm
so excited I'm so hungry mum and John
have actually just gone out in the
harbor they've got mum bought these
paddle boards but they're like blow-up
ones but ours really specs spectacle set
little set skeptical skeptical sceptic
about it I gotta say that welcome
skeptical anyway I was I was I was a bit
about them I thought well no they can't
be any good and they are they're
actually really really good but they're
like the proper blow-up ones that we had
when we were in Greece last year but
mums coming in already she's only been
out for like two minutes what's she
doing you happy yeah
good morning good morning actually it's
12 o'clock so it's lunchtime we've just
come home from the beach
and I want to show you these super cute
gingerbread people that bench picked it
up they actually look like us either in
yours in German man my girl's blond so I
don't know maybe not but nearly yeah
super cute so today we're having a
pretty chill one I need to seriously
tidy up and unpack from Benidorm still
we're going to do is have a lazy
afternoon and then we're going to the
MacGuffin project thing tonight which is
like an escape runs it's a new one in
Bournemouth if you watch my weekly vlogs
a couple declare we cracked I say we
don't crack the lock to open up the
parcel thing I'm losing the world to
live you know a genocide
we're doing that tonight with my friends
Joe and Calum and my brother and his
friend there's six of us and then we're
going to go for tap after dinner and
then we're going to go out for drinks so
I need to transform my face and my hair
and I was pretty pretty much allowed to
tell you I'm gonna eat my gingerbread
lady where's vehicles you're headed no I
was in Japan okay it's chopper 12
Benji just gone to get as a pizza and
his laptop and I'm just tidying up the
place is so messy so yeah just make it
look a bit nicer again it music playing
it's quite nice we have a ride I'm
excited about it yeah because the be
mailing is in here
but nothing's excited we're not allowed
phone so I would come soon after so
we've just got out of the MacGuffin
project and oh my goodness it was so
good it really exceeded my expectations
bearing in mind of any of its own one
escape room which was in Iceland and
that was a really empty prison cell so
there wasn't a lot to look at and see
this was completely different I'm
actually how did you into it I'm so good
you know like loads of things here
not aware you're looking there's always
something that you can be doing yeah and
spread out a little you can even well we
did this to more of a team they said we
did it in like record time we did it in
like 44 minutes and we didn't ask for
help once it was really good really well
themed really fun there was like
something for everyone and almost
everyone cracked a little bit on our
part yeah it was good I really enjoyed
it so if you're in Bournemouth or you're
coming to Bournemouth and I find
recommend giving a go you can have
groups up to six people I think which is
what we did today
it wasn't like claustrophobic it wasn't
scary and it was really really good so
I'm going to link them below huge thank
you to the guys for having us today
because we were kind of invited to try
it out and let you know what we thought
and I think we all really enjoyed it I
know my brother really enjoyed it and he
loves cracking things like that so I
needed you it was really really cool
thanks
yeah it was really made my day I really
enjoyed that it's actually the Sun to
come out it's really hot I'm actually
going to go
cockney see me bro we're going to go for
tapas for dinner so I'm going to meet
the car water first lortell class
because I didn't have enough in Spain
cut really see me so I'm going to go
yeah right okay we're down a place for
then passenger am i having tax I'm going
to show you are
yeah we had a cheese and wine on Monday
today - mine okay thank you
dinner was so yummy really enjoyed I'd
never been til a tasket oh I'm pretty
sure it's a chain and one of us had to
do this camp though it took like 25
pounds a little better swords bonus and
when I walking down to Aruba which is
one of my favorite places if you watch
my vlogs and you know I absolutely love
a river it's a great Beach far although
the Pyramid of the moment to be honest
and okay we're going to go and have
cocktails I'm actually driving tonight
so I'm going to be having non-alcoholic
ones probably just going to have
non-alcoholic meat or something yummy
and yeah I'm going to show you the view
so here we are four must be so oh my
gosh it's so be keen on let me fix it
there we go and that's what we're going
up there on that balcony and they felt
like a background area here which is
quite nice and we've got the form of
wheel I love it so nice oh wow hello
everybody
happy Sunday I've just got the bath it's
actually about lunchtime and this
morning
Benji and I went to his house gave
passport because of it and send it to me
which is meant to do but if the Carey
director is how we picked it up I've got
possession of the password though and we
checked in on mine so we are all ready
to go got a boarding passes before there
and back actually and we save them on
our wallet our frames which is really
really cool and we've only got my car
cleaned because I parked under a tree
yesterday completely were in the car
berber all over I had leaves all over it
so when I got my car clean this morning
we came home and he made breakfast for
us so he made scrambled eggs on bagels
which have favorite breakfast to have on
the weekend and he made me a cup of tea
and I've been watching so seeing Dave
disney vlogs jade who has she got
married her husband is called Matt so
Jade and Matt if you don't really watch
Jade Annika and second date below
amazing Disney's videos to watch them of
what she leaves is weekly vlog which oh
I just thought Carly Rowena got married
at the weekend Tilly on so just in like
try and have a little sneaky peek at
everything and watched her new videos a
huge congratulations for then and I'm
pretty sure the Anna
edit then Anna I would suppose with
young makeup but Anna and her was her
partner called mark remember bit and I'm
mark I think they got married as well as
you can which is super sweet so just
been doing a little bit of social media
in the bar having a little Stoke it's
the last day of my period
I always find that the first day in the
last day is really quite painful
so my parents are real so that I have a
Stoke that definitely helped and I've
got a lot of tidying up to do still so
I've done all my washing now so I'm
going to put that all away and have done
like that's from Benidorm so I'm going
to repack it and rely on it ready for
next week and then a few bits and bobs
lying around and
the fins and stuff so we're going to go
to the beach hunt today tonight because
my quality money tomorrow but the
weather's awful is like chalky or rain
so I think we're just going to have
really chilled Sunday a home and is next
door watching the formula 1 and I've got
some work to do so I've got edit this
vlog handle any editing this week for
this videos I've got to do that that in
a few hours I've got to finish up some
blog posts I've been working on for
Benidorm I want to kind of get that
wrapped up in the next week because then
Henry stuff will star in all honesty I
didn't really know how to talk about
this but since the Manchester attacks on
Monday I've been thinking a lot about it
over the last week I know it's been a
week since you guys watched watching
this video but the more I think about it
the more sad it makes me feel and I was
obviously out with my friends last night
and we had a really nice night actually
we were just we have I was driving so I
had and nightclub drinks but we all had
like some drinks outside in the Sun a
place would be stable and we went to rib
originally but so packed in that we
moved to the stable and we just set out
aside and it was nice and we didn't go
home to like half 11 and so we spent
hours and hours and hours chatting and
one of the topics of the soup was
Monday's attacks and we're talking about
how well just how obviously devastating
is and how that individual targeted
those children a concert and it breaks
my heart I don't really know the right
words to say in all honesty other than I
am thinking of anyone who's been
affected by Monday's attack my thoughts
and prayers go out to anyone who is
suffering or his friends or family or
was there because I can't imagine how
scary that would have been on that night
and I've read lots of things on social
media about how you know it's realized
people and I can't I can't imagine what
that must feel like and be like you had
a few subscribers and girls particularly
reach out to me I've had a few messages
on Instagram from girls saying that they
were there or they were affected by the
attacks and they've watched my videos
this week and that's helped them but
regardless if they're watching my videos
are not I am replying and speaking to
people on social media and Twitter and
stuff and
I just don't have the right words in all
I'm scared it has the best words to
define or guidance or anything other
than that my thinking of all of you so
so actually the time is logoff here
today just so I can edit and chill and
Curly arson because my boyfriend today
this week I'm going to try and do a
packing video for Tenerife so there'll
be one more week you saw on Monday while
I'm away it will be a short one a Monday
to Friday weekly vlog for you and I was
trying to packing video as well I'm
going to give it a good go and that
would be at Monday and then I'm
obviously on holiday on Sunday so super
excited I go away this time next week
I'll be in Henry wood bench and that's
for your last choice I hope you have a
lovely week please subscribe if you're
not already and I will see you next
Monday
oh no later in the week for packing
video or next 24 weeks book I have a
good one bye
