Oh No listen up that I can get home boy
I need a punch me applause I'll tell you
what I want
everybody
so we are on our way
excited and real quiet because it's just
a key here mommy there's no key no baby
baby with Grandma think of Grandma and
then she got all three of the kids and
the guys I tricked my mama
I'm amazing establishes a difference
Halloween cannot go on our ancestry
Lawrence is a bit romantic in a dead
romantic small you invite England so
much awkward again yeah and yeah it's
really good
so into catching the train from these
Airport to be sojourn people said sure
we are catching up to to silence and not
get arrested
so we are scroll say one of our
anniversary trip and loving it like this
beautiful that shows everything like
this I merely came up and what's the
time famous so today we got in in the
afternoon so we have a walk you know
head to the Duomo to a ride yes the San
Giovanni being into the river no
shopping shopping shopping
window shopping always the window
shopping because you're in it associated
because my she obviously is I have very
large feet so a company can notice about
the shoes is made in Italy some like
really I should be super nervous I was
like my mission if I see me
beautiful Italian Serie yes we just
taking a little stroll and look for some
ice cream and take you the size you need
to hit the gelato if you're in Florence
we are in this basic thing
narrator once we get
I've got my big camera me feel about
myself you can get them nicer picture
say that's my home and it's all a little
character there maybe mr. Feeny I know
know would love that he loves horses
my feeling when we go to the police I
was like oh my gosh I've seen middle of
them about three times already see and
they're having a great time the always
grandma thanks guys for grandmas right
example Arthur family who just helped
out so you know my mother could have a
little alone time
you have no babies no we do oh yeah so
weird scary people walking I'll show you
goes around a beautiful beautiful place
and hopefully giving Joe some ideas we
plan on coming to you as well
yeah Tyler yeah it was great
I'm mixing it is so warming sensation
and Mandela and that perspective you
classic
so there's so many Ice Cube leaders on
the bridge Ponte Vecchio what we found
is literally which is absolutely awesome
so if you're in Florence don't go to the
court of the bridge come here is what
they call Cantina can see later
change
eighty guys how are you looking for that
from five minutes no I'm looking for
like a good hour jumping in a queue I
walk in slowly so it's not far from you
know the center - he acts there
Michelangelo's great click toward the
Thunder there so it's a bit of a climb
and I let Mike Angelo
they're wrong as Michelangelo and let me
know from peaceful family historian you
know Google's own activity like stuff
like yeah he knows I'm walking I'm just
by looking for the national news news
somebody and then he's like all things
this is where World War summer something
happens this is where this happens
without the other guy energy baby
he loved his training more working more
walking we're going all the way up there
so guys we've been standing on this M is
Deborah crossing for a while but it
seems like no traffic as she wants to
stop I do it being Deborah Kasich yeah
again tire irons please your life is
yours I just like going to be proposing
my husband Santos or motorbike and have
to take a moment to appreciate it maybe
- maybe our BT on 1000s be to find our
moment and then I saw where we mean from
metro line marking Warner here is great
so we've walked back from piazza
michelangelo and now we're back to the
gorgeous collaterally pity just you know
down the road from the Ponte Vecchio
obviously I like to eat right so I did a
bit of homework found a fantastic
restaurant great wine selection and you
know it's not like a traditional
trattoria to Alba the food is good local
locally source great wine do you reserve
the treasure from the UK yeah that's it
what is driving when you're talking
about wine so your eye is like what you
feel on your tongue even deciding on
which is like the dryness is there
called planning the wine could be that
right behind the flavor it sounds like a
wine expert so much we haven't tasted I
got all these I don't know why I've got
a very isolating
- could you teach me the fine art of
wine I'm all about my Haiti when Miriam
who was that happy very good Leno really
ever got my trouble - orange really
Florence because we try coming in
friends like icy water costs more the
bedroom the truth we have a quick fit my
quick tip in fact
xwt you are which is that the compiler
itself an algorithm is a cannon Oh
talk about a period or zone when the
flower man comes by and your husband
says hey baby we gonna get one in your
anniversary we don't get the flower man
flowers it's not mine overpriced valid
and useful new is equipment we have
Obama thank you never see you
you call my heart what is it that you
live was great who you ask
I can no need to come you don't care
about the alley
you're my hot tea nice
I just want to love you just wanna all
you just wanna be with you till we grow
Oh
Oh
morning everybody
if it's out thank you all today and
we're having breakfast now and check
soccer figures out we're going in full
like anniversary theme so we're working
this this morning at that one see I got
it she liked it maybe I'm addicted to
the love that you give it you got me you
got me good
oh you got me you got me good oh thank
you it's a mystical 94 just up
and they have their mind has size this
holiday with you're all about culture
and so it's a wake up group for another
walk enjoy the sound like listening we
have to go now this is my schedule also
husband invites plans everything project
I mean I like having some fun fun easy
more relaxing yes yes so this one is the
infinity gallery you know love artwork
and sculptures are in its own and then
the second one is you know to go around
around Florence taken Joseph to be about
two hours
and we've got these little micro musical
guys definitely Roger Roger
there's loads of people here like so
see if I can find a site so we are here
as you can have the last and Sydney
Galilee at Whitby so if you're in
Florence is definitely one place to
visit to see it's very popular with
tourists there we've been in the queue
for about 10 minutes which is let's head
in I'm not sure what the rules are
forgot to film a toffee how it goes you
can felt a bit like well it's not you
just be assuming a doubt about to go
into the security video - security
Yeah right so we're just about to start
the tour we can film which is okay as
long as no flash photography but warning
there's a lot of nudity like in those
days alone yeah
Renaissance Renaissance
hey hey so we just finished outdoors
after hours I bit negative doing this
article it's hard we are and they have
three really good actually enjoyed it
and I'll be honest I'm not an option
when we founded ship make sure in a
server of Shiva completely enjoyed and
Sam because they experience we recommend
yeah definitely so babe looking for some
like souvenirs are stuff to get the kids
found anything nice work
I found anything nice yes we did to
Roman Italian
maybe like yeah the Libby like coloring
about that looks nice huh
no way how does that even sound to me
Olivia love that
oh no she's going in
he's in love he's in love
haha
hey hey hey careful
we are now off to the neck toss this one
if we were looking to and the family had
he's got the map I've ever rushed
because it starts them out team it
probably a good fight my way through
this experience serious power walking
right now now you can read the map I'm
very bad reading much I think I took
much casualties of us will be rain of it
we are losing in academia and we're back
playing famous drum roll Mike Angelo's
David
so we just finished off in the Galleria
and we thought the famous my graduate
David last time masters like me was a
native that I was not peaceful haha
I think this history of the history
behind it I feel what you don't get if I
want to meet it by myself I think I was
a student I did after I read all the
little science person that's all that
explains it so nonetheless although I
just think it makes such a difference if
you get your bike and it makes it spirit
the billionaire III more gallery a lot
more you know a lot more better tissue
you learn so much more than car so we're
on the walk again if ever needs a kite
and pretty much walk a yeah yeah it's
really small but there's so much to see
how much culture probably the air pieces
as well so we can hear what the Pope is
saying is a realtor make it was quite
loud we've got these actually should
subscribing the area and our way now to
the next spot which is the Cathedral
community we are also asking for akhirah
the RPG is the wedding in mexicali
miracle
let me salivate so let you dance that
I'm
by a guy Hey
so will you come back from tour number
two Thanks right amazing husband who
just loves history and culture and
walking I am twenty thousand steps or
even more we feel like I said for a week
I was really it was really really good
so we changed because we're having
accident I really move but we thought
which is had a little bit Chani bit
where we share with you some of the
things we covered in our quiet time to
some of the things we've been flexing on
lately because you know it has been so
helpful for us and hopefully you know it
can help anything guys out there as well
but we thought we'd do something more
different want to take a topic sometimes
we just do that as well for study so the
shittest topic we feel we need to grow
in more I think that topic to its
individual studies and when we come
together we discuss it and kind of
bounce ideas off each other and that's
what I believe marriage should be like
you know iron sharpens iron and then
yeah that's what really works for us so
a topic that we were focusing on this
week is attitudes and thoughts and the
u.s. is generally important for
spiritual life but it's so important for
us as a married couple especially as we
approach five years of marriage and
that's been something I've always been
challenged with quite a lot but we've
grown in and even never stopped learning
about so we kind of came back and
revisit that topic I love to share with
you guys what we learn and some of the
scriptures we found a really helpful in
terms of helping us adjust the way we
think that we've been meditating on is
what is abilities Philippian placement
really good cuz so I'll read this one
and now here brothers and sisters
one final thing fix your thoughts on
what is true and honorable and right and
pure and lovely and admirable you know I
think about things that excellent and
worthy of great don't think about lies
misconceptions you know is this is is
true
and pure honorable things you know
always think about the positives and
what is true and you know don't listen
to you know the lies of the enemy about
your relationships thank you you know I
do the other scriptures in romance which
of that not copying the world the covers
of behavior sisters world be transformed
by the renewing of your minds and that's
so so important you have to let God
renew your mind if you're gonna
ultimately see changes happen and that
goes hand in hand with prayer I think we
bypass the whole point the women that
had come to God and communicate with him
and speak to him
and he's a good father he's there he
wants to talk to us the enemy goes
around probably not like rolling I am
looking for fun to kill feelings joy and
you looking to pull our hearts away from
each other pull hearts away from our
spouse so to change our thinking we
ultimately have to know God or heart yes
thank you
hot and I'm just praying God changed
myself changer to change my wife but
sometimes she's asking God you know it
sounds a little bit of humility say God
you know helped me to see truth and help
me to analysis me help me to change and
to help me to see my spouse the same
ways that crises them so I hope this
helps and we need to get ready for
dinner grub I'm hungry
so we are off to dinner how old how
we're always walking reading or up as we
go home do a quick change start evening
a tire and look like the evening time
it's also sunny here babies in the last
room the night time has gone so quickly
we protect so much in this trip a lot
psyche and what kind of
good for meat and also family he had a
local pastor another one with really
good reviews do I not to run home this
way and this our family is really good
or safe okay rich man okay I think the
great thing about this house is that you
don't actually need a car there becomes
a Florence do not get a car thing the
thing people get one and completely
regret it
and she don't need one at all everything
is within walking distance I think I can
talk much long - about to be some more
power key
I guys made it just in time tricky
inside everything is injustice has a
combination of I need to look like
Facebook let's come Stephanie
conversation see na na se na
well that's not how you spell it for
everything
you came round little yeah another
talking came in shine get table and
alike I'm sorry again thank you and they
said no but they definitely look like 10
or 11 is actually very popular
great do what you do and all that work
and I rang them up like can I get a
table for a solo cage not very clear not
speak up speak up what may might like
Samuel Samuel I'm like Sam like sad you
know five name
they were like sad I am okay I wish you
got a prison I'm betting it is very my
value human life
order year Luke and Ravi ology very
insightful than a collegiate useful
thing running
but if you use this is awesome I never
see you
you stole my heart what is this like you
life was great you add color to some kid
I guess it sounds fake his arrived both
laugh I think is in your head first time
I'm having medium real what do you have
me
I'm not be happy about my husband having
this much red meat
I'll go vegan operated shut up Robert
really our world of family and I've got
lasagna love it civilizing it was not
the biggest meat-eater but Mike I mean
I'm the time had to say I wanted well as
done and I won't agree to that
Sam like hits medium usually variously
I'm well done
she likes going to be no but I'm going
to I'm going to do a little poll and see
what you guys are leaving me whether
you're medium medium rare I think
someone knows everything in between
ok see what other people like so we're
gonna enjoy this meal our last night in
my Lawrence and
and here's my beautiful wife in her
natural habitat
was that too tight
I think if they go
you stole my heart
what is this IQ
ninth grade - you a - color
no need to smell me don't care about the
other world
you're my heart be like I just want to
love you just wanna loan you just wanna
be with you till we grow tell me you'll
stay
Oh baby you II illogical myself every
single day
my
