Sicily so I'm here with our lovely
friends Sophie and Matt we are staying
at Villa Nadia which is here beautiful
Villa is very kind of typical Sicilian
not that I really know what typically is
like I imagine it'd be like this I'll
give you a quick tour latex it's
actually quite bright and hard to see
inside now and we have some lovely
little villa and a beautiful pool you
can see behind me so we arrived super
late last night grabbed pizza wine and
pistachio ice cream literally all the
cliches when you come to Italy so that's
pretty much all we did last night and
the lovely owner and his daughter think
it's his daughter who is Dorotea of
Villa Dorotea they showed us Brown
quickly and now I think we're going to
head to the beach rented a car but we do
have a slight blip in that there's a
power cuts and the gates to get out the
villa require power so we're just gonna
try a key fob on our set of keys and
we're going to go noose explore
hey guys I thought I would just update
you because I haven't picked up a camera
very much today I'm super shiny forgot
load of Sun cream on um it's very echo
in here so we did end up going for a
drive but it wasn't very fruitful
actually we drove into the town of
Marsala but I think maybe it was like
siesta time or something because
everything was very closed and we drove
to a marina which was kind of like an
old fishing village style marina but
quite industrial so didn't really hang
around there too much and then we drove
to a beach which we've been recommended
to go to but it was quite quite almost
like a building site like doing workmen
everywhere
quite a lot like slabs of rubble on the
beach and the restaurant was closed so
then we decided that we just come back
to the villa because it's nice and sunny
we didn't want to waste any more time in
the car so we went to a supermarket we
got some pasta some really nice parmesan
and some meat and we cooked lunch here
and we've just spent the past couple of
hours out by the pool enjoying the
sunshine and I thought I just give you a
very quick minute all while the lighting
is good so we are now in the like main
area it's kind of a very very open plan
that Villa so this is like the now and
cherry
got some nice little painting from the
walls we've got a big TV like lounge
area over here a very pretty fireplace
behind me some little candles I think
they're I wish a limoncello but it's not
limoncello is it citronella consider
nella candles and a dining table and
then through here is the kitchen where
we have oh my gosh we had a nightmare
earlier so they never used their
dishwasher before we had to take the
plastic wrap off the dishwasher
and when we set it off not immediately
but like 20 minutes later there was a
power cut and we text the owners and he
was like oh maybe you've exceeded the
energy balance of the house so I think
we've kind of buggered things up a
little bit and then because of the power
cut we couldn't get out of the property
because the electric gates and the works
we had to yank them open so not the best
start um but yes so that's this is the
kitchen from that or super really nice
tiles yeah very pretty very typical
Sicilian I keep getting random cravings
for coke and I never drink coke so maybe
I'm having a bit of trouble oh and also
I keep noticing even though the Sun is
not very strong I'm really getting quite
hand-sew wonderful thing about Sicily is
great tanning
so I've just come down to the driveway
and you can get a better view of the
villa here looks really beautiful up on
the hill and the view really is great
beautiful view and that is C we also
rented a car from one of the companies
at the airport
it has a really good decision because
it's quite nice to be able to drive
around and discover new places although
I have to say driving on the opposite
side of the road is proving to be quite
challenging ticularly with Charlie and
around here the roads are all like
what's the word brick either sides that
are quite narrow and Holly has not got
very good spatial awareness so quite
scary look at that oh my god this is so
exciting
it's really hard to do one-handed John
me to go yeah can you do it in a scenic
way for the vlog make it look really
pretty look we both happy special
flavored ice cream treats what have you
got
Magnum pistache oh and I've got Magnum
card oh I'm pretty sure I just said I
was having a Magnum flavored card or I
meant
hotdogs pistachio flavor bombs
so we've come out for dinner at a place
I think it's gone it's a salt farm which
seems to be a running theme this summer
I've been to three now I can tell you
all about how salt is produced if you
really want to know but I just came
outside quickly we're already heating
inside because I wanted to show you this
sunset have a look behind me it's so
beautiful
evening it is our second evening Emily
and we've come to the main parts of town
here Marcela and where are we moment
well I don't know via via 11 Maggio yeah
great memory and yeah so I think we
found like the main pedestrian area
thoroughfare it's quite a busy streets
very difficult Italian we walk past lots
pizzerias but we did have a piece of
lunch so we're trying to find something
a little bit different for dinner what
do you
someone meeting something meeting
because we're going to have a little
explore lots of nice little shops you
might put into a few actually on the
other now I won't drop your bill because
we're in the shade in the street we've
got a little tipsy jumpsuit I'm like a
Primark bag
I'm always ringing another jacket makes
and virtually anything
my entire life and morning riding our
bike
rounds but now black Madame Simone is
off the coast of Sicily and it's really
really nice charlie didn't want to
spread bikes because apparently I'm a
spasm bike but actually it was pour soap
that fell off her bike feeling a bit
wounded but we've had a really good time
cycling around the islands we found a
few nice little coves and we've come to
beautiful little beach house it's so
very windy situation
you
so you're giving the bike back we are
all bike that's probably been on the
bikes for about six hours today the
quite unkind
look how Italian Matt looks it is
stripes you don't so it's a Liana oh now
we've found a lovely little Piazza so
we're currently on a mission to finalize
and I think that place my god yeah that
looks like there but ice cream pistachio
here we go she's another madman thank
you you wanna take them out the safe
yeah that one's me
ciao Bella's it's our final morning here
in Sicily do you think I was talking to
you I'm John poisonous it's our final
morning in Sicily and we've driven with
packs out of the villa and we've driven
leave an hour to the north of the island
we're now at the is that about Napa
Valley
Della's Ungaro I think I was caught and
it was probably the most scenic drive
that we've done the whole trip to get
here and we're now doing a little warp
pick a beautiful this view errs so Stein
by travelpod member
Oh
so we've left the coast now looking the
ocean and what we don't
