good marry morning to you it is Monday
it's quite late actually it's 20 to 11
I'm waiting for my friend Emma to get
here because this morning we're going to
be filming a lush horns because lush
upset me all the Halloween stuff I'm
just moving this oh by the way how much
do you love this hello I'm a pumpkin boo
boo it's a maternity top from a sauce
and freaking love it yeah so I'm
basically just getting organized to film
with her I've done a little bit of
writing this morning but not much I'm
wearing the high time sign to get a
little bit stressed about that
bye little bit I mean like fucking loads
stressed about that yes and there we are
shush quiet you um that's the morning
for you my god my hair is quite large I
tried to go a bit like fun on the old
makeup today I'm feeling really positive
last week Monday to Sunday positive days
is there any drunken background they
don't want to see no that's like um
really positive days it's the first full
seven-day week I've had in the whole
pregnancy where I've not had a day where
I felt really really down and emotional
and hormonal and just bad so I'm hoping
that this is one of those weeks as well
I'm not going to let the unrealistic I
think I won't fixed everything is great
but last week was great and I'm feeling
so much for myself I'm interested in
clothes and makeup again I want to go
out and see people just feeling really
good so fingers crossed that continues
hi good morning good morning sir
how are you are you well
are you well you purring oh oh they're
gonna okay bye and good morning to you I
can see that you're busy with your tail
you tried to catch your tail uh uh
because brother yes guess who's here
here again yes I'm here
Rehema I've got something for you you
hold this in anticipation cuz it need my
eyes closed
yeah all the way from Primark Dublin oh
my god can i unbox it
thank you very much the point god oh my
god the flash my job that face speak
isn't it look let me get those what mrs.
Potts I mean the chip compared to it are
you gonna make PMS coach no I'm never
gonna maintain it
that's so much nice than I thought it
was hmm but I like it nothing about to
film my outfits and doing a little
outfit diary how lovely is this backdrop
would you please look at it have you
ever seen a backdrop with such color and
something is something in the way into a
spit work bit well this is exactly one
liam it's the man of my dreams if a man
made you this every day would he'd be
the man of your dreams yeah does he make
you food all the time yeah this one does
up here Oh that'll do
yeah did you get that shot you should do
it again just setting up the camera
taking selfies with the box of teapot
lovely emma is going Hodor is going home
now because she has to go and collect
her kinder eggs a whole little kinder
wee yeah you're welcome to see how the
bath bomb went off show you so this was
monsters ball and it turned out this
like really really really dark color we
didn't film this for the main charm
video so this is an exclusive well it's
this one here this one goes like that
would you Adam and Eve it
over the weekend I was left alone all
day so I did some online ordering and
I'm gonna open it all now most of this
stuff is for the babe
whoa oh my god it's an avalanche it's
now launched let's open this stuff
that's fallen on the back first shall we
we have a jumper books of size one
nappies
these are Pampers nappies I've got wipes
I forgot my face I'm gonna open up to
see how they're a size for nappies that
is so tiny little baby boo I went a bit
crazy with Amerson for various things
some gets me some goodies in here
so I'm a absolutely giant roll of twine
how much is this this is like loads and
loads of meters six hundred and fifty
eight feet of red wine so I bought this
whole Christmas wrapping because I like
to wrap things in brown paper and then
wrapped wine around them and the twine
II get in shops you get like a couple of
meters for a couple of pounds and this I
think was not anywhere near that and you
just like that some last me forever and
I also bought all these gift tags
because in gold
let's go Brown gift active hearts on and
in gold I'm going to write people's
names and it comes with the strings
try them on I like the rustic look and
then question about packaging very
exciting
I bought Liam and I an electric
toothbrush this was on offer and it was
down loads it was really really cares
about but basically there's a lot of
money off and I've seen mrs. Meldrum was
talking about electric toothbrush I
don't know if it is this one or not but
she was like oh it's loads of money on
Amazon and then I saw this on like the
today's deals I'll link it I don't know
if it will still be on the deals thing
but I'll link it anyway and what one is
for us each so that we can have pearly
whites
and then I bought the gold stamp and
what are you Oh what gold snaps have
bought us answers Merry Christmas to
stamp on those little thing of Abhi's
the little them labels I've also bought
some tiny fire fire like tiny fire flyer
fight tiny fire fly lights on a bendy
wider multicolored Dossett says she
wanted rainbow lights in her bedroom Oh
cute
so she's going to have rainbow lights
that was really really really cheap was
like I think it's at around that she
found my cause like great dude and I've
also bought a tiny book of calm as a
little stocking full of my auntie G
Jackie I must admit boy it's gonna be a
full sized book but that's okay okay
pack up calm and then it has little
quotes for every day next box this is a
bottle sterilizer I have this exact
thing with audacity
I wish have kept things I don't think
I'd have more and basically you just put
all the bottles in this thing here you
put a little bit of water in the bottom
and then you put it in the microwave for
a set amount of time and it just does
it's so easy it takes two minutes and it
effectively kills 99.9% of germs how I
should probably talk now about this
because I know they'll become it's about
it there will be some people in the
comments are gonna be like oh my God why
are you buying that aren't you going to
exclusively breastfeed because
breastfeeding and bottle feeding is such
a hot topic I'm being realistic with
myself of Darcy and I breastfed for a
week and then couldn't do it and I know
a lot of people like Billy
you should try harder we were both
hospitalized because we had such
problems with it I lost a lot of blood
and delivery and then just could not
make the milk up and I just got very
down about it and I was just really not
a good time for us at all so with this
baby I'm just being realistic I'm gonna
if breastfeeding happens then look great
and if it doesn't happen then I'm gonna
have all the stuff ready to go all the
bottles and the sterilizes and I won't a
work pill I won't feel guilty about it
like this time because I spent so much
of my time feel it like wracked with
guilt for being this like disgusting
terrible mother and then she turned out
alright so that's what I'm doing I'm
aware that this is gonna be an ongoing
topic in the comments but there we are
it's a bottle sterilizer this one is
heavy I think this will be wipes these
are wipes for cleaning a baby's bottom
after they've used them happy and I can
use these with dog is like Huggies or
pampers or just whatever I bought at the
time but I've heard great things about
these because they're chemical free
99.9% water not put 1 percent fruit
extract National eczema Association
accepted allergy UK friendly product so
I was like yeah kept those make a filing
you pack 720 wipes the boxes sounds
breakable so I bought some things for
post birth to get ready for postpartum
and I did some research and apparently
this is good it's the Aquarius refresher
bday and this is might be a bit TMI for
some people so I had a marginal worth of
dobbsy and that first we we you do after
you've had the baby those first few we
B's my god do they sting they'll be like
mothers of another country being like
yes so apparently I didn't use this last
time I just would like grinned and
Burdick's to all the grit like like
correcting my hand towel um and we at
the same time into a toilet see you fill
this with water and then you can just
put it here and like as your we're you
can squirt water on your area and dilute
the discomfort I'm gonna do a whole
video on basically like fanny prep that
I'm doing for this I'm feeling for
natural delivery have a scary I won't
use that well I think um yeah the
bathroom what's in the box
it's captures fairy lights and what
these as a Christmas present for someone
do look like fat jolly good I also
bought this book a nineteen fifties
mother bringing a baby in the 1950s I
thought that would be really interesting
I saw someone do a video about what life
in the 1950s
I thought give that a Regis foot for
jolly okay my bedding my Christmas
bedding that I bought looks like they're
elves thought that was a bit fun and
then I also bought Darcy vintage kittens
for her bedding look that vintage
kittens if you will and I also bought
the baby to fidget Jersey copper sheets
to go ahead bed
so I bought a couple of hooded towels
three hooded towels for seven pound
fifty or they feel soft at all wash and
I'll be ready then this what a change
Matt I've actually all support oh it's
not as sturdy as I'd have thought and
why it's sturdy up wants to spin out of
the box for a while um I've got some run
away from mother care as well when I had
to I see I have one upstairs and one
down set and it was really really handy
to work like that so that's basically
what I'm doing for this house as well
having and one downstairs a couple
upstairs oh yeah just let that was a fun
pattern stars why what am i bought that
deserve to be wrapped
yeah
it's a snack head
it's an atlas 15 pounds that I'm gonna
put in money round
I've stocked up on socks tiny little
lucky socks for babe
I would like someone's of shrills as
well but I've stocked up on these for
now because everybody cheap and she's
got lots of leggings so so she'll need
some socks for her little footsies and
some muslin squares there's four in this
pack and I thought they all looked
pretty good 375 for amazing and also
these fits like next chief bibs meet
with love monsoon I am having a photo
shoot with Linda buck Scott set up on
Sunday and so a lot of the props for
that are being sent here I'm having one
of my own and she's potentially share
those pictures and then also one with
Darcy with Anna's picture just for me
and and I am going to be Mother Earth
you know some sin is death so I see this
little headband go with her cos you
can't really see it it's a little
butterfly that's one side for the shoot
some more tiny fairy lights
this is the little merry christmas stamp
to go with the how to be championed
biscuit or something else in there how
to be champion by sarah wehmanen bloody
love fat woman she is Hilaire so this is
Henry Burke Sarah McMillan's how to be
champion an autobiography
hello Louise thank you so much for
agreeing to read my book she messaged me
on twitter I'll bite in yes I really
hope you like it and if you do be so
grateful if you could tweet about it
Facebook it all mention it on Instagram
if that's where you play I mention in it
in a video by the way thank you by way
of X you please wanna go since that's
your biscuits a bit especially made
alrighty and well up Sarah here you are
this if you're interested in this book I
will leave a link to it below who has
all she's had lots of good
lots of good like recommendations that I
don't car Kathy Burke Frank in Adria
Brown for Phillip Schofield and Dawn
Frankish if that doesn't wet your
whistle I don't know what will and that
completes our like the unboxing at
segment I will leave it here for today
because tonight we're going to Ikea with
doodles to buy a copter baby I'm sorry
tomorrow or Wednesday bye
good morning it's Wednesday and as you
can see we have the cot up I can't
remember if I showed it yesterday or not
so I'll show it to you now it is from
SNAs pod snooze pod or snas pod and you
can actually unzip the sides and then
securely it's got straps hang on here
are all the straps and stuff you can
attach it to the side of your bed so
that you can safely co-sleep you can
also take this off which is pretty
cause if I want to take this downstairs
when the baby what steep downstairs I
can but the thing I wanted to show you
which was the cutest as I found this I
put this and this in here
obviously when baby's born I'm not going
to keep stuff in her cot but I found
this Darcy had obviously put her little
tiny tiny baby in the bed and then on
the wristband she's called it Jane I
know it says the back was J eatin em but
that's how does he would write Jane and
then my birthday she's put April so Jane
was born in April which is funny because
das has made my name is Jane and she was
born in April and she's put her there so
I think I'm gonna leave her there until
I have to take all the stuff out a
washer obviously I need to wash this
this is the most gorgeous gorgeous
muslin from agen and ace that's her
mother care I've got some bedding from
George Ann stare um yes I was in Tasha
all but just gonna leave that there for
now it's all starting to feel a bit real
Jimmy Bob Chapman is coming to play
today we're gonna film some videos so
I've like semi tied up aka shoved all
the junk in that room and a little bit
more tidying up to you actually I think
we're gonna film a video on making money
online which feels like a scary thing to
talk about because my dad always taught
me it was really crass and really rude
and really vulgar to talk about money it
was rude to talk about how much money
you earn
it's definitely rude to ask someone else
how much money they earn and it's rude
to show off or boast about money in any
way now I know a breath of that so
stressed out about that now I know that
some people might not think that at all
obviously it's just a matter of opinion
it's just something that I've been
brought up to think that way and but I'm
finding increasingly I'm asked about how
you make how do you make money does your
job make money or in some cases very
rudely how much money do you make
I've been asked on national television
three times how much money I make and
I'm never gonna want sir that question
online because I think it's rude to ask
someone that but I mean on TV or
anywhere
I think if it's a topic that people are
really interested in and also a lot of
people want to do the same kind of thing
that I'm doing at Jim's doing a lot of
other people are doing I thought it
might be interesting just to talk about
it in like the most appropriate and
polite way that I can without being
vulgar or and without being too much if
that makes sense I would be really
fascinated in the comments to know what
do you think about talking about how
much you were and I'm not asking you
what you think of youtubers earnings or
anything like that or I'm not asking you
to divulge your information but do you
think that it's okay to talk about that
do you think people should ask about
that he had yarder interested to know so
I'm gonna go and sit down and like plan
some notes because I want to be thorough
and I want to be careful and I want to
be helpful in this video so I'm gonna go
sit and plan that look who is here it is
Jim with never want you never mind me
what do you think it's so cute that's
I'm talking to the cat so big strangers
got me thank you miss strangers got me
very squatchy she was laugh at you I'm
going to film a video Jim now I'm dead
gay oh this is a good outcome she just
don't like that although you are I
really think of myself I know I think
although I'm talk about everything on
the house who I am and so life I get
into situations like this where you can
just see my nipples he's look there's
one knot belly ones absolutely
categorically no I know it's a beautiful
thing I know it's like but my sister was
pregnant it was like it was at capacity
was nearly gonna go it was about to pop
out and I couldn't even be around it oh
really
that's how I like it excellent right
that see thoughts on Sphinx cats please
where's Jim here is just telling me that
his brother bought a stinky
and Jim said it looks like his ball back
you're specific yet huh him insult how
do I look like my ball back
it's much later on in the day now and
Liam is home and is making some dinner
and I'm just keeping my eye on the door
because this is gonna be thrilling - you
have started plug
I started puzzle club and tonight it's
puzzle club say Becky's doing around
Claire walls gonna come by her baby's
not very well so she don't have to shut
these doors because the cap come in a
sandwich my new sofa I'm going to sit on
my berth people have chat with you um
yeah this is puzzle night so Becky is
good to come over and we're going to do
a thousand-piece puzzle which I got from
Amazon my spine liked it a lot I mean um
and I'm hoping that she's going to bring
the minstrel brownies that she makes I
don't really care if Becky comes or not
I mainly just want the Braille needs
that's not true Becky if you're watching
um it's been a nice afternoon I've just
thought upstairs into some work I shut
my eyes for like 10 minutes 40 minutes
and Liam's making taking care of some
mushroom fetch so it's a little Charlie
nice and I wanted to update you because
I'm not sure that I've been filming a
lot this week oh it's not very big
yeah oh what makes it sound doesn't it
okey-dokey next shot will be of
hopefully brownies
no no idea like oh yeah oh my god I was
gonna be your browning it's a little
interesting I have two different round
is yes leaves got the music on Liam's
joining puzzle club but he's gonna
pretend is not joining puzzle clubs but
he is are you joining puzzles up and
then Shabbat the brown is round
we've been at it a solid how long ago is
an hour no I don't know why on earth
I've chosen to do this with my life look
at it just look at it
what we do rola Becky and I always had
orgasms when we put this bit together
cuz it was just such a deep joy in our
hearts G's coming along I've never hated
anything more in my life my eyes feel
like they're burning out of my head but
Lee and mote that has quit because
quitters that win and winners don't quit
and with anger out with love hey babe
yep like a shit
it has taken three adults with three
degrees to do this in what time is it
now two hours got the frame hate it I
passionately hate it I never want to do
puzzle club again as long as I live
good morning it's Thursday and this
puzzle wants me I just came down to get
my camera actually because I've been
working upstairs today and I was like I
just put a couple of pieces in well like
a solid ten minutes later I'm still
putting pieces I walked away first order
of business today is laundry
also just realize left the door to the
fancy lounge open Idina who snuck in you
did the babies a new babies Oh a big
stretch a big yawn do you like it here
I'm gonna have this safer for long no
you're so cute I love that I always want
to sit together make some hot solution
for them we just tried to film a main
Channel video and the kitchens were
going crazy
just like like running around they
absolute feline maniacs it's going to
take you off the tripod hair it really
really put me off my game damn it so I
hope that video is okay it's a video
about Darcy being six and all her
updates and all that kind of stuff feel
like all I did was just gushed on about
how much I love my babe but you know
thus that's the point of being a mom is
Nate you're just supposed to talk about
how much you love your kids right back
to writing he would be home in half an
hour so see how much I can get done
between now and then Liam and I have
coming up on a date tonight because
Darcy's with her dad tonight so we're
going out for tapas favor can't walk the
speed you're walking up I think you're
running a little race there and but to a
different type of a space because we
usually go to the same one which is my
fav but oh there it is
oh no that's Tommy's fish-and-chip bar
which I'd be happy with and we're
meeting our friend Esther Oh Raj for
chapters and they tell you if they don't
have Pedro and peppers at this new place
you're going to flip a table because
that is what I want this is where we're
going on a tour at school
moment of truth they're gonna see
they've got parameters
ruin the surprise I said it before so my
camera run thanks babe it does connect
as the patron famous green peppers from
Garcia it's simply fried and serve the
sea salt we asked for some olives for
the table it was very very generative
it's like the tiniest of wallets you've
ever seen in your whole life I can
confirm that these are 10 out of 10 cats
on peppers I haven't tried the rest yet
but can confirm 10 out of 10 the halls
had an upgrade on the olives and alley
early you are updated right we've
finished ester thoughts on the turrets
are because we're very loyal to Scott
what ska leave what did you think to
that our 10 let's do atmosphere first
didn't know high off let's say for
because it was coming in on fresh food a
out of 10 like the food like to the food
what did you think he bit tipsy 7 walk
making a min I've got like seven out of
10 pelvis problem series approach there
is a place like there's olives quite
frankly no no let's just be honest there
is no play Amir where yours forever love
v you for watching tomorrow
good morning it's Friday and it's not
even morning afternoon I am off to a PTA
meeting and which I'm quite excited
about on the agenda because I chair the
meetings as chair of the PTA and I
thought would be really motivational to
put an inspirational quote at the bottom
of each gender so I'm gonna see how that
goes down today because either people
really like it or people think of
massive balland I'm taking the heart
guess meeting went wow picked up my
doodles I'm gonna go get my hair yeah we
are excited sweetness and I've got my
laptop so I can do some work I see it
loves the head Heidi the house that's
what you do you do like tidy basically
looking all that out of the window okay
bye oh my god
the cats are being so cute let me show
you how this sitting I don't even know
why they're sitting like this that's at
like on top of their cave and their
babies and you're just on top of him
mmm love you in case anyone is
interested this is the progress that we
have on the puzzle Liam stayed up till
2:00 a.m. last night he's obsessed with
this I don't think we can have puzzles
in the house again because it's gonna be
like seriously damaged right it's gonna
break us gonna break us I've decided I
hate puzzles Friday Friday we are going
out to get fish and chips and I could
not be more thrilled at this development
in the day really really wanted some
like really good dog
I did good fish and chips whose song
vinegar oh I'm a mother
we've just knit to Tesco to get some cat
litter Ashley and I picked up this for
Darcy for how much were you 14 / 18
pounds I think that's such a lovely
dressing again if they'd have had it in
adult size I'd have bought that and it's
so soft when you're this pregnant all
you want to put on these giant sacks of
cloth and this had some pink on it so
for 12 pounds is like yes okay I think
I'm going to call it a night there
because I want to put on the giant giant
nightie of joy and have my fish and
chips and we're going to watch Mulan
together all three of us and yeah I've
got to get any nights I'm going to see
probably the morning for I talk print
mums
so that is the end of the weekly vlog I
have no idea what I filmed this week and
if it's going really good but we'll put
it together and soon see and sure let me
know in the comments don't forget hello
while tickets are available my new book
is available and blah blah blah
links below lovely laughs bye
