reason a rush 11 a rush oh okay so when
out already and we are on a really shiny
dry powder cumin powder the mica powder
we are now ready to go and see project
call one of my favorite ever concerts
I've ever been to well his show because
like two years ago it was a toddler's
bought or I was incredible and we were
right at the front and all we had at
logical does most amazing viral videos
on YouTube and he has one of the most
incredible visual albums so I'll leave
it down below because I mean we tweeted
back every day last year it was one of
our albums of the year last year so we
both I did and Klaus come with us as
well ovaries very good because I'll see
we're gonna have a really good dog I'm
also wearing Lucy's what is this like an
overall jumpsuit it is dolls kill you
know might do something like a pie
costume imprisonment also I just had dry
shampoo my hair and Lucy's now told me
that I've got like white fingerprints
all over this jumpsuit so formally if
I'm just going to have to quickly get
off I just want to say how excited I am
to go to eat 20 Kubek Lord it is going
to be so fun Godspeed appear I'm so glad
we put B so longer we've got these when
they actually got an out yeah we thought
we had to go VIP we want to see todrick
I'm also going to see him hopefully
before the show after yeah he treats us
day so that's really nice and he's gonna
be one of the nicest people I've ever
met he was so nice I remember last time
he took the time like to really speak to
us and just a really great guy an
amazing performer one of the most
talented people we know you're so when
you come into the camera a really pale
you weird cuz I was they can well anyway
we're good a guy will get it get an uber
exciting - my wife
my doctor call
Oh
although basically return never be you
cook stop exactly I don't know become
exactly right we're singing about
Oh
ah
you
Oh
a lot someone to play now saying how the
game AKOP the robbers a today now we my
reason costly last year we got here
and school
come his mom
that's a blessing before we leave would
you guys mind if we did a little encore
for you guys
are you
you know hey is he taking
I feel bored BB of that a beer night
man to sell out no thank you so much
with the bottom of my heart anyone
trying to bring me down
Tunnel control
I have to say on my heart today I know
we've already ended this coastline but I
just want to say that there are some
times people come up to me and they say
I don't know how to get started I don't
know how to make my dreams come true and
I just want you to know you don't have
to have a producer there is no I know
producer there is no backing out not
flying over I believe in myself so much
that I would not take no for an answer
and every single time somebody that
knows me and close the door my face I
open another door I climb through a
window I took a saw so whatever your
dream is go off and get it you don't
need American Idol
and if they say your partner they don't
believe in you it's to day will never
work it was never convinced training
mainstream is being redefined you guys
are helping us do that see a rainbow the
world we're in our own concierge because
our sister is asleep and yeah I will
wait for up they've got you too excited
so we just saw Tata it again so honestly
we were just signing the car we can
revoke because it was so dark but we
came across projects videos in 2009 kind
of 2009 positive LVN and we're watching
to go to give and seen him against like
he's so genuine so nice on TV but Lord
how lovely made it very emotional and
he's so lovely and he always make the
time to see us and project if you're
watching we are such relationship yeah
I'm so I'm I'll go back very much right
yeah oh my gosh what we can favorite
part about timing
oh you know what it was long bitch
higher hello just the way at home
the audience involved her home was
relational and a completely a fold out
the whole of shattered fish empire
project negative okay now I would be
dating right to the brother because in
Spain Jesus a Titan is unreal or the
dark side we're all I was it from the
biggest show I agree with Scotland one
thing I wish UK people do is stand up
all yellow
because everyone I just wanted to doubt
of God you can actually see in the video
me you and cord were loving life like
loving like yeah I thought that if you
actually make sure to give it a massive
thumbs up we can shred it very very
grateful and that's why we're ending
this vlog nothing that are flat make
sure you go down below and subscribe to
torture yeah I know you will love it if
you have what I'm sure I'm sure you guys
have all had a project but if you are
new to our channel and also a new here
make sure you clicks oh my gosh you know
whenever about 10 hours you don't even
see tonight what about the he did the
view so medley the very highly effective
us he's like oh I salute all over
everywhere like New York or new every
word I've left off you watch please
beeping - lets go yeah we'll see you
guys be alright I actually still have my
toddler's ball post where people are
merged but we do have our my possible
t-shirt why do I not worry about tonight
do it gray todrick's signature if I
don't think mean signature yeah this is
the poster I keep this kind of stuff for
my favorite people in just outside but I
just think Lucy is crazy to think that
two favorite people in the whole world
take the time to see you if I better
help explain it the lion era of the UK's
national not to dad project and I just
feel so lucky to commercial oh so so
lucky that all my favorite people have
visited being hive in expectation yeah
yeah we met what I call he's so lovely
with met Jojo
she was incredible and I just yeah I
feel very very lucky
by
