hey guys I thought I should start the
blog now before it gets even more hectic
and I don't chance to intro the blog
properly so today is delayed
Jelena's kind of get my child's name
right
today is the liners naming ceremony I'm
eager to just get like stuff sorted and
set out and decorations up and then I'll
start with a little bit more relaxed
there's just so much to do and I'm like
I want to get in order and do it all
three up since 6 I actually set my alarm
and go up about 40 minutes before
Delilah did so I could curl my hair and
you're probably thinking Rhiannon
where's the two dresses you were trying
to decide for well I know I was try and
pick between these two dresses
I was trying them on last night and the
blue one I love but it's just not I mean
I know this one's not particularly fancy
it's still quite casual but like I don't
feel that comfortable in it the other
one from Topshop I love really wanted to
wear but why not and funding issues that
really went well with it but the main
thing is that I would have to like
really pin myself into it and that would
make it quite uncomfortable for me to
get one get the hall ready lift boxes
cook stuff whatever and two I would have
to start uncomfortable at constantly
rearranging myself or I could have
Ward's make comfortable to get the party
stuff ready and then I could have got
trade changed into that but they would
have events but at the venue there's no
mirrors or anything to get I'm changing
so I would not be able to pay myself in
properly and it just would have been
more hassle so I feel really comfortable
in this dress I do like this dress is
the dress I wore it in the last vlog
actually so it kind of feels like I've
worn it pretty much for the last like
four days um but I do love it I just
think it really suits me and it
comfortable and it's by the same Ralph
Lauren brand that the blue dress is from
and guys look look it has pockets and I
really like the dress like this leaves
us slightly flared and it's just lovely
color like babydoll spot smokes all
dress and I feel like this does go with
my boots so I'm wearing this today I've
called my hair's made feel a little bit
nicer and that's gonna have to do by
dog's been getting stuff in the car and
if you're wondering why Delilah is she's
at her grandparents they're being
absolute gems and lookin after Delilah
for the morning so we can get everything
sorted I know I'm for 100 miles an hour
it's just you've got a lot to do we need
to get in the car now cuz I'm pretty
sure we're behind schedule already so
I catch up with you guys at the venue
and because I think dogs pretty much
gotten everything from the living room
into the car I've just got this big bag
here or stuff that I'm gonna tape like
my camera my hair colors if my hair
needs weakened and later a bit of makeup
some of the Leila stuff pretty much it
oh and I also need to get these flowers
down in the car with me I'll be rid of
it screech and yeah it's been flowers
yesterday and I've kept them in water
and I'm really happy about they're all
still alive got some sunflowers and then
something new probably a little purple
one and wrinkly white why I'm sorry I
can't under the names of them this
peppery stuff and be that you love these
I had to get some and then these
gorgeous ones I've discovered some
really random colorful dope that kind of
work flowers how we do it we did have a
flower back but I left a double parent
check so I'm just going to put the
bottom in this bag just sort of written
all over nation so like little country
bumpy with my boots and my flowers in my
little my little drift so it's going to
be fun sit in the car then I always find
it through area on a Sunday so she ate
this plant about quarter past nine and
there's like no one around except a few
birth but dog has dropped me off I'm
going to run to Starbucks get us both
and ice cracking and then he's going to
pick me up again and we're going to go
to the pink a scientist I mean I've
already had a cup of coffee today but I
need another another coffee and I will
probably need another coffee later to
get me through
the campaign for the car like Chester
can't drive alone and I mean
self-directed study that I called my mom
for making our values we respond to her
mean at once not met like all our
friends
other people don't think that combat and
athlete guide can throw regulation and
I'll see you in six level off and making
of well but Rama so terrible
our automated effective drugs managed to
go past it that's a start
and then in Cologne who's all hands on
there
just want to get there I've got a little
some like stop need to do together and
then yeah and then dumping have to use
to get to another bit that we're going
to have to get more Mason jobs the
papers because no more dark nor did jar
jar's pin they were waiting small they
didn't come until yesterday so I'm gonna
have to get some sickness going to town
and buy more luckily the Ben is not too
far away from our
it's all complete entourage so a
question director I've dat the venue and
it's lovely I loved then she loves like
the duck egg blue paints and like the
June little clouds up at the top it is
very sweet
we have arrived here though and there's
no F in tables excuse my language
I'm freaking out right now because
you've just got here we went into one of
the one of the rooms that stops all of
the chairs and stuff and we were told
that we have eight tables usually
there's sixteen tables but we were told
we'd have eight because they're like a
state going on around here clearly
people have come in here and taken all
the tables thinking oh well actually
there's like 16 tables here let's just
take them all and yet all the tables
have been taken and we really actually
happened was we have no tables for
anything so I've been doing from calling
it up the guy has set here all around
and get hold at the tables I don't know
help you looking to bring them back here
actually he was like when to event start
I was like well it starts at like 1:00
but I need the tables and now because I
can't do anything until we got the
tables of the first thing we were going
to do and then I'm lucky dump Terrence
do a lot of stuff like Scouts and
schools and stuff he's cause you start
up now just to see if they can get some
tables here quicker but I just want to
rely on that other guy to get some table
here sorry Isis it's not been a very
good start for the drug habit it'll be
fine I'm going to try and do whatever I
can do now I've I'm going to get a
bumpkin on the fence outside or
something I can do right my sis averted
we have tables and the tablecloths I got
perfectly fit so I'm very happy right we
can kind of get the ball rolling a
little bit now so if I'm get enough to
focus a little bit because it you today
those currently trying to suss out the
here and I've got these huge balloons
off of not on High Street and then a
couple of others giant balloons but
they're not as expensive as these ones
were because they come with like
handmade tassels and stuff so Doug
searched when I start out how to fill
them up so I sort the tables
the camera here jeno DOCSIS gotta tie up
like so nervous I hate balloons I don't
know I've defined giant balloon I
thought that looked for as good they'd
be really good good decoration without
needing to get lots of other stuff oh my
god I have a nail in my shoe
what the hell because it a lot and stuff
on them now like that Aaron doesn't it
it said short tassel didn't million
I'm gonna have to stop filming because
otherwise I'm just gonna not get much
done and also a message I want to sort
myself out asked I've cooked all the
food and everything and I'm going to be
delighted for everyone turns out that
I've got all of issues transform and dr.
Perry not mob identity - Chris yeah I
hate hey anything to lose nothing right
yeah I will catch up with you guys in a
little bit but it happens I don't have
time to film or anything maybe I do a
little time now
I love these the sky seemed manic I'm
running around everywhere and everyone
care now it's like going one people
should see everyone in our right side
north another help oh absolutely
I'm central and I'm like shaking by them
I told Tommy hey that they're going to
take us along
what's up because I have enough on my
plate though yeah sometimes I feel like
being in it on the bus you get up for a
day don't be rubbish in more thing
remember you might be possible but now
I've already got the light right by me I
don't know like what's this is the hall
vlog ready ham how long did you take to
get your book blog ham ready Oh hours
right there we go how to build that
and welcome to the name and welcoming
ceremony already generated by 2016
dr. able to announce to the world today
I came apart
this is my amazing tool every designer
have continues to make an entrance
it is not it days later the animals and
then if I dare do to one already and my
baby will be in closer attacked a few
hours hold you'll no longer be my baby I
now understand what my parents men when
they totally are always be there maybe
even animals because it won't matter how
this
is always nice they give that year later
the reality is education we are all
gathered here to celebrate together
designers arrival in community or family
malicious
violence human relations and we run and
dark normally to serenade to celebrate
all kinds of special station between
people nine members have a human name
and working family to give Delilah the
freezing inside her over when she really
argues that
and you want to drive these I was
filming that last bit and I don't know
if you'll get it because even national
called a bit that carry an important
zero and he did his job well
however we finished it so now we are all
mingling about like Sean and they really
have no no doing on Captain to do now I
we had the with Sean technical expertise
but now beard
they're now into drinking and having fun
yeah I'm still in charge of this book
and I will make sure it goes well yeah
now we're here outside in this beautiful
place this is the Garden of England
we're in Kent come over here hi there
and Eve and as you want about he's also
in charge banners for us in charge of
the vlogs
now contrary to popular belief we're not
in Wales even though there's loads of
sheep I think I've already explained the
things over I did earlier but now we're
all here and we're just going to be
chilling out but what is on your face
they're amazing so now what we're going
to do is we'll go find Rhiannon so she
can talk as well because I'm pretty sure
you don't want justice for the day you
know me so we're going to enjoy the rest
of the day and hopefully do that thing
the Rhiannon doesn't unlike it's going
to like do the quick thing and it will
go a little bit really quickly so you
don't even hear our voices yeah and then
it's all that things that
Oh how's your dating how's it going
he'll say oh that was a funny thing you
never see Rihanna in this angle you
allspice I'm kidding got it yeah what
sitting down imposing life oh yeah oh
yeah there's like oh I must be like a
lady on the last person using one
definition might not be so good we go to
summer just finishing up my knees where
the em are we can't even think like
little borara penis and it'll fetch
firewood nice that's the cake over there
now I don't know if Thomas show you it
with the application and we I see the
Reacher collocation not sure why we
giving this job
I got a guy across and you can do the
rest of the cake yeah
we're all just finished taking group
photos outside the chocolate on hello
photographer was a girl going to my
school and I recently become it takes in
my photos so I didn't have to do it all
so she took home always being a very
empty notary not do it myself
feel like I got no idea welcome
everybody's real messages it's all being
a bit chaotic today hopefully you guys
enjoy the drugs we have now got to tidy
this gone into a balloon
we've now going to tidy up I did want to
go around and like show you all the
decorations and stuff I've never got a
chance it hopefully this is the
grandmother or you guys all I have to
show it to you my wonderful I try and
show you that I'm everything's coming up
a bit dead now but I'm sure you a few
bit I got these lollies made their
little edible flower lollies I got and
not on High Street like that just put
some random flowers together
it's enroll the food was if you did look
really nice lovely servings now but yet
still gone now this is where we had Sims
again it's all gone but I've hope I've
got some footage of all this stuff and
we have pins and then some shorty
embezzle water streets calling in here
and empty that I public should be
bothered with because no one stopped it
and these are the amazing I think I
showed you these balloons we've kind of
been playing with them so they don't
consider us what is it and so far the
cake the cake was it moved on I had some
bail out my career with medical now it's
because well she's written notes that
the liner wishing equipment to help them
and then we have this little friend
thing that I made it socially made it
some string on the back and I'm yeah
people have been taking pictures as a
proto I didn't know where it is and
perform on tape
the coffee towards the end of my reign
is vlog master
there it is there's a lot cover to the
end of my vlogging reign because today
is ending everything is done so I'm
going to leave you to leave you two with
Rhiannon CJ conjugal buff by area you
get talking in so we're going to leave
it here did you later
we've been your honorary of vloggers for
the day yeah so no it's been alright I
hope it's been a case for you and now
I've done a lot more talking than him
tom
if I look at this bit I know the
defenders they come from the public I
think we got a table
so it funny happened and I missed it so
sure I'm not a very good
yeah maybe see you later at the pub if
you're gonna come to the bar what idea
not now we'll leave in yes it is is a
bit of a squish Doug's parents learned
one of us have a lot of boxes and stuff
in there girl stuff that we don't really
need so we want to store away like the
killing the jars and that had all the
flour that were on the table on me
except just kept them in there
oh they look sleepy I just kept them in
there at their jars and little bottles
and whatever I cooked in the water in I
know she hates going in my company we're
back home Oh as you can see we we fixed
the lights in the kitchen so now you can
actually see us properly and we've
rethought them for LED lights and a lot
brighter design is not so shadowy in
here I mean it's all quite shadow
because they're quite I did a small
kitchen and that like the various or
space and ballast but not that you guys
care but you know about coherent dinner
back to a little bit of normality I'm
hoping today doesn't affect delighted
too much when she goes to bed tonight
I don't like and should we find but yeah
I know I know that she's tired dog took
her out in the car for a little bit so
she could sleep before getting off to
put books in a car compared did you have
a good day
was it good here I will take that at
that yes money thank you very much thank
you very much mummy ah gosh I probably
was all over all that all those months
of planning and from like sorting out it
seems like forever ago sort out having
by it - like yesterday just getting all
the flowers and I already have the
flowers wasn't too sure how they would
go and I just picked up surrounding ones
I think they weren't really lovely I
have a look back at this little chat
so I only if you don't know how this
vlog has gone I really read hope Thomas
ej2 around and showed you everything
laid out saccuzzo at the pins looked
really pretty it's a shame yeah yeah I
know right we have so many fresh flowers
like borage flowers porridge porridge
porridge after like whatever you call
them it's only flowers left over and
stuff and let the little fresh ones that
would die by tomorrow but like be like
those up the big flowers we used for the
decoration yeah I know I'm going to
thank you
the big flowers we use for the
decoration I've bought back because you
put in here there we go and I brought
back with us and we're just have a
lovely little display there as I was
sitting pretty in a wooden box at the
moment as you saw so it is going to get
another house there right last long and
some flowers were asked a while by
thought like it was it was a floor worst
night neither she was just like wrapping
moment cut in and then just populum in
job because I was doing that literally
like a minute there before everyone
turned up because we only had a certain
amount of time in hall and then have the
whole Fiesta go with the tables I missed
out on an extra bicycle hour that I
needed to get stuff done so it's all
very rushed and I'm still doing some
people came and I didn't get too many
things out exactly how I wanted them
laid out I didn't get it's like doing it
all yeah I knew I could have done better
but you know it it is what it is and I
expect me to be enjoyed it but I thought
I felt so like fluffs and tough like I
was trying to sort everything out and
get everyone and make sure everyone was
happy and go out and see it and see
everyone like I thought like it kind of
just like whizzed past like I kind of
didn't really get to take it in but so
why did try and do it was very nice
desire enjoyed the breadsticks there are
nice bread sticks we got those quick as
well the girl would do my developed in a
photograph she's going to send me a
contact sheet tonight I'll make sure
tonight hopefully tonight I'll talk to
look at them and so I can see all the
photos that she's taken and she's going
to put money USD for me then she's going
to send me their contact sheets might
like me I really want so I can put them
on social media
I'll put her details in the description
this is a promotion she's not so much
Batak Rafi for me to promote hush-hush I
still paid her I system I know I'll
probably get questions on it so I'll put
her links in the description
are also pop and singer doing - dinner
I will also pop the links to the girl
Holly that differ cakes the so much
national put away sort out and also I'm
really upset because I'm the lovely
boards I got for the food and I kind of
got like I kind of got eyes on what I
got as investment pieces for like double
I'd have like long term they're like
really lovely and like marble ones and
word glands and disgorges I think so I
do just get them for the event I've just
food that'd be ridiculous I got them so
we can use them as well and they got
washed up in that water and lots of
Walden you're really dispenser like wipe
them clean and then boil them and this
little splinter ate so can one of you
let me know that what what do I do if it
was like getting some really gentle
sandpaper and just like salmon and then
oil them what should I do is their
lovely I got also a book
yeah anywhere well I guess you guys
don't mind if the folks not too great
there because I could have not blocked
at all so yeah I hope you guys enjoyed
comment Seagate's log in again I don't
know what they've logged so we shall eat
so much I do not to do I think that dog
I just kind of are just going to chill
now and I and I are going to do usual
nighttime routine with Delilah and make
it normal as possible
she's probably bit thrown off by all the
people in the big event today and being
over at my grandparents in the morning
roomie Arnie mmm hope you all enjoyed
themselves and the aloe same tip
slightly to read about an hour trying to
get takeout because just posting a tip
and I'll probably go through some of the
presents as well yeah well do that
what is some of the lightest presents I
wasn't expecting her to get any presents
I don't know why I wasn't it wasn't but
yeah let's go see some presents I have a
little bit of an organized but I sit I
will tackle
cleaning and stuff slowly over this week
and I cannot wait until next weekend
and I'll have nothing to do I'll have no
vlogs edit no videos I probably will
film a video for my other channel
haven't been able to be a mother so real
and it's mine and Doug's anniversary
next Sunday Saturday I don't know where
that's come from I honestly yeah I've
like when when you're younger and when
you're in Earth's orbit very new
relationship you kind of count every
month or every year and I'm like oh hang
on it's our like fifth anniversary next
week that's come out of nowhere
so yeah I'll survive your anniversary
next Saturday I think I've noticed
people put the hottest round in I'm
round in it because I'm worried I
haven't smoked anything when in reality
I've probably dropped a lot but lots of
people messaging me now and yeah yeah oh
I will catch up with you
well are you gonna come up don't you
know what we're gonna open some presents
just a couple then and we got to go to
bed for me yeah
should we open this one do you think
daddy you want to open the card
addressed to mr. line yep Jonathan
opposed we're good Oh Vicki whoo in the
bar oh I believe a kitty there oh the
cool car I think you're going to like
this one
a very nice teddy bear no thank you
ticket we have to the other one here's
the other one from have to bite you
thank you yeah she's on camera
Wow some lovely gifts already
and when Delilah goes to bed we're
probably gonna open the other one she's
not gonna know any different whether she
opened him if she doesn't agree on it in
some of the cards I'm which will give me
the kick of the butt up the bomb that I
need to go to my bank and set up her
children saving accounts I've been
meaning to do that and so myself and
Duggan who ever you know like birthdays
and Christmases and stuff we can just
put in money to save up for her and then
when she's older she can use it for
hopefully you know - I don't know put
four put down on a house or you know for
whatever something sensible you're not
going to give it to you and you're like
18 and in university fees you'll spend
it all on going out initial very very
very single adult when I start saving up
in Justin and help for her so that when
she's older she feel a little bit just
all back on also didn't show you her
outfit today this little outfits for man
Bowden I hope it's really sweet it's not
originally what I was going to put Erin
but and she can't wear dresses because
they get caught under her knees and then
she falls so first into the floor and
it's 1,000 I'll link it in the
description if you want to check it out
I will won't check make sure you read a
book can you pick a brick shall we read
that's not my dinosaur smell its body is
too squishy it was a - I'm now going to
import all the photos that I took on to
my phone so I can go through them and it
was a really sweet one of the Lila
playing with the balloon and then
actually about a minute later I looked
over and we're all around her and
somehow she managed to unclip the
balloon from the string and one of the
massive blue inches with right up to the
ceiling there was no way even with a
really big ladder there was no way we
were going to get that I forgot
something laughing ah
also I forgot we have these notes I'm so
happy I asked people to give up sigh
gasp I'm so happy I asked people to
write notes and I really didn't expect
many people to go for these are Riley's
like scripts like the whole ceremony and
listen out so that's for us to keep and
it'll be real when I remember this
moment now I'm thinking on my word like
delay will read this in however many
years time and then I'll think about
this moment I'll think about that make
sure you have lots of lovely notes to
read to you that are written for the
aisle and I can see her despair so you
guys about is going to give her some
milk and just taking these flowers out
of the box and just pop this on here we
have some here on our desk lush dining
room tables area
now dip dip we're just watching Biffy
Clyro Glastonbury and yeah I can say
goodbye and I've been going through the
the photos I've just posted this card
upon unless posted this one on Instagram
I just post it that on go full of on
Instagram if you want to go see it
boobies are hanging out I need to tidy
up some of this stuff because what will
happen Delilah and I woke up in the
morning and all Peter
I'll get my breakfast and usually when I
eat my breakfast she plays nicely on the
floor I did all this stuff out she's
just gonna have a field day with
grabbing everything that she shouldn't
so I need to clear some stuff away like
this is car sorry if it's a bit weird
one but I also hope you enjoyed kind of
seemed a little bit of the bayman I know
it was a very different book very all
over the place that mixes it up a little
bit I give thanks by the vises could
just go on and on and on I will see you
in the next clue is another balloon this
is kind of cheese day yeah I think
there's like two more blooms not one or
two possibly three I very much doubt as
three more maybe two more but we are
almost at the end of loon she's very sad
oh yeah I'm going to stop talking though
I
