we have a smile can we have a smile
hi everybody I was going to do a sort of
a weekly vlog
can you be quiet while mommy films
honestly never work with animals or
children but we don't really get out
much to me and so I just thought it
would be a weird video of us being in
and me saying I'm going to do some work
now and I'm going to cook some lunch now
maybe we're boring so I thought what do
instead is a bit of a themed video on
some of the things I've been doing to
get back to normal life I don't know
just trying to be a bit more like me
again so I've been sorting out my
clothes checking out my maternity stuff
that's gone to my next-door neighbor
because she's having a baby
and just various things that I've been
doing that I've now got a bit more time
for because he sleeps and a bit more
regularly and I'm not just constantly
breastfeeding him he's a lot more
talkative than he was before they aren't
you oh how am I going to get up from
this position Ted ah ah
workwise I haven't managed to get into
my office yet I'm still pretty much
working from my bedroom and from the
smoke next door I'm gonna pass a baby
kiss daddy
and then we can get on with showing my
oh my oh nice what do you think nobody
wants you to go cuz you're so cute
what do you think about that ah
definitely smoothly pretty much why
spend my day doing it be really cool oh
he's not a does he you're not a
turbulent be a I've been sorting out all
my beauty stuff that I'm testing and
making an effort
firstly it's a sort of um put on makeup
every day
hey because it just makes me feel like
I've spent some time on myself even as
it just takes 2 or 3 minutes but also
because I have so many things to test
and if I don't put on and I don't put on
any makeup then I don't test anything
out so I've kind of need to do that so a
lot of time I work from my laboratory
which is the ensuite a lot of the time I
work from bed with my laptop
however I've started migrating into here
this is a snack hold on this is Mary
this is a chair you might recognize this
chair from in the background of a couple
of recent videos and I basically turned
the chair into a table and then the poof
thing is my seat which is probably
really dreadfully bad for my back but um
it's only temporary
and then I sort of doing my filming in
here I come over there this is my view
which is always very lovely especially
on a nice summer's day and then camera
and loads and loads of these things that
I've been testing and I've just got rid
of the baby because it quite new me in
here because I've been spraying those of
different fragrances and dry shampoo and
all sorts of stuff and I'm about to do
my nails
what loads of lip stuff there but I'm
going to put that in a video coming up
soon so I've got really nice summer
colors that I want to show you this box
has just arrived this is from sunny
hansen sec and it's a new range which is
called color therapy it's really really
up for my street because i'm quite low
maintenance with my nails and i like
this being really good condition so what
they've done with this range is they've
blended the color with argan oil and
also a couple of other oils as well it's
some sort of a complex of oils to really
help to strengthen and repair your nails
if they're you know flimsy
flaky fragile which mine are at the
moment I think it's something to do with
some breast feeding maybe maybe the
baby's taking all the good stuff from me
and leaving me with nothing and why I
really like about it is that you don't
need a base coat so it's got all the
care that you need in the actual formula
so no base plate straight in with color
and it caring for your nails while you
color them basically and there's also a
topcoat in the range as well
all and there's nail and cuticle oil so
all of this very good for me for sort of
getting back with it with my nails
because I didn't really paint them that
much when I was pregnant and I'm looking
forward to using some really nice color
fades in the summer now there are 38
shades all together and they've been
created in partnership with Madeline
poule who's their global color
ambassador I know there's a massive
thing to pink at the moment so I've
pulled up some Pink's here so what's
this one called
oh my magenta that one really into these
sort of quite bubblegummy Pink's at the
moment I put loads more information in
the description box below that these are
all available only at Boots and that is
from the 12th of April so now basically
I cannot find a single thing to wear my
leggings which is what basically I live
in I have been living in are in the wash
and the dress from and all that I've
been wearing my denim dress is also in
wash because Angelica burger yogathon it
and so I feel like I've just got nothing
else left where now but then I thought
in the spirit of this video I could turn
it into a positive thing and I'm going
to go through my wardrobes and sort of
look out some things that I can actually
fit into and then on the lost has loads
of summery stuff in suitcases but mr.
amar has gone out and I know that
there's loads of sort of loose dresses
and stuff that actually I'll be really
good but I thought that what I would do
is sort of get rid of almost looks like
pink doesn't it get rid of things that
I'm never going to wear again and put
them into charity and then find out some
things that I haven't worn that would
fit me now and sort of shops my stash if
you ask me so that's what I'm doing I'm
shopping my stash I just found where are
they
Hey and those coat hangers might be
really short on coat hanger set up good
but a family buy on 1,000 bucks
trousers I think I bought in Palm
Springs than either there with Sam from
Dixie moon years and years ago and we
think they might fit me she liked that I
keep losing things going yeah I'm going
to get rid of that and then thinking hum
but one day I'm going to fit it hmm have
to get that try on that one anything
like this are beautiful when I hang on
to it this is a sheer shirt hush if I
try to wear that moment a my beads
amasses so it wouldn't do any justice
and B it's just sort of logistics of
breastfeeding it's just a bit messy
sometimes and I don't know really
anything so all of these things should
stay in wardrobe
see I'm probably a little coat again can
you see it like a really shaggy coat I'm
so used to getting rid of stuff on
smooth that shows never going to fit the
illusion there's never going to fit me
either but our hands loose I'm hanging
on through everything they did awake I
found loads of stuff that I really want
to wear so I can't wait to wear I just
can't really wear it at the moment but
that's good it's something to look
forward to admit you're get these shirts
I bought when I was pregnant with a view
to wearing when I wasn't about that one
I bought a proper leopard print one and
I found a couple of really nice shirt
dresses but I could probably breastfeed
in at a push I remember this one I've
worn loads before again I'm I think I'm
quite warm today I'm actually about all
I have that um that have button-down
frame so that's good isn't it I might
have to go on a lot a bit more so I'm
addressing I think that it's probably
gonna be cold again tomorrow so I was
back to my leggings my shirt and my long
desktop and stepping up my game
makeup-wise partly because I don't want
mention this value in the week I'm
trying to test out
leave her hair stuck to my lip cut hair
I'm trying to test out loads of new
beauty and get back to my usual sort of
regime of testing lots of things so I'm
trying to write different kind of
lipstick everyday hmm
I'd say that everywhere the knife
suddenly it's made my whole face really
pay or have meant well ladies and
gentlemen that most interesting thing
that's going to happen today
probably apart from playing tea parties
with Angelica my legs trick I'm going to
the temple have shower before Angelica
and her daddy get back from the shops
I'm working to have Ted and there is a
baby bjorn in the shower room aren't we
we're going to get in hopefully a
reflection of herring up handsome
brother isn't showing
there's mostly lots of going out and
doing stuff in this video and showing
how much of a woman of the world I am
but we haven't managed to get out have
we Angelica no yes I say no what have
you got there
so I thought what I would tell you
because we've got to finish soon
oh you're hoping that I thought I'd tell
you about something that's sort of been
on my mind for the last um week or so
since well since I was signed off
health-wise yeah after the c-section and
just because I started a little bit
better and I really want to just get
moving more and feel a bit fitter and
healthier so first of all I'm trying to
overhaul our meals a bit although I
haven't started that yet and and this
book I feature on my website quite a few
times I think I've had a few years is
recommended by my friend Maya there
she's got really nice recipes in come
back please I'm going to Colette open
the box and then this came to me last
week and it's called the fifth bunk
books Fitness pregnancy and beyond and
it's been specially designed for
postpartum fitness soundclick exciting
try this hold on let's open the box and
I'll see what's inside it says v unbox
is unusual and then it combines the
physical products the Pilates equipment
it will discover in the box and fit guys
with a very complete and supportive
online pregnancy and postnatal Pilates
program so I'm excited to start it and I
might try to start this week so I hope
you've enjoyed this some getting back to
being me
blargh all sorts of the things I've been
doing to feel a little bit more like an
individual adult person nice to do a few
things it's very easy to slip into the
thing of just wearing leggings of the
day which I have been doing and just
sort of feeling a bit down in the dumps
so these are just ways of making myself
feel a little bit more human and in
touch with the adult well I hope you
enjoyed this and I should see you next
time
