hi everyone that six day I thought I
would bring you a vlog I haven't done a
slug in a while see while our song was
like my digital detox one really enjoyed
that definitely needs to do that again
but today I'm having a day in London
it's a Friday and actually it's a really
fun day in London this is like unlike
any other day I ever normally have in
London on it like meetings like
important things but today I'm having a
great up in London and I thought I would
take you along for the ride I'm quite
excited about it this week has been a
long week when you watch this video I'll
be away and say this was the week before
I went away and I always find and short
everyone have this and all types of jobs
the week before you go away is always
just a bit not a bit crazy is trying to
pre-scheduled things you try to plan
ahead to try to like get ahead of
yourself
and that always requires just enough
time so I've been doing lots of ups of
time quite late at night and really
trying to get some fry head because I'm
actually gonna be away two weeks when
you see this video I will be it could
tell it kills which I'm just like
completely buzzing about and then on the
way back or something off at New York I
don't meet mark there so there's a very
good two weeks coming up but very
excited and today should be really good
as well I've had like like I said had a
crazy week and this is definitely not
the most representative of my London
days because this is this very very fun
day and I'm very much looking forward to
it there's a lot going on today my
Diaries quite as a pretty chock-a-block
at the time now my god it's ten to nine
and I need to leave at 9:00 Anna needs
PACA suitcase because I'm staying there
tonight I'm getting up to you today
let me wet money you two blender I'm
going to get something I'll come show
you okay I always do like a bit of
dabbing on the way back from the
bathroom sink or a bit more blended and
now which is good but the first thing
I'm doing say is probably the most
exciting thing is I'm getting a little
sneak peek of the space in case or
there's new one in Kensington or put the
address down below in case you wanna
check it out because it's actually
moving location and it's had a
completely fit and I get to see it
before like anyone else because I think
the launch threat is tonight I'm going
to go there kind of I think 11 o'clock
Yishun do to get there we'll pass out
from writing to the pods perfect really
I'm a bit quite rush but yeah I get have
a little sneak peek which I'm really
excited about and this book is sponsored
by them because I've been doing some
work with them over the past couple of
months you might have seen that in I
think it was in February I was actually
honest and in their stores of a picture
of me and my crates of my copy for them
and it was in stores and it's actually
crazy like my friends invested in me
like we're loosing game you're here and
it's not I think it happened in the UK
and the US
and I was in their newsletter as well
they email one and the one that they
send out and I've got a little bit here
that has like any magazines and stuff so
I've been and I always like take out the
front cover and then put the page and be
the stray layer it's like my own little
coverage books I just do it for the
spacing KT newsletter so this the spring
review and there's me and what I thought
of all these products that is like
little mini reviews I research up with
that you guys know the space and K is
like one of my favorite places to shop
for Beauty things in fact it's like my
favorite place to shop for Beauty things
that always so helpful in there it is a
very like nice calming experience and I
feel like the shop assistants there's
always know what they're talking about
if you really good advice and like
color-match me asking all those types of
things so very very over the moon to be
working with this thank you so much
space in K I'm so excited to have a
sneak peek and have a little bit crown
there and then as part of this shopper
happy and Instagram so blessed Lilly
should copy along to take a picture of
me and then we're heading to a lunchtime
meeting with Clarence like literally
this is just my love this day then I'm
going to Selfridges and I'm going to
have my nails and my feet done I've only
ever once ever had a pedicure before so
this is very fun pre Katella kind of
mani-pedi I mean is this real life and
then I'm going to the Hoxton Hotel I'm
saying that overnight and I'm going for
a night out with lily and I manages like
I said this is a crazy good Friday so
it's always taking you along for the
ride instead of it being like I'm going
to be to go go to everything make sure
you like of funding in London all I can
say I've only done my base
I mean and the it takes gonna take a
picture of me for the new soil is right
across the old one they go summon a
little look freedom and create things
ran out yes they say over here handle
and fragrance cool you know we have a
green oh oh what one bay yeah oh my god
I would love to see one of that that's
like yeah I was going to say this my
dream I would never like it I just like
look at it in the corner very skincare
and it basically goes on for miles
this is all skincare this is skincare
this is skincare and then there's even
seeing her on up in there and then
Cheniere they've got fragrance and fast
and towards ease I think I kind of go
some love it there look at my favorite
look at this pose who drop these are
incredible subscribe if there are no go
about sometimes you haven't tried them
try them because they're absolutely
awesome it's like a little men's bit
here if it's one care good old better
look at all the testers are so new I
wanna know I'm wearing shampoo important
so that was that one
I love free local I think the cream
April is really nice I was a good color
for you and very pretty flowers and my
coat and then at the back is where all
the color is all we need to shade it so
before this just had like products that
were smaller in but now it's actually
got miniatures of products so they've
got the five Perry bonds arose in like a
small thick we've got the mini and dry
shampoos and mini tidal from Sunday
Riley and many on ravit skirt cleanser
but how cool is that it's not just
little things anymore exactly like
travel-size version and then the collar
bit of the back goes on forever and
they've got these skylights as well up
to it that's all my and natural life
things everything is floating and
untouched look at that
my razors when I get my finger and be
like oh finales going to be there you
can take a picture of me for my
Instagram and I'm going to have to you
I'm using
so now Sylvester I got my hands and my
feet down but I say that the Daniel
dowel pin I wanna say Galvin not going
Daniel Galvin salon that's in Selfridges
on the third floor
really incredible great service if I
recommend and I got the SC gel manicure
cutter what the shade of this is cool
but I think it's like the gel version of
mink candy apple absolutely love it and
now and then we're hotel room for the
might have no stated before I've had so
much that it called the Hoxton I'll give
you like a quick little room tours but
it just sits spinning around and making
your feel sick so you walk in you've got
your bed there your chair there and then
like a little bit scarier or hasn't
thing to see the bathroom oh very nice
so how did I never know how to turn the
lights on for terrible logging there you
go there you go oh I like this a lot so
I've got about an hour and I'm going to
try and get some good things done in an
hour I'm going to try and answer my
emails using serious things I'm going to
try and write a blog post that is little
ambitious going to try and edit the vlog
that I've done it so far and then I've
got an hour until it's basically like
the end of the day and I'm going to go
meet Lily and managers and we're going
to go out for dinner and drinks and
dancing and what a store I will
I might not take you along for the ride
in terms of camera I might just film on
my phone because it's just easier I
don't have to carry this around we'll
see but it is an incredible day like
literally the weather today has been
insane essentially look at that not a
cloud in the sky I might not even take
out my coat so later on very
controversial but it is beautiful out
there I put a video live set so in this
video live it was a sponsored one that I
did with silver and it's the one that's
got mark in it and the comments are
hilarious I've been like going through
and trying to like reply all day so
they're so funny if you haven't checked
that video out check out just in the
comments because they all made me laugh
they're about like Marc's accent and
have sandals and they just crack me up
right now
because the mirror in this hotel is so
massive - it just goes on forever and I
thought I'd give you a quick look up for
the evening it's nothing special and
really casual wearing flats because I
thought I'd look walking and be involved
in this but I'm wearing my frame polka
dot like double blazer sure
under the three belt they wear with
everything brain skinny jeans Gucci
loafers saline bag yet this is a new
purchase from God or God and keep with
some gloss something I'm super super
fluffy outside still look cloud lining
but now we're going to switch to fine
camera which is proper proper I'm going
to meet you at home so be good so don't
ignore to my stuff away and put
everything ready to go when I come back
got my pajamas got my laptop got my Sex
in the City ready to go what what an
even I'm going to have my get back my
face is so red but that was such a good
night went to rocket for food the food
incredible we had a tasting menu it was
like the neverending just never-ending
food absolutely beautiful thoroughly
enjoyable mark is so jealous I was like
nesting in pictures news but we have to
go there again you will definitely go
there again and then we went to lucky
voice and a karaoke with Harry and
remands OE
and Jen I'll link all of their blogs
down below see what I lost my I can
barely can barely talk
no that'll don't speak is like the best
karaoke song we all just like sung our
hearts out to it as is the grease the
grease Monday's always goes down well
and I think my Spice Girls it was great
very just an amazing night a very good
day in London I feel like I'm going to
pop couple in there and drink a lot of
water and have a lot of sleeps I'm going
to meet some old work friends for brunch
tomorrow morning in Covent Garden thank
you so much for watching I hope you
enjoyed this video when I'm going to
watch better section 50 now this has
been a very fun London day pretty tipsy
London day I think it's time for bed I
will see you on Sunday with a brand new
video another
Vidia how you liking that and I will
empathy then yes by go surrounding now
poolside
