five liters reapply where we go in now
the midwife's come in here she's coming
to see you or baby brother uh I really
looked like he was doing know Chief
Keith game did it not yeah directly if
Chris is a larger hydrogen ba-ba-ba-ba
Coco Pops that dirty another works now
doing a different horse um hi
there's another sound
good morning guys in certain part time
we've got literally every appliance on
my tower a tumble dryers dishwasher
every day and which is a very simple but
we have the Midwife coming today I think
she's coming this afternoon as of this
morning
so then I'm just in that kind of panicky
state where I'm cleaning everywhere and
just you know making it with it right I
think I am quite a clean person but when
Midwife is coming to solve a sexual
house not it's just I'm really orange
now though she's accenting like the
cleanliness I don't think that when a
midwife is coming to check your house
you want to look as nice as possible so
I'm just like running around like a
crazy person trying anything
what did you Mike sorry char box no jump
to that one see oh wow this is such a
cozy pillow Wow yeah oh yeah you're very
good oh do it again all right
oh let's not do it to mummies if we do
it to mummy the baby might pop out mine
it oh and that'd be very silly wouldn't
it oh we don't want the baby to pop out
just quite yet
whopper entire drawer is right and on
the level
both our launch today had been a bit
help because we know we're having a
curry later so I want to show you what
we're having so I've got some mushrooms
tomatoes to bring onion salad turmeric
salt and pepper for seasoning and here's
some chicken up where you've got pretty
cooked in the fruit sorry from the
fridge
it's a lunchtime and Archie's finished
his log with Nana grounded around now
and so they're spoiling in with kinder
eggs and toys and all skin sort things I
just like to show you what happens to my
lunch a bit for in fact it's not like
I've been loving at the moment so it's
toasted bread or well tow flush out this
is some toasted bread with some fresh
mint very sounds more posh basically it
tastes mashed up avocado and tomato I
usually like sun-dried tomatoes but
these on and then vinaigrette glaze
I mean pat pat bought you a kinder egg
you're not going to share it oh I can
take the picture can I can I have a
little bit of chocolate please I'll get
the toy Wow
but could I have some chocolate oh thank
you M so generous Thank You Archie so
I'm just sitting down to do a little bit
of work that I need to get back to and
Brad went under today and the Midwife is
still not being I think she's coming
soon to twenty two and four and it's
half-past two now so and I don't know
where that's gonna be I hopefully it's
not too much later because they've
really been able to do anything today
but luckily it's a really horrible
miserable day so there's not that much
we could have done anyway yeah I'm just
going to get on with some work on top of
them
I'm gonna say yeah oh my god if you
could take one bad no object
oh my I could be your bum yet manage
consume about your sister as well oh oh
I'm sucking you through now
Marly stay here
hi guys
so midwife just been well a little while
ago anyway and then yeah I don't know I
feel really weird it all went really
well and everything and nothing was said
that worried me it's all about having
the home birth but I think it's just
because it all starts to feel really
real now and the fact that you know they
say you know the baby could come anytime
and stuff it was obvious I know that but
I just feel really emotional about it
all like us just crying him to Rick and
disown like I don't want to I don't want
to do it which is so stupid I think the
problem is that I feel like no matter
what I do something might go wrong which
it obviously could happen to anyone
during labor
I feel like it's all up to me and it's
my decision to making if I make the
wrong one then I'll regret it like if I
stay at home and have a home bath and
something goes wrong and I have to be
like rushed to hospital I'll feel like
well if you were at the hospital already
that wouldn't have happened and you
would have had to be rushed off in an
ambulance nor that or if something
happens to the baby at home and they
don't have as much you know medical
stuff there to help them as they would
if I was in the hospital I would like
feel guilty for the rest of my life but
then at the same time we hardly made it
to the hospital last time and the
midwife's you know if she said that most
second babies do come quicker in her
experience so we might not even make it
anyway and if I was calm and relaxed at
home maybe that would be the best thing
she said for moms are low risk and you
know usually having a second or third
baby's home birth can actually be safer
I don't know I'm getting really worked
up and up there because the baby's going
to come out this is nothing I can do
about her I can't just say I'll just
live in there for the rest of your life
is fine you know I'll carry you to your
20 I think I just need to get more
organized and then I might feel a little
bit better I need to pack a hospital bag
and the baby bag so all of that out just
so I have it just in case and then maybe
I'll just feel a bit calmer and try and
do I've been doing and take everything
as it comes and just deal with it as it
happens that's all you can do really
yeah sorry for my little moan but so
it's listening so it's about her
pacifier the Midwife is going Kate was
just discussing a few things about what
we're going to do or shall say what
she's going to do I just popped in on as
well to get that climb a day I think
interesting don't we have done any cuts
I don't know we have weekly it's going
to be the most boring blog ever yeah I
mean we've been cleaning a lot so
hopefully you guys watch cleaner
or like to go into acai you've done some
work we have done some photos and that's
why sometimes your nose plugs because
we're like looking after our trade 19 so
it's like walk we don't obviously it's
easier when we go out for the day but
then it's nice to do that homely yeah
and I think this one that's going to be
the home run hopefully because we have
got busy week or a couple of weeks ahead
so hopefully it will change and we will
be doing some natural mixture yes now
we're going to enjoy a quarry party to
bed and enough games or football ones
you're going to relax them
well I to get at every Wednesday
Wednesday you like a little snack oh
yeah I've probably played the same night
the same three times for ten years just
on and off and there's still ten years
later you still forget forget what day
is most of the time so that's just cuz
you got baby boy it's not stupid so I
realize how intelligent and beautiful
she is she's always put ourselves down
like a silly pocket it's been a nice or
yummy is it yummy or horrible yummy
that's good good night mommy yes I going
at mine now sad house before I get my
dinner
I've got put pork Ron first I just got
an Alison slippery probably a bit late
in the day to get this books now really
but my hairdresser tummy and was let me
read it yesterday marked in my hair done
because obviously shadow it is so good
they are going to order it and it's my
turn keeper
she's on Instagram and house into
Instagram is a mother of daughter and it
comes how to grow a baby and push it out
yeah we'll put the light please pick one
another I don't it's not about you money
Oh wrap it up okay
remember rabbits in CP she kills Alpena
Oh
tap tap who's that I did it Zubair fix
in the house
this type of luxury not so good not
everyone
