that's the o'houlihan Dusty Springfield
up in here
we just gone past the Tropic of
Capricorn I mean we're relying entirely
on a sign to let us know that yeah
that's pretty cool I can't believe how
much the terrain has changed just in the
last couple of hours
oh and we sawed you're off okay so you
see I just enough features of suck up
Willie's sticky feet here got to get a
show and then just go down budino we
check your necks on that exactly like
our friend says we're in swakopmund yeah
we're getting a hotel for the night
we admin city is really weird I didn't
really know what to do there was other
cars around and stuff okay always
interact it's funny how quickly you get
used to not being in the city yeah we're
going to be catching up on some editing
using the internet and then before we
move on but I'm also keen for a glass of
red wine and food we did some savage
savage droning today
okay so we're in a place called spits
copper which Kyle recommended it to us
and not gonna lie is the best camp site
I've ever stayed in I can't stop looking
at this giant stick insect flying around
our car we've set up camp you have to
check out the course log to see us
arriving but I just wanted to check in
with you guys and show you this freaking
massive stick and think like Indiana
Jones good morning everybody what is
happening what is going on welcome to
Namibia we're in a place called spits
gopher is unbelievable we arrived
yesterday afternoon set up camp 12:40
only seen one night yeah we did a whole
bunch of star photography last night all
over these rocks beautiful landscape
look at it unbelievable easily the best
campsite I've ever stayed on horridly
recommend it Nicole is going to be
writing a blog post on our journey
through Namibia and where we're staying
so if you want any more information go
check that out also Nicole's log is is
much more comprehensive than mine at the
moment I'm doing a lot of filming for
visual vibes staff and a lot of
photography stuff and we're leaving now
we're also going to be staying in an
epic location tonight we've got a long
drive ahead of us
good morning baby yeah hey gang yeah
again are you doing yeah where we going
we're going to a place called Espada
yeah I think it's in Marland I'm not
exactly sure but I know it isn't
okay we are where are we coming you
coming in am I am
we've been driving for a long time now
five and a half hours and then we've got
another hour or so to go getting some
fuel cars feeling good
so check this little shopping out check
this guy what do you want don't see
unless you want a window down yeah VIP
how's it going up to everything since
portal yeah yeah I just started I think
so hey Kavitha
yeah editor love hmm not fully by
tonight it will be done okay laughter
are you gonna Roy mate or are you gonna
say service whew
yeah I'm gonna go see if they refuse the
fuse blew on the fridge so our drinks
have only been a little bit cold it's
the first time he has enemy and stuff in
there that needs to be kept cold but the
first time we've had a fridge oh I'm
never going with that one again so nice
these guys look cute cat card tooth on
the road again
how long Bob an hour these rows I mean
some parts are nice and smooth other
parts are particularly annoyed being
corrugated and November is that a lot
better than she used to be noise wise
still a little bit rattly which is the
golovkin some kitchen stuff in the
vacuum all about something rattles real
nice the road check out
but finding place
full-time in Raceland ultimate
soundtrack to traveling through africa
highly recommend it
we've arrived at site because it's like
unspoken rule where we wave everybody
and I don't know Europeans do not like
the wave back then I like and you can
pause you can follow your you know like
a crispy German like how do you call it
like the cargo pants oh yeah I am
well it gets the economy may get very
good the economy but I mean I'm the I'm
a European tourist I'm terrific we're
just super friendly baby we're just
spreading the good vibes everywhere we
go
yeah and this is what you see every time
you go rental Bucky with Europeans
rolling around only consider myself like
half European for starters we're
currently following this guy to our
campsite okay where we're going to park
and this is our little home for a couple
of days Suns gone down thank you
oh that is a big bag of wood yes it
makes it apparently next to the Brier
would be just so that is awesome thank
you you always position attempt with
what you're going to wake up yeah yeah I
get it
because it's gonna be dark soon oh just
yeah that is quite a trick if I walk
yeah but with the big bugs that we found
last night you're only walking too far
into the bush flatness I don't know
so like flatness is important always
these campsite seemed a little too big
but just to three number as well and
ninety-four okay let's make a fire okay
I saw you can use this guy or that guy
monkey on the roof it
yes yeah oh my dear beep-beep-beep this
but is reversing the fridge fuse broke
and but I managed to pull one out of the
car temporarily because we don't need a
heater but we do need a fridge can come
find any spare fuses right now anyway
it's my job it take my heavy Oh lighter
and make a bride come with me know if
you guys can even see me big bag of
Namibian hardwood perfect check this
nice out that I got so study for it nice
to do stuff where you actually need to
use the knife
we have eco fire lighters to pretend to
make up for the fact that we're driving
13,000 kilometers in a diesel car but
every little helps I suppose well it's
done I love camping so much guys look at
our setup pretty much it's just my
favorite thing to do
camping brilliant it's so much better
than staying in a hotel through a lot of
you will disagree with that I've stayed
in a lot of very fancy hotels there's
nothing quite like just having a fire
going and cooking some meat or whatever
there's beauty in simplicity of camping
especially well once you get all your
gear organized as well with apparently
as some baboons around if we hear noises
probably baboons so we've got four more
days in Namibia than we well six more
days and then we're heading into
Botswana where I've never been before
super excited and we're going to
hopefully check out the Delta I've got
this dream shot that I want to get of
elephants wading through the Delta early
sunrise or sunset mirror glass water and
yeah big le but we're going to see
Ellie's in a couple of days in etosha
for sure frontrunner bright grid looking
fantastic right looking up the storm
alright guys
I see tomorrow we're going to go explore
some kind of amazing view don't forget
to go and check out my Instagram
accounts I think I just hit 700,000
followers which I'm super happy with of
course my goal is million always has
been so I'm like 70% there we've got
loads of fun photos to share with you
when we do eventually get some internet
by the time this goes out certainly
there'll be a few photos up from our
travels so far and the calls as well go
and check her out links are in the
description the call has been vlogging
on this trip as well yeah I'll see you
tomorrow
