what's up guys welcome back to another
vlog as you could tell my voice is gone
um
I win Millions subscribe I mean by the
time this is posted you guys will have
this you know you already know I think
we're past million now but I can't even
believe it thank you so much from
literally the bottom of my heart I was
screaming all night as you could tell
and I threw a little party for a million
I just I'd be fun to like take guys
along for the day it's already 2:30 and
yeah that's it I love flogging these
days because they're just kind of fun
and spontaneous
but I'll keep you updated for what
happens but welcome to another vlog make
sure to subscribe if you want to join
our family we just hit a million so let
me just subscribe taste test for camera
I don't like it I feel like I feel like
I'm almost gonna throw up
oh shit that's good I'm with my best
friend lucky yeah we're doing our makeup
right now had some college boy show me
how to do that stuff yeah you just put
it under your cheek it's like let me do
it for you yeah okay i canvassed
I'm so excited I just got back from
school put PJs on a K and oversized mine
t-shirt I'll link down below it's
forever 21 I just ordered a bunch of
oversized men's t-shirts from 421 and
I've just been living in them so I will
link all them down below because I know
that sometimes you guys just want to
know they're not that expensive so I
feel like you know it's a look look how
many waters I have to drink cuz I'm not
gonna waste it for 45 and I decided this
morning I'm going
my brother Gianni what's up guys we are
well I just thought it would vlog today
because last minute I'm going to New
York tomorrow with Marc Jacobs beauty
and Marc Jacobs for like the fashion
show and some like fun dinners but the
beauty team and stuff so I just thought
it was like vlog like the prep the
packing all that and then obviously I'll
actually vlog the trip as well right now
my brother and I are going to FedEx
because he has to ship something off and
then we are gonna go to the market we're
gonna make a really nice healthy dinner
and what the Fashion Week and yeah it's
gonna be good and then he's gonna drag
me to the gym because I haven't worked
out well because you can hear I'm still
a little bit sick like my voice is gone
but yeah I feel fine to work out I've
just been like putting it off and using
sick as an excuse so Livi's is good no
long hitter bench press convention
friends yeah right
the adventures have chilled
she almost knocked over my balls family
brother would say he was going to school
with his backpack
he's almost 26 he's not actually it's
just his work bag yeah we're out of here
we're about to go to the gym gionee
oh he's had one step ahead of me
be out here just go out of the shower I
look pretty rough put my slippers on and
I'm gonna go make dinner I'm gonna catch
up with you guys a little bit later and
stop vlogging for now because I'm just
gonna go hang out with my brother but um
along again when I like put my spray tan
out or my self tan on and I start
packing and all that stuff so I am self
tanned look how cute these flowers are
that Sephora sent me I love them they're
so beautiful and look at the base oh
that's for hitting a million subscribers
so thank you so much Sephora you guys
are so good to me and like I just I love
you okay well I'm gonna go finish
packing in all that stuff and charge my
camera so I'll see you guys tomorrow
bright and early I have a 7 a.m. flight
so I'm waking up at like 5:00
good morning everyone it is 457 our car
got here about 15 minutes ago and making
breakfast for myself really quickly I'm
just gonna make peanut butter toast
raita bananas else brought popcorn are
you much brain through security is it
just water bottles you can't bring fine
I'm gonna take my popcorn honey I'm not
really sure and we're gonna head to the
airport very soon get to New York can be
an awesome day
so throughout the airport I just went
through security I'm reading or my
brother somewhere over there
so I just got to my hotel room it is so
cute I'll show you guys around a little
bit so basically this is the door that
you enter when you enter you have a
little bar area some drinks and snacks
and then right here is the room I just
put all my stuff down but look what was
waiting for me Marc Jacobs beauty well
open that in a second so then this is
the cute little bed little window TV
someone's at my door one second and then
like little closet area and then back to
the front door and then the little
bathroom is so pretty just looks like
this and shower I'm sorry I have no
makeup on and I've just been traveling
all day but let's see so it has money an
itinerary I got into late to go to the
shopping event but they said I could
stop by the store and I'll have a five
hundred dollar gift card to shop at Mike
Jacob which is really sweet at the
Beauty dinner tonight at La Serena and
7:30 and then tomorrow's the Fashion
Show plus backstage exclusive access now
for the goodies
whoo that's nice
it's really creamy
that's a really pretty color I like that
a lot got a little blush friend
I forgot all rushes I even bring a
beauty blender to do my makeup huh oh
geez Olivia I think I might need to go
to Sephora right now I wonder if my
hotel is walking distance from Sephora
for like Friday or something
that was a botch brushes to do my makeup
I should probably go deal with that so
catch you later okay so I'm currently
walking twist for huh cuz I need to get
stuff like I have to do my makeup
tonight for this dinner so that's where
I'm headed right now
okay I was walking to Sephora and I see
makeup in here I don't know what store
this is but I'm gonna I'm gonna head in
here oh it's a pharmacy okay wish me
luck people wish me luck it ended up
being Walgreens I just couldn't tell
from the outside and I got some real
techniques I got some really random
brushes I just honestly didn't know what
I was doing but the better than walking
all the way to Sephora so I'm headed
back to my hotel right now
and then actually got ready for the Marc
Jacobs dinner tonight and yeah we're
just kind of rolling with it so I'm glad
I got makeup brushes oh that would have
been a really big struggle
I'm back in my hotel house a little bit
stressful but actually not really
because it was such a peaceful walk and
it's so beautiful out and like I just
loved it it was so fun I love the city I
love the city I don't like even the
winter because I hate cold weather but
I'm a California girl but I really do
like that like nice stroll and also was
like a long enough walk where I could
like clear my mind and like think about
life cuz I'm thinking about a lot right
now but it was like the perfect amount
and I'm really happy and I feel very
calm now when that should have been a
more stressful situation probably
there's my little outfit right now I
don't know why I'm showing you shoes or
Gucci jeans or Levi's sweater is
princess Polly everyone was asking where
this is from in my back to school haul
so or not haul
what was it first a senior year blog
yeah and then my sunglasses are key I'll
show you I think there's a club with
Kylie I'm not sure they were sent to me
so I'm like wearing them all the time
because like I like the shape it's fun
okay
I'm gonna get ready I'm gonna jump in
the shower do my makeup and I'll see you
guys after okay so I'm ready to go this
is the makeup it's very glowy I did it
in like 25 minutes so could be worse I'm
at my outfit it's just like this long
t-shirt dress it's actually a men's
shirt with these really sick boots show
the best way the boots are everything
for on the way to LA Serena
for Oh Lighting's aside from our Jacob
spinner Marc Jacobs Doody why does my
camera eat me
we're here and it's so cool
this is like what it looks like so my
brother and I are gonna go take photos
morning everyone so it's beautiful today
in the city I just woke up it's 11:45 I
woke up a little late since I'm on La
time and I'm gonna order some room
service my eyes looking dead I already
took a bite out of the toast but
breakfast currently walking it to a nail
salon I get so lost
in New York I'm really confused
but I have it on my phone
this place is so true
I switch to vlog on my phone because I
cannot fit my camera in my clutch but
I'm ready to go look and I excited so
Marc Jacobs fashion show here we go I'm
back in my room and I'm just packing up
all my stuff because I'm lying my best
friend Holden and Zacks and apartment
cuz I live in New York and I'm gonna go
spend the night there before I leave in
the morning for my flight so I'm gonna
end the vlog here thank you guys so much
for watching I hope you enjoyed it and
I'll see you next time bye
