right I've had an absolute mer and it is
still it's currently I think five
minutes to one and I managed to extend
my checkout time at two one thinking I
found a little bit global extra sleep or
we dug a little bit extra sleep
it's now five to one and I have snow I'm
just not packed yeah I think I'm in
trouble giveaways time to check out and
leave New York I'm gonna miss you New
York you've had a great time I mean I
haven't I mean I've seen hardly anything
even weather's been worse in London but
you know what I've still enjoyed my time
here wish that pink building down there
and the guys that the guys have finished
doing what they're doing
diva did it or fell off I don't know but
well done what happens if you don't
check out on time did it tell you off do
they give you it like just pay for
actually I understand how it works some
reason though Alfie said he's extended
his checkout time to 1:30 so I called
them up and said can I take some butter
up can I extend my check out and they
said yeah yeah go set to one and I was
like but Alfie I'll freakin have one
three why can't I have one thing turns
out he's dating zoella you know what I
was done I was having so much fun last
night that when I came in I didn't
realize that this was on my table just
here it says who what a week
thank you being part of this week being
thank you for being part of this week
for being creative being authentic and
being you and being drunk before so
goodbye we have one more special gift to
help capture the special moments in your
life a nest camera enjoy oh my word look
at this I don't even know what an S
camera is but it looks fun thank you so
much YouTube I love you a lot
I'm gonna put my bag right now so don't
leave it behind okay I'm packed and
ready had a call from front desk said
where are you you're late there's one
thing I forgot to pack yeah I'm just
gonna do it I think everyone else is
taking it so I'm just gonna do it shame
all in fellas
how's it going ha ha ha look who it is
hello how are you you've never been in
one of my videos before
to fail if you only woke up earlier
today I know listen to how deep my voice
of some reason I've woken up with a
deeper voice it's husky and sexy I'm
trying to I'm trying to order food buy
back to resort to the immune plus not a
good way guys puddles in New York a
bigger than my back you might yeah set
my future I was gonna say something else
but um no we're now just go for another
little stroll through New York in the
rain apparently
and that's how I got rid of the disease
so yeah pint was to get really nice
tomorrow and we're leaving today bloody
typical blade typical Vic it's just
plastic standard to be honest
Rick yesterday's I think we went to rock
star or not yesterday Vic going bite
into fancy rockstar games office like
the career of grand theft auto like
their Red Dead Redemption max payne max
payne
wasn't @midnight than a big nightclub
yeah bargain although you're all the
classics yeah bloody hell
so we're back in the hotel now I'm gonna
try and impress Ava with my destroy
beatboxing skills it's like that that's
how you do it bit what do you think of
it yeah no I dude I'm in love wine you
spoon over me you can't really fun
imagine the store has to be real school
great Connor Connor Franta has become
the trendiest boy that I know that was a
trendy link trendy then Casper Casper
Walker you just dressed like Connor
Franta high goals without fit goes
everyone's leaving me Jasper white
Casper we go find out way on it's
different flight silly arrow this time
Vic bars a blog hug yeah look after him
Vic
he's my fragile little bean bean pong
and we had a great date like yesterday
we don't he just faces what your nose on
my hand
come on Vic come and say goodbye a
grandpa Joe ah have a safe flight
you to be basic first boys leave me now
he a vers leaving me that was left of
Alfie okay she's gone and then there was
two
and I cars not arriving flag another
another like four hours
look at this these right here are
earplugs that you so you put one ear end
of your ear it looks like a dog's good
like a long sausage dog
and for you for your head is what you
booked on what sir you get lucky
essentials when here's a condom
lubricant and mints
see you guys later oh it's out of focus
so wait it's out of focus there we go
see you later
Alfie this year did the best bail I've
ever seen
you got toilet star you got tie on the
bottom of your foot I'm asking like it's
getting late ruin your shoes I love that
this could be the next pointlessblog one
of the page the next pointlessblog
calendar what this
yeah like that oh you're like a queen I
go you look like a Greek coin oh my word
us clothes I'll take that at your shins
out I fink Nydia more tip where we're
now off to you go and see what you get
me with me
New York to spell place it easier for
looking out flu ease she was in the and
now we don't know hello oh my word
please and jump with me you are precious
I don't really like you as much huh this
squirrels here I know what went on my
junket did it yeah if you sit long
enough until another come on
oh my word oh they make pigeons that
boring then this one squirrels yeah
these are like vicious little faster I
love them this here says no pets I mean
what happens you've got a pet pigeon is
that is that allowed
Louise who's behind he's gonna go in
your bag is he on your bag yeah they
just like we don't a leaf look he's he
has leaves all the time
no he wants her brother no don't no
don't feed them I've been I subpoena
yeah we're gonna fight that thing is
right you can get squirrels in the UK
but yeah these are feeding them the
other day
please these squirrels just seem like
they're more fun they're like six mart
squirrels they're not like they're not
like you're kind of like bush squirrels
you get in Wiltshire I reckon they're
like part of a gang and the pit then
verse the pigeons the pigeons like
there's more of them I reckon squirrels
dude CJ I bet one yeah pigeons like like
as well like these pigeons here they're
they're not like nice pictures that you
get wheelchair their base scraggly ones
I reckon I reckon a squirrel could take
out free pigeons as I treat where Steve
anymore he's got Bob he's got a bowl but
let's go isn't he it's got both folk
he's got bowled back the one that got
uni I think you need if you eat
injection Louise
Steve Madden Steve shout shout out to
Steve and we are off bye guys and every
seam in back Oh we'll even after we
leave Alfie behind is that possible
it was safe
no not this they've got me on the ones
and twos in the back here I'm DJing you
doing the whole trip I think I did a
good job and so now I've gone old she
knows a good job isn't it all songs I
never filled with air travel
so what busted out her stuff throw back
here with plaster bugs
Oh
I'm gonna get a copyright strike I
messed my head what is that what is that
what is that what is that you got that
injustice Bob now is what you glad for
hey you know what I was thinking
I said well entry wasting my earhole i'm
savage on earth I'm trying to think yeah
that when I know is the most vulgar and
- what are the grossest stuff I I am I
can be got vulgar but not in this lady
present
Alfie doesn't care he's he shouts like
who like everything
he shouts like TV show
oh you shout like you shout like all the
things but to be honest I think Cheevers
the worst we decided we're yeah Jim
loves talking heard Jim was talking
dirty but that's a bit weird
Jim loves a good old chat about that
kind of stuff Jim's got some stories as
well do you know the hair story but yeah
yeah yeah you know the hair straw
hello bed I am now back oh my word I
need a haircut that is so long anyway
I'm back home now and I've basically
came home I didn't need to sleep because
I slept most the plane journey back in
fact all of the plane journey back but I
may have had a sneaky like four hours
sleep during the day which is so
annoying because such nice days were
also basically missed out that day but
then enter the vlog I've edited some
gaming stuff which we got very very soon
and I've also decided that I'm not going
to stay here tonight and I get a Casper
Lee's house because he wants to film a
video of me because he's got on tall
students who wants a video like ready to
go so he a government filming for his
channel but what is it realizes I'm
gonna prank him and I can say that
because I can set it now because this
vlog will be up after the prank happens
hopefully it's gonna go down well I'll
let you know what it is now obviously
today is Saturday tomorrow is Sunday and
I want Rob not for you watching this but
for me right now in today's Saturday
tomorrow's Sunday and you know me and
Kasparov just both come from New York so
he's probably want to lie in tomorrow
but I'm not gonna let that happen
I'm going to try and sneak into his room
and put this is this is not all done by
the way hey get over there there try and
put all these elastic bands around his
phone when he's asleep but before I do
that and it set his alarm for ridiculous
time in the morning and I out stay
tonight my first sleepover George it
means you had room is occupied all that
means you can get your turn go oh this
looks fancy doesn't it what the bloody
hell's up why
JoEllen reordered Oh like you hard
zuly natural proper you work from a
proper proper Chinese wait wait wait
wait wait no order is it no it asked us
Singapore noodles is one main meal
missing nightmare it says it really lost
28 pounds on here we paid like fifty
already what a nightmare I can't
actually not eat this now they're the
worst thing is probably like we're gonna
switch her on but I really yeah really
neat as well especially I'm just going
to box him I said is that what did you
not hear me say to the guys everything
yeah yeah how can you blame me ever
tasted argument go enjoy going Josh cut
him in the bull Thank You sours it for
you guys I eat the wrong stuff they
brought us cuz they want to bring it
back now okay but I had a feud over some
time so Josh
George you can't do that it's legal I
need a drink until the legal drinking
age is in London
probably more than how do you do oh god
I look young why'd you act the same age
as your height six or seven how old how
tall you you're cracking the jokes why
don't you start acting your age not your
shoe size ah so can we so we finished
filming Casarez video when's it gonna go
out it's not like it's not for a while
is it probably in like three weeks three
weeks food has been redeliver do oh is
that what's that do you order broccoli
this isn't right here what is Rock Lee
from a so it's a bit wrong again
they could run again anyone want a
shrimp no no you did you that's part of
your thing how is it now it's chicken
that's chicken this is my one yeah
that's fine yeah my one pork pork or
chicken skewers
oh there they aren't what about that's
wine it's not chicken skewers
no nutrient so change either way guys
let's just be grateful that we are well
nourished and have food so no they can't
even have takeaways who would but who
was broccoli from a Chinese uh morges
that's very true
Kesler I appreciate your cut but may but
I also want to lie down somehow card
Josh take these legs sorry
that's no point do I get look at the
size of those feet I get those on me God
knows what's on the bottom of them in
the head these little things look it is
little time pick my love good feel good
sometimes no I can do that you use that
long to grip onto the roof as he
climbing oh there comes more fetching
jokes yep
alright Josh I was attached at once
those we go to the Bob he's go for the
ball oh he's dropped someone's phone
wait let my ass up my friend you sort of
wengie you feel that roof of the enemy
wait didn't answer that Caspar such a
good host he's given us water before bed
like bottled water as well I do feel
like him in a hotel right now this is my
first night staying over at the Jasper
Jasper Jasper there Casper hotel oh wow
so I can look at myself when I'm in bed
that's nice it's like cheaper than a
mirror why have you got a pink
toothbrush not mine whose is it
kappa - rick cat i gotta say i put
subtitles in extra toothbrush is your
boobs good what flea you stink
Jeb asthma you have asthma good don't
try that at home if you have a smart
great
you can touch you see me right now which
is no bit annoying howdy good
I love it the way my face there we go
hello that I should pretty creepy um so
as in the night is currently 10:00 to
2:00 in the morning so we have a castle
to probably get asleep and then we're
gonna go at it oh damn I never gonna go
ahead and jump like his phone knows
where I've got it I've got it
ah God rate with nasty pants for a prank
if it's March video I'm sorry to see
your little head in the good so I'm
gonna call in I err I can do the vlog if
you take your big thumbs up and I will
see you tomorrow with an unlock but I
know I'm not oh that's okay good night
thanks Josh I love Himura
