hi everyone so this week's vlog is gonna
be a little bit different it's gonna be
more of like a mini blog like people
come shopping with me type thing if you
can hear noises in the background and
really so Matt mark is having like the
noisy issue next door and it's currently
a Sunday we've just got ready had a very
lazy morning and then we're gonna go
into town and run a couple of errands
which is where this comes in because
this video is sponsored by boots
I love boots I have done for absolute
years and they're actually celebrating
20 years at the advantage card you know
you like the rewards card let me find
your mind it's in the purse I always
carry it around with me then it's very
well-loved actually this little bad boy
hasn't been around for 20 years it's
definitely been around probably for
about ten because I think I've had this
since I was 16 it was like one of the
first things you know when you turn like
a certain age and you're like oh now I
can apply for this I literally got it
the minute that I could have here and
over the years I've accumulated a lot of
points on it I think I currently have
around eighty one pound fifty s worth of
points but last time I saw it comes at
the bottom of your receipt how many
points you've got on your rewards card
and I was like who okay yeah I think
it's defendant but over the years I have
spent my points for lots of different
things I remember buying the Dior and
like lip flow like the little lip glow
thing I bought that I brought to your
air flash with it as well back in the
day and then when I was at uni I bought
lots of mil deals with it it got me
through times when I was quite hungry
and I got to have the good old mill deal
that was great I mean I practically
picked my university because there was a
boots on campus but nothing and uni
there is a boots on campus cuz boots is
from Notting in and it was just
absolutely fab but I can't believe it's
been around for 20 years so in September
they're celebrating and many happy
reports and there are lots of different
metal offers amazing things going on
I'll make sure that will link down in
the description box below through but
I'm basically gonna go along today and
do a bit of a boot school which sounds
like a great way to spend or some day if
you ask me if you don't already have a
boots advantage card then I don't know
why not because for me it is like the
best reward scheme out there you get
four points for every pound and that is
just sad that they do that all year
round and they have so many amazing
events where you think get extra points
if you spend a certain
skincare and things like that so that's
why I've managed to accumulate so many
throughout the years and I basically
just buy everything I need beauty wise
there I get my cotton pads from there
obviously by beauty things from there
there's just a great range of products
and you can apply for the card either
online there is an app you get think
great offers that tailor to you they're
like come through the post and you get a
little coupons and stuff you can spend
them either in-store and online as well
I just think it's the best it's why it's
always in my purse and say yeah I'm
basically gonna take mark along with me
into town we're going to run a couple of
errands and then I'm gonna make him
follow me around in Boots this is a bit
of a UK drugstore haul as well and I'm
gonna come back and kind of throw it on
my face and do a bit of a Tryon with it
as well so have you like this like this
running right that's going to town as if
you didn't want to attention to be drawn
to you more enjoy see you later bye
I think
we're gonna take up a repurchase of this
this is the bronzing mousse so like it's
pricey one is so good but then I think I
might try this on as well the Southtown
Express bronzing mist not the meat I
won't get my good deal okay
what's the justification
okay table mini cold baby I'm always
running out so you get
that's all really good look at it it's
that sure like good-looking lock handle
I'm actually gonna pick up a blood
orange embed what paddywhack scandal
that only Marx trying to put that in my
face
what ones that I smells amazing well
that's not amazing passionfruit and
guava oh that smells really nice too I
think I'm gonna stick with the original
one though because it's my mum's
birthday Oh
today it's my mom's birthday today I
should really drop our text I'm seeing
her later on so I think I might get
heavy for her birthday
mark got in there before me strike two
you didn't even like you didn't even
give him a fault in your life basically
every time I cut on one because it's my
favorite shampoo and it's like 20 quid I
forget it with my point get it okay
marks wandered off knees come back with
these it was just this charger
but still a good purchase in the basket
they go and whilst you left me I found
this this is from SD and it is a treat
unloved color and it's like a bit of a
base coat thing in the shade shares to
you and it looks like it kind of wants
to say it's a strengthener for normal to
dry and brittle nails so i got in as
well for at the next concert and a
lovely lady who works it's really sweet
and was chatting awaiting for me i just
recommended me this this is the soft
matte lip cream in happen try to on the
back of my hand looks like a good kind
of I can see that looking about it
they're like mashed paradise mascara
which normally it's not available in
water yet so not there be like that and
then I'm cuz I've got my lash like lips
going on at the moment I feel like I can
hide attacks long water
that's cool happening and I've seen
every one side
always sharp lipliner in I feel like I
just need a bit of a lip liner sometime
my lip line is great sorry
one that's like pinky and like not to
you need mmm that one looks kind of like
pinky and not to eat sometimes I just
like to do a bit of a lip line I'm not
really wearing my child from her lips
though like
so we've moved really far now we to the
other side of the Smashbox counter
it's the smashbox camera-ready CC cream
you guys know I love CC I think I know
that you like CC creams alright I feel
like I've heard you note mentioned them
before you know it looks like my single
moment I like your finger to get my all
it's only have actually seen before any
of it and this isn't boots now
personally that extra strength but it's
an efficient that goes down like that
and they eat these are the best oh I
know so chopping about it
the girls none of my friends they're
always asking me where you can get these
from that's what you're going to get me
in sense
these now polish and Riva things here in
the boots Brighton store and look at the
nail polish section just have a word
brother this is the best
these are the best cotton world that the
cotton wool double-faced brown pads it's
the only column world that I use tends
to always be I might buy one yes like
another half price always make a book
like Monroe
heaven forbid might impact I'll over
then I didn't know that they would be
okay no I'm not very stable I'm not very
stable I didn't actually sell this
privately souk in SEK I am much about
how you say it
I think before I tried their nail polish
remover and it's like something pardon
free it's a very natural brand now she's
really well priced like that says
scrubbing up selling found likes fun
things I might try a lot I do have a big
rock
we've got detoxifying clay Mars
Oh anti-pollution I'm not going to try
to facial moisturizer and I'm going to
try
detoxifying supergreens playlists I
think all that care has done had a
rather full basket yeah when I get home
I will kind of take you through and I'm
going to try a couple of meetings on my
facebook right so I'm back and I've
taken out all over Marc's things there
on the floor there for him kind of joint
purchases we may need I'll quickly take
you through my repurchases I mean the
load of cata move double faced round
bags like I said they're the only cotton
ball that I use so I'm quite happy that
I've got a lot more of those to keep me
going
the Sanpei self-tan express the bronzing
mousse I needed to pick up another one
of these I always pick up a Bumble and
Bumble sundae shampoo these might not be
the most exciting purchases but I love a
good travel mini so the Colgate healthy
clean the mini little toothpaste there
you go perfect size for like a week or
two away so these would be really handy
for New York and also a mini Mitchum
powder fresh deodorant as well mitchum
is the only thing that works for me I've
mentioned all the time that I'm a
complete sweaty Betty and these are
great gift wise I picked up this from my
mum today and she actually text mark
back before me saying thank you for the
birthday message like I am super
offended by it now but it is a
paddywhacks
soy wax candle my mom loves candles I
think we we definitely share that she's
passed that down to me and it is the
blood orange and bergamot it smells so
good I know she's really really gonna
like that but under the new things
there's a couple of new things I can't
really demonstrate to you in this video
and one of them is such a self-tan
Express the bronzing mist so I'm
guessing this could be a little bit
easier than the mousse and that you kind
of just spray it on and then sort of
buff it in with a little mitt so it
could be a little quicker and I think
I'm going to do a quick little time
before I go into my honestly haven't and
for yonks and feel like I need a bit of
like sun kiss back in my life so I will
let you know how that one goes and I'll
let you know how this one goes as well
the seeking detoxifying a clay mask
supergreens it was great comfy that
brand in there that looks right up my
street I'll probably do that tonight as
a bit of a like preflight pamper
and then I actually just use this this
is the nail polish from either
extra-strength the one in the pub bottle
absolutely genius I had some clear nail
polish on my nails I just got rid of
that before I try on this se one it
worked really well
oh it's developed to remove glue and
glitter but how good is that but the
first thing that I can try on my face
and I have got a bit of face on at the
moment so this isn't really a true test
but it is the smashbox camera-ready CC
cream i pick this up in the shade light
i just thought that this looked really
glowy and I've honestly gone in probably
for like the last year and just watched
it and been like I think I want it but
not actually purchase it so I'm quite
happy finally just got around to it I
quite like that I feel like it looks
quite glowy on the skin very natural
it's very quick to blend the color match
was good for me they actually had quite
a lot of shades across the board as well
which is good so that's good for a CC
cream I think this is coming to New York
with me along with my teeth base and the
other thing that I bought was this this
is the L'Oreal lash paradise mascara got
the same kind of run goin about asperity
rose gold E and like I said I put a lash
lift at the moment I haven't got
anything on my eyelashes right now but
it means I don't have to go for
waterproof mascara wow there's a lot of
bristles going on there I feel like this
is gonna give super loads of volume oh
yeah there's quite a lot of volume going
on here so this one obviously has it and
this one doesn't
I like that though it's quite nice when
you have the lash lifting you don't have
to go for waterproof formulas I feel
like there's just a whole new world of
mascaras that I've been like opened up
to I'm excited to try this the Smashbox
always sharp lip liner in nude fair I
think this is like a good color for me
so it's not too Brown yeah that's really
nice by pink that's a really natural
color for me but it's definitely defined
my lip line a little bit so I like that
and I think if you twist it so we sharp
it's sharpened again oh I so genius so
then I'm gonna put on a bit of the NYX
soft matte lip cream I know that I like
these I have two shades can and also the
shades Stockholm and it's just a really
nice liquid lipstick formula I mean I
feel like a lot of liquid lipsticks out
there can be quite drying quite matte
thick on the lips but this is very
natural really kind of slippy on the
lips bit dries down map and I like that
and this is Athens which I'm actually
going to in October so there you go I
think that could be a new favorite lip
color there I love that that's just such
a good kind of nudie peachy but is still
quite like bright little bit summery a
really good pairing with the lip liner
as well so thank you to the lovely girl
on the council that had a little chat
with and she recommended that that was
such a good show and then the final
thing that I'm going to try is this the
Essie treat love and color strengthener
in the shade sheers to you great name
but like I said I've just taken off what
now polish I did have so they're looking
a bit I mean they're fine but they're
just looking a bit kind of boring and
there's not much shine going on there so
hopefully this will add a little bit of
shine back into things so I painted it
on and now it's just like a bit of
iridescent to my nail and normally I am
NOT about that iridescent life on my
nails but I think it sort of made them
look a little bit more glowy and shiny
which I really like and hopefully it
should strengthen them as well which I
am so down for so that is the end of
this little come shopping with me
episode slash mega haul I have
definitely got a lot more points on my
groups advantage card now but hopefully
this is giving you some inspiration of
what to spend your points on I'm very
happy with all of my purchases and very
happy to partner with boots in this
video because like I said I have been
using them for years and this comes very
naturally to me but thank you so much
for watching
definitely check out the description box
below to see the special offers they
have on during the weekends this month
but thanks for watching and I'll see you
on Sunday a brand new video bye
