hi baby what's up how are ya how has
everybody gone
hey cane what's up Noah hey nice to see
you I'm using my inside voice
this is my inside voice chorus sleeping
nitro what up
tux is hiding back here toss toss
sleeping you get to take out the trash
but you got headphone marks from your
games can't get it get it Caine oh
that's a diaper one full of diapers hey
you guys want to try the boat thing you
really want to let's do it okay it's
charge I have the little boats are fully
charged but I think we need the big boat
taxi boy you guys we got this idea that
I could pull the kids in the pond within
our SIBO totally will work and don't
work maybe it might want to pop up I
don't know it's hard to tell that's
right you can just wrap your quarter in
the pond go goose all right sergeant
it's charging let's go I'll follow you
Go Go Go what up dude what's up baby how
are you man here I'll tie it up get
these boats running
they forgot the little ones don't flip
it drove it nice oh gosh Oh
oh yeah
see ya the race is on plug these two
look at these two get a map get a vamp
you got him you yes
got it had to rescue a boat or a boat
down bring it back man Anna Anna Anna
these things are so fun
hope you guys are having an awesome day
we are hanging out here at the house
Brittany's inside with Cora she is
sleeping like most of the time the girl
sleeps like crazy that's what they do we
do get some look at the flower beds some
look good around here got all the new
like whatever this is called the border
some stone and these these were already
here but the new lattice from the dogs
tearing it all up we we started all the
stone around the pond it comes all the
way around this side just the back side
of it I love it I think it looks so nice
this place has really come to life and
we've already I'm so glad we got lucky
using it this summer because it wasn't
supposed to be filled until next year
and now now this is where the kids spin
and burn most of their energy now it's
amazing get them cane get him yeah guys
hang it out as a family today we're not
really doing much I'm gonna go check
this RC boat so I'm gonna try to pull
the kids on that hot dog and then we
great and this stone the stone hasn't
been washed yet so it just it looks like
mud it's just like dirty rocks once you
wash it's really pretty and colorful and
yeah pull see I got a 40 right now just
they're gonna be quiet its core still
sleeping
she's an out still kids are out here oh
my god both computers are gone guys we
are taking an official game break that
goes for everybody in the house we're
taking a break from games - me I'm still
playing games 100% yeah but I've got a
secret spot for mine it's gonna be
secret secret daddy game time ha ha no
but this has have been a major major
decision and we just need a break from
games like its its ruling the house okay
I cannot explain canes like every
thought is like when he's playing his
next video game am I too weak out of
like no like we gotta stop it
an addiction it's a serious area they
make the game so good I want to play it
right now on there they're so good so
we're taking know maybe a week off from
video games not solid like no games ever
but like we're gonna take a break from
it I know it sounds horrible right it's
like mean what is this a prison what are
you guys doing what are you doing in the
garage huh what are you guys doing what
is Becca that you always want just rope
what is back here flash get it get it I
said he is always digging back here I
don't know what it is probably maybe a
mouse or something what's back here okay
okay
batteries aren't dumb but they're really
close I think I'm just gonna pull them
and get what we get don't throw a fit
yeah this guy right here is a nasty boat
I mean this thing is a beast we watch
this channel for a while you already
know it is it's so fun okay this is by
the bus why I need both hands to drive I
might be able to get it from here if you
guys hold on I got a vlog and drive the
boat I want you guys to hold on to the
boat I'll see if I can pull you in the
hot dog this thing's gnarly
oh yeah you lay like that and then
you'll hold on to the boat I have to
paddle to the boat actually I have
reverse you guys I can't turn this I'm
vlogging I'm like really bad here okay
no way well I won't you're gonna
actually put weight on it and push it
down okay but don't push it underwater
you keep it above water already keep
hold it on its sides on its sides I
can't steer anyways so you guys have to
just ready
you got this you got this
i'ma take I'm gonna take you boys to
victory you just don't let it go
underwater
I'll start real slow ready
hold on the back of the boat try the
back of the boat like with your hands
around the boat you know it's just gonna
pop a wheelie you just got to keep it
from drowning like you gotta keep it
above water you got it on tight
hey yeah I'm going nice and slow there
you go there you go hey watch this watch
this ready ready ready ready see ya hey
you guys you got to go rescue this wreck
there it's over there against that pole
epic epic splash cam you guys ready
splash cam
do it again
everyone say no one's this yeah don't
worry I'm a professional like being
surrounded by shark
you guys can hide all you want I'm a
crazy boat driver what is this what is
this Cora what's up girl
she just eat nigga some laughs out of
her she gonna start giggling I never
like with know I'd even think about it
with Kane I didn't think of it uh but
every day I'm like she's almost laughing
she's gonna be giggling and I can't wait
she's gonna be one of the girls that
play with their hair
she thinks she's falling she's like I
don't know about this position what's
going on huh baby get that out there hey
oh hey hi maybe there's so much
concentration to sit there like that
Cora but seriously like I'm Kat like I
can't wait for the day like I love
entertaining her my only goal is to make
her smile and laugh and I can't wait
till the day she cracks a lot like
giggle you know anything like that baby
gig or they're just so happy and jolly
and goofy but for now it's just
concentration how do I stay up how do I
stamp on this pillow Cora ha do you see
yourself do you see yourself pinky Queen
you - Queen of the binky's Queen and
amis
OOP
get er Korra get her car oh yeah you're
good I love your smile baby
what's it flashy flashy I start calling
you squeakers you got a laugh guess what
guess what there's gonna be three months
old this month three months old
that's crazy girl it's time for the
Battle of the beanbags student intern
oh dude watch this then you ate my
finger okay four we are Oh
360 this is like the we're out the kids
for the rest of the night but core is a
sleep type mode where it's like you got
to be quiet but you want to be loud type
mode and we're up here trying to land on
the most soft quiet thing on the entire
house
beanbag love sight it's almost silent
listen right sound test sound test ready
here could even hear nothing ready you
have to be totally completely silent no
cell
all right I build a lot of leg ten out
of ten I built a lot of Legos in my days
I'm really proud of this guy I don't
know why I came focus on him but it's
velocerator donated it it is it I think
it's a loss or wrap no it's a blossom
reason yes let's see it that's your
house I mean I don't want to live there
but I like it I don't know give you a
tour so here's the microwave I love it
okay soon cook my kid perfect is the
magician I feel like you could build a
garage right here for velocerator hmm
crashes if there's a mouse all the way
open his mouth you just yank it open all
the way there you go that's full crash
face let's see what you guys see your
couch that's great where's this kitchen
table little offset kind of like we had
a couch huh table what is this Oh a bed
over at Cana and as his character was
head first I thought that was the bad
alright guys we are sorry we're working
into the night attic
what no she said guys thanks for hanging
out with us today we'd love you had a
great time with the kids we we just
played and it was awesome no games rock
today I didn't think it was gonna go
smooth but it was awesome they had a
great time thank you guys for watching
thanks for being a part of our daily
vlogs and we will see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
you
