hi everyone we are just on Madison
Avenue we've started shopping already
I'm going to be just got ahead we've
been to Abercrombie's and I lounge bit
and
and trainers well it's my mom for an
awkward first but New York this is
amazing I love it so much I even loved
it more than I did last time because
like it's a bit more familiar
so we've had our first day in New York
coming had such a nice day we just went
to a few shops and and then for dinner
we went to Ellen's
Stardust diner which was recommended by
quite a few of you on my video why are
cheaper suggestions and it was so
amazing
Oh
hey Freddie can drink in the u.s. 21
give a round of applause ready go go
crazy tonight oh yeah thank you to
everybody suggested to go that was so
amazing normal dining is never going to
be the same with it spoil forever
we've almost got a bottle of champagne
and it says happy 21st birthday we hope
you enjoy your stay so thank you Hotel
morning so it's our second day in New
York
I'm just stood outside our hotel and
then I like K'Ehleyr take a left
it's so funny way people give directions
right did you say yeah okay oh so it's
our second day in New York and it's by
90 morning at sun god it's so funny it's
such beautiful day and and today we're
going to ground zero and which Preston's
going to be quite sad had quite a sunny
day yesterday didn't we we care we are
there so many funny moments and we went
we're going into the public the New York
Public Library for my flight this man
came up to us and was like you're
beautiful and then he was thankful what
are you doing me like well we're just
going into the library and he was like
no my mom goes no I was like cringing
and then anyway later this guy with rims
home square we're trying to convince us
to go to his comedy club and he goes to
me come on you most like with these kids
so you like keep drinking and laughing I
was like not really because I don't
really drink so it was so funny the soul
she hates confidence like it's colorful
concentrating
but just the last things finding that so
cute and mr. Shue from Glee and in it I
think Gary Barlow this means it should
be really good currently it's like
really really good like to look up when
you wrote the comments my video we
should see as I'm so excited it starts
like now that was not doing this what's
his name
mr. Shu will not be on tonight in it
whoever's pursuing him and it's not the
reason I came to drive so just come back
to our hotel room because we've had a
very busy morning of shopping we had to
drop all our bags off yesterday we went
to ground zero which was really really
sad and I didn't film or take any
pictures because I really think it was
appropriate like I saw a few people with
no cameras oh and I just thought I don't
really think that's appropriate to like
be taking selfies next to a 9/11
memorial but each their own
yeah we saw Finding Neverland last night
on Broadway and it was so good it was
such a beautiful story and it's like the
choreography was just ridiculous in the
talent of the cars like they were so
good weren't they yeah they were amazing
and it was just such a magical show and
our apps that you loved it you eating
your talking
then we're just about go on the fly line
this is the High Line oh we're not going
on the High Line we're on their honor
oh I just showed you there so we're just
on the fly line it's not that high but
it is quite light and not really in line
stop really align warders DeRose no it's
I liked it like that - it's not
resourceful just in summary you can't
really give them have to be honest yeah
so we keep balancing like on the train
track can we be like the view you know
on the edge of stair it's nice to see
the city and like walk through it from
art and just cuz I mean there's not much
to see but it's just like taking all
that do you want to take longer I got
eight of us so I'm gonna be no paycheck
I have to the High Line and you taste
alone in an hour Scotland good for you
you know how it goes thank God yeah
I think man was much better than yes
watching me so it was it embarrassing
lovely
it's our last night in our hotel so
Starla going home tomorrow and we do
have an 11 o'clock p.m. flight though so
we literally do have all day just not
sleeping here sleeping on a plane and no
or not probably not facing on a plane I
have never been able to see complains
before the war we went to Mexico
this summer I just kept the hallway like
I woke up and we have an hour left just
like an 11 hour flight and I was like oh
my god no and I slept on the way here as
well I know a couple of hours though we
just saw um which I did we see danger
see now okay I love musicals obviously
you all know I love these calls and I
like you know I like all types of
musicals except that right it's to have
this one and it was really strange
because the whole audience that
literally loved it apart from us I think
I liked it there tap dancing was unreal
like to the point where it's like ash
even humor and that she was so good the
main girl but it's our last night we
want to get up nice and early to make
the most of the day so I'm gonna say
good night now
and oh it's a long day in New York
and this done has come up while I felt
my everyday
but it's such peaceful day at all we're
getting the plane back tonight but not
till 11 o'clock so we have all day we're
just going to go into Lord and Taylor to
the lovely departments we went yesterday
and pick up a few more bit and then
although I shouldn't because the case
isn't too heavy our case is already over
waiting in the door what the hell you
only live once
we're just in Lord and Taylor I got my
sisters and stuff around groan and my
mom came with nothing trainers she's got
the trainer bug they actually they only
because they serve cops
yeah they look orange on camera but
they're actually looks really nice like
neon corally pink they're really pretty
so I've just got my lovely H&M coat on
and this is a blouse from Primark and
it's really nice
I've got these river island jeans on and
my Nike trainers and obviously my trusty
Michael Kors my sunglasses are from gas
if anyone watches Gossip Girl I feel a
bit like Jenny and Damien transporting
drugs over the lake in a little bow
actually mine it really suits her we're
leaving him our taxi just been the case
in this star hotel by the way it was the
art hotel and it was lovely that we're
off the bed so something I'm so sad to
me i absolutely just loved it here I
love to even more than the first time
that that's even possible and I just
kind of wait
come back soon it's one of my favorite
place in the whole wide world
so here we go thank God okay here we go
thank you oh dear
