good morning guys good morning how you
doing
I'm currently updating my phone no
backing it up to my laptop walking
through town it's 25 to 9:00 in the
morning and I'm off to the Apple store
if they can hopefully fix my iPhone
screen today they did say that if I
wanted it fixed today is the best to
turn up at 9 o'clock and it's already
like 25 minutes past 9 so I wouldn't be
surprised when I get there and they say
you're too late ok I feel like we might
be in for some luck guys there's barely
anyone in town hey that's one of my
books I mean yesterday look how quiet it
is oh my gosh
did not realize how long that was going
to take oh my gosh I've had to give them
my passwords my phone which I don't want
to do so then they can access my emails
and everything all that update my phone
there and then which took like half an
hour to update so I've now got to wait
two hours for them to fix my phone you
see I never really have just time to
kill in town I haven't got anything to
possibly do
I've just got to wait like two hours for
my phone I was already my laptop one
hour whilst getting food I'm just
looking around like this is literally
when I was younger just come to town but
nothing to do a here we go nice right
I'm going to buy some of these I always
but look at I think I've reached I'm
going to buy five copies like new book
because I've gone hour left to kill then
walk around town I'm going to hike
around the base please
there we go so I've hit on one book so
far and then for the second one so come
on down there
tweet another picture this is so fun
I'll literally walk around like a little
trail out for you guys to to go and find
the book while Stan wait is my iPhone
screen to be fixed I'm instagramming and
tweeting the pictures of where the books
are as well and then what did you guys
like rather than go and get them King
place thus opponents have looked there
another sneaky one on the floor I'm
right in town though back to the Apple
store hopefully it'll all be fixed we've
officially got my phone back I just met
a girl from Norway who was super excited
to see me and she has found one of the
books I had already hidden out in the
streets this last ones a hard one I've
come down a random little Street and
hidden it there
we have some big news some pretty big
news guys the house Internet is done
it's installed it doesn't reach the
office
not yet that's we're still working on
that happening but we do have amazing
Internet of the house so I'm going to
try and upload so I've got 14 minutes
until my blog needs to be up to date so
today we're proper testing yeah guys I
feel like our reactions like how about
you hold your camera okay here we go I'm
about to film my reaction to me
uploading a video on the new internet
have been very first time I honestly
don't think I've ever used internet with
this class before in my life if you want
to know what it is hundred thirty make
up 130 make down oh no that can't be
right wenting am I on your honored high
what no it's same 14 minutes that can't
be right I thought it was literally
gonna be like two minute not in less
than a minute what's happening 32
minutes that's not my job gonna be late
that's not normal how do you like
restarted your computer or anything I
thought this was going to be like an
unbelievable reaction guys our Internet
has just been installed today now
something hundreds are donating and now
nothing's loading they must they must be
doing something I've got 11 minutes to
my vlog needs to go up
let's not no it's not working out for 5
minutes
no that can't be right I feel like you
need to restart your computer and try
again
I'm so confused for it's going on he did
say they were still still sore enough if
it is there it is quick quick quick
quick
40 seconds 38 seconds look at the upload
57 58 59 60 61 62 that is yeah that's
the reaction wait I haven't even written
a title hold a sec uh there's less than
a minute to upload a video are you
kidding quick I haven't even got I
haven't even done my description or
ahead 90 80 88 89 90 91 percent ninety
percent ninety three percentage bulbs
and five cents I've never known
mike is my J and Naja 9e done hey let me
help you by internet like done less than
a minute up low for a minute at 45
minutes ya know what I'm trying to work
itself out I think it's because I needed
to disconnect and connect again LC
that's at less than a minute to upload
that looks nothing to expect videos on
time ever yeah I thought internet so
heat loan videos ever late not awful
oh my gosh okay that takes longer for it
to process than it does to upload yeah
that's all three minutes to process now
it's going to be five minutes early
it's going five minutes early and we
only started uploading when I had 12
minutes to upload I guess I happen you
can now download films on Sky to watch Q
1 because we couldn't download anything
we can ya know whenever we tried to like
watch TV no deliberation the ego stuff
like that the buffering on Netflix was
insane heading back over to the office
I'm not turning back into five million
Snickers a day days but I am having a
Snickers ice cream to celebrate the new
internet I mean I've got to give myself
some kind of reason some kind of excuse
to have a Snickers ice cream and not
feel guilty so I'll just tell myself
it's to celebrate the new Internet it's
quarter to six and the sky looks too
lovely to not get a cheeky little time
lapse looks absolutely insane let me
move here all right you ready three two
one
ah
so we've just come out to Tesco got some
food shopping and I've realized that
I've never put my dungarees up I wanna
traffic my donger is I have never put it
up I'll give you a map is linking see I
didn't realize something
Oh warriors out coffee yeah dungarees
you've copied me and now you guys are
wearing them you've caught the dungaree
trend oh my god things it not but
anytime that those the good for them
happy enough if I know so it's going to
come up in a minute
hey can I get a picture and I'm going to
be like this it doesn't like it's not
your mom it is tucked up above is
proving tight on my book oh okay
honestly you stop paper come my god I
really
I'll be store you're not eight years old
anymore when we were younger would walk
could get mom to take us to do it she's
a market and it being key holiday Jesus
yes speaking or either Galloway life
your his lying often being zero yeah he
used to rollerblade around no she's sick
the only thing I remember was mum being
younger like is reached and just got
okay not the only thing but we used to
go up to the counter be like I've lost
my mum can you call her and then we've
been absolutely like missus dey's missus
your children revolution thing you've
ever done placed in my story of you
because I found your film is my book
here is it here yeah there's only like
two on the cell and then Stella now well
let's just hope that they didn't buy to
it that hope that
let's hope they had four hundred and
then sold all of the rest trust me we
don't have that oh I would know if we
had this guy's my favorite ice cream in
the entire world
Magnum double caramel what you wanna do
Connors haven't paid for them
oh my god poppy poppy even Bobby she's
open the grist to eat them she hasn't
paid for them yet
oh my gosh I'm gonna go security put
this on there she won't eat the she's
too scared and I think I'm like that you
guys don't you are a I'm going to keep
the fat in paper don't you I lied we
will paper women leave in the toilet
don't worry Sean and I looking at the
djinns always tempting to get a new gen
that I haven't got and I think this
might be the one we get today and I
can't never tried enough to like it the
thing that I like about it is that the
bottle is Matt and I do judge my gin on
the bottle on a muscle yeah social and
let's look at this one yeah I like the
hint of orange and Jun in there if you
remember in yesterday's video when I was
in McDonald's one of the guys who was
working there says that his sister's
massive fan bumped into randomly this is
Holly their friends you guys get awesome
was nice to meet you guys gone you got
that Shawn it's the leader swing
backliner
boy yeah okay desk if you need us matzo
for your drawstring swing Bing liner I'm
not their eyes lost that don't while got
on the vlog still get that why Tesco
that's Gopi if you want to use that as
let your advil on TV just take my clip
from over you don't have to pay me just
take the hit from the wrong theater
just checking you pay for those package
of crisps let me see
was there a packet that was already
eaten you know how he did scan it
perfect Scott they're hungry whilst
walking around sounds good
I just realized I've got I've got loads
of change in my pocket Diabetes UK
British Heart Foundation perfect stolen
Poppy's phone and she doesn't even know
yeah of course thought you left that on
the side in there are you so low I can't
be I really like also horrible brother
my I've shat myself even II hear what he
say that Friday night fighting my
failure I'll put this back guys it's
going to properly go into another
trolley yeah if I don't hit that guy you
ready oh no oh no oh no oh God oh dammit
this smells incredible oh yeah that
smells really great that smells like
this could be my favorite Jim are you
good on 60 frames a second
Shaun said this to me that you start up
up in the frame rate to all your vlog
you can't tell the difference but I am I
can't tell the difference guys between
shorter WR single shot I don't double
and I can counter difference between
frame rates when I watch videos - and
you never see I can't at all tell the
difference in 30 30 and 60 frames a
second I can it's like fluid it's like
we're actually like moving yeah my eyes
cartographer not at all
get serious predator sleeps down time
for the test
it smells incredible I feel like super
slime on air right well I'm I'm too
excited now I can't wait for life
wow wow is really smooth
so smooth so it is swallow I their next
master paternal no I don't I don't do
any Jin testin try this sorry you don't
like it well don't try here are you
packing I use the drink
so easy to swallow you're taking a man
no that's lovely a pretty nice do you
actually like that now you done so you
would rent you a dream that yeah this is
a double as well remember you know me I
can literally dream that all night I'm
not going to don't worry this marks that
need not they've already had yours Missy
then look at me like that I didn't know
you know what you are what that's like
why turn around there what CH know what
do you think for this late score 211 I
just got into bed we're watching love
island which I haven't actually watched
in a couple of days and I've got to get
really good night's sleep because
tomorrow I've got a massive event in
London that's like 1200 of you or
something I bought tickets to come and
see me in London it's not a book signing
it's like an amazing theatre you guys
all come in everyone gets a signed copy
of the book there's PB merchandise for
sale I've got my friend Emma Gannon
coming along and she's kind of like
interviewing me / we're having a chat on
the stage and then you guys will refer
to the audience of a Q&A hey it's going
to be really fun you'll see in the vlog
but I'm gonna in this video thank you so
much for watching if you enjoyed it give
it a thumbs up subscribe currently right
now for me we are less than nine
thousand away from 4 million so if
you're not already subscribed please go
down below subscribe 10 my notifications
on we're nearly it for them in 4 million
4 million attention morning guys
