hi guys I started the blog already and
then I was like I really like that clip
I'm gonna redo I'm poor trees like yeah
you kind of rambled on and I was like
babe that's rude don't say that then
he's like no it's what you say
constructive critique in struct of
criticism but you said a different word
what was it I combined the two
he was like constructive I don't know
but it was funny and then yesterday we
were talking about something and you
meant to say like dramatic change
what did you say instead Dramastic
you're just not cute because you make up
words anyways we're in the car right now
I'm going to pick up my sister welcome
to today's vlog guys we're up in Salt
Lake for the week my mom is getting
another surgery she's doing a mommy
makeover which means boob job and a
tummy tuck she did the boob job back in
April I talked about it and so I clogged
about it I will link that blog down
below I like that vlog I feel like it
was cute we just likes and talk and it's
a good memory but yeah usually I think
usually people do the two surgeries
together but basically we were gonna go
on this like trip and then it didn't
happen so she had like changed her
surgery schedule around the trip and
then the company we were gonna work with
was just like really annoying and it
didn't happen till she had already like
separated the two surgeries so she did
that back in April and announced
is it October 1st no oh it's only the
29th of September yeah so she just
decided to separate those we're up here
for the week just to help her out with
like anything she needs help with taking
kids places picking up kids from school
fuck her picked up tab earlier yes tab
always loves it when we come up well he
loves when Parker comes up to visit
because Parker's cute plays basketball
with him my grandma is also staying up
here so basically we are just helping my
mom out with whatever stuff she needs us
to do cooking cleaning kids all that
stuff so we're gonna be a hair picking a
baby then we're headed to went to the
store to Walgreens yeah we wanted to
look at that as seen on tv products
there we heard there was a good section
to shop from there yeah and we're also
today we've been filming that scene on
TV videos part two
yeah so we're doing one on my channel
and one on Parker's channel so I filmed
all of mine I just barely got done
filming pretty much I have like a couple
more shots today but I have to do them
tomorrow
Parker has some products but he doesn't
really like love the ones he has just
because he thinks ooh they're not that
exciting so we're gonna see what else we
can find at Walgreens
I'm also awake excited to show you guys
my outfit of the day because I just got
these jeans and they're so freaking cute
I'm like obsessed with them and they're
from looking Gray's I'm gonna link it
down below but when we get back to the
house we'll show you a real outfit isn't
it hey sister all these kids look so
little I know I think that too it's not
like remember when you're one of them no
like I remember when you were in high
school music oh my god
everyone looks so old and now I'm like
and I'm like wow everyone looks like
they're like 12 that's how I felt too
though like I remember being a little
kid going and watching like like high
school or here and being happily cal
that guy is massive but they're not met
two guys now some of them they're like I
looked up to in sports and it's like
they're just regular size because
they're older true it all makes sense
that is some knowledge there's some
wisdom right there
we're gonna start doing that we'll do a
comment of the day and a wisdom of the
day here's the question of the day
comment of the day what was your
favorite year of school like from
kindergarten to however old you are or
college or whatever like what was your
favorite year I'm gonna say mine was
junior year every year of high school
was the same like they were all equal in
hardness to me like academic wise who
cares about academics junior year and
that's when I got like a solid group of
friends like sophomore year I had no
friends in the senior year my when I was
a junior my friends were seniors so that
senior year and they were like gone so I
feel like junior year was my favorite
even though my mom would see this would
be like you know my junior year because
it was a really hard to hear cheer for
me full of years you know I can't pick a
favorite why yeah fucker can't pick a
favorite anything I'm like what's your
favorite color he's like oh well I had a
blast every year even in my elementary
school I always had fun dude I always
what's been yours so far I don't know
cuz I'm like just entering high school
and I feel like everyone is like oh high
school is the best so like high school
is the better no definitely not freshman
year but I don't think anyone likes
freshman year I don't even remember
elementary school how can you know I
know like I remember like how far back
can you remember I feel like I can't
really remember before like fourth grade
yeah I was yesterday like of course I
can remember like memories from my life
or whatever but like school and stuff I
can't really remember before fourth
grade like I remember my teacher and my
friends and whatever but before fourth
grade I'm like what I don't know happen
to my life fourth grade is the high
like the smallest year that I like can
remember a lot I like what it was like
to be a fourth grade because this whole
thing is gonna get cut out yeah but like
I was thinking yesterday I do not
remember you before high school like I
feel like when you were in middle school
I like have no memory of you you look
extra cute today
yeah I'm not wearing makeup and I didn't
do my hair it looks good though way
cuter than you do yesterday
wait you didn't even laugh at my joke I
said you look way cuter than you did
yesterday oh it's a joke so I was
telling you that Parker hates when we
Yap because he has to edit I have to add
it all to all that this whole
conversation again and then probably a
couple more times as I'm like going back
saying okay why should I bother him all
right
relief wrap that's not a good one okay
so we didn't find any as seen on TV
stuffed burgers probably gonna order
some on Amazon we found some but it
wasn't what Parker wanted but we went to
Smiths and des we found some but Parker
didn't like it anyways we went to Smith
and we found these I think they're vegan
it says they're dairy-free where does it
say that though I don't know they are a
little ice cream bite so I'm gonna taste
it two thumbs up crunchy version what's
that No okay we're back home so here is
my OOTD
I literally put this on and so I was
like running out the door so I haven't
had looked in a mirror so I was hoping
it was cute and I think it is I really
liked it so I just got these jeans - sue
just got these they're from Luca and
gray they're so cute I love how they're
cropped and I'm 5'4 and they're still
crapped on me so if you're even taller
these will like look way cute on you but
I love how they're super distress
they're so freakin cute and like
obsessed with these I love them and then
I think we're sold out of these shoes
but we're restocking these ones are
actually my mom's so they're a little
bit too small for me but I have been
wearing these with seriously like every
single outfit
maybe we'll have them in stock by the
time this video goes up but if not you
guys should turn on like our Instagram
modifications because we will post when
we restock them and they're the best I
also have on this cute sweater I love it
it's kind of like Grandma but cute
grandma just with like the floral and
stuff I love it I think it's so cute and
I love the little like
just embroidered it's super comfy
especially now that it's like pretty
much fall then I have crazy hair because
I was filming testing all those hair
product thingies but anyways this is my
outfit of the day also I think this was
like a couple months ago but I did a
little like secret like a code for you
guys at the vlog fam I think it was the
code secret 15 for 15% off so I will put
that in the description box for you guys
and make sure that code is set up when
this video goes up and you guys can get
15% off your entire order which is
pretty good because I don't think we're
really planning on doing any more sales
until Black Friday we might be doing a
denim sale soon so sign up for our email
list because I think these are gonna be
on sale super soon so make sure you guys
take advantage of that sign up for our
email list so you know when it's
happening and follow us on Instagram and
you guys can use secret 15 for 15% off
yeah only for the vlog fam now I have
got to clean up my mess I don't want my
mom to come home to this mess that I
made in her house guys my grandma
brought us this really cool toy do you
know what this cut is called grandma
15 piece 15 piece puzzle that doesn't
sound like an official name is that what
it's really called oh that's what it's
actually called by for wouldn't it be 16
oh well there's no space oh yeah but you
just like slide these tiles around and
you have to do like one two three four
five six some ba-ba-ba-ba-ba or I think
you can do it backwards or something I
don't know cab knows a lot about it but
wait is this an old toy or you just got
this yeah it's so cool I did it on my
first try apparently tab has been
reading all about it and he's been like
hooking up the world record and all this
stuff and I think his fastest is three
minutes and 20 seconds or something so
I'm gonna beat his record for sure
I'm gonna challenge him to a battle I
did it I think so we found the rule book
grandma gave us the rules I'm gonna try
and do backwards from 15 to one okay
that's what she's starting with I'm
gonna set a timer for you okay seven
minutes later I couldn't do it in
Reverse
so I did Aspen's challenge how does it
feel to stop how many many thank you
probably less than seven I just did this
one way and it only took me like 20
minutes
this game is really fun I don't know if
they still make this I'll try to find a
link I'm sure they have it on Amazon but
it's so fun there's literally it's us
ah we're looking at all pictures yes
waiting for mom to get back they have so
many different books or things he says
it would take more than 2 million years
to solve all the problems you guys want
to see my name is a this is from like
yesterday hey it's blurry if you guys
would have know what Aspen is really
like me dance battling doing jobs
that's not how the dance goes Oh
buggy he was so little
still waiting for mom testing out this
mac and cheese it actually tastes so
real vegan mac and cheese and I
seriously think if you didn't tell me
was vegan I might not have known it was
vegan
really good so help thank you mom how do
you feel tired and sore okay good is it
better or worse than you thought both
know it's each year and depends on the
day this is day three and I feel like
day three it's always the worst day
three he's been the worst so far but
it's not too terrible tired yeah I
didn't even explain in this vlog I kept
saying like we're waiting for Mom
we're waiting for Mom but I didn't like
say she was in surgery that day so she
was in surgery been three days now so we
filmed that on like Friday and then
today's Monday so I just wanted to wait
to film the ending clip just cuz when
she got home she was all crazy she asked
me what I did today three times you'd be
like quiet for a minute like what did
you do today
did he cry again so what did you do
today but she's on demand and the dad's
gonna be all for this vlog I hope you
guys enjoyed it's like our fifth daily
upload in a row but I think this week
we're going back to Monday Wednesday
Friday so hope you guys enjoyed that
make sure to thumbs up and subscribe and
we'll see you guys in our nice long
spine
