hey morning this is actually my very
first time of vlogging on Oxford Street
and I'm getting all the way looks right
now so just gonna roll with it I'm
holding my camera by my phone so I hope
people think I'm facetiming or something
but I'm not on Oxford Street at the
moment it's about 10 o'clock in the
morning and I'm meeting the lovely Tony
from Bobby Brown now I've got an eyebrow
appointment so obviously I had my brows
tinted and waxed yesterday at benefit
but Bobby Brown has launched a new range
of makeup for the eyebrows so I'm going
to go and have a chat with him about
that
and then I'm basically just got a full
day of meetings ahead so should we go
have fun and busy day but normally when
I have a day of meetings I'm really bad
at vlogging I always feel too awkward
blocking during meetings so what I'm
probably gonna do I'm probably gonna do
it is do two days vlog in one so you'll
get today and tomorrow in this blog and
also because I'm filming or I'm putting
live my South Africa lookbook yesterday
on Wednesday is going to be myself the
lookbook so yeah two days vlog in one so
almost at Selfridges now so let's go and
check out the new Bobby Brown Frank
collection
show you this step very wise
about that Mara welcome to my cameras
my
I've had one brow done and one brow I'm
gonna do myself
look at the difference
and then that 15 pounds is a deal rule
against products so it's basically free
products and it's not just a case of
coming in trying to products they really
teach you how to do it so I'm so excited
to try this no concealer on me it's got
perfect shape so there's me saying I've
got rubbish brows but they are so many
pretty chucked in my brows I'm putting
up stairs now with me
with another lady and then another
meeting of that so I will blog as much
as
okay so we are now two meetings down and
both meetings the girls complimented me
on my eyebrows which has never happened
to me in my entire life so bobby brown
eyebrow consultation is definitely the
one I'm just kind of hanging out outside
yes they lured offices now because my
friend Vicky works there and she's not
replying to my texts around in French
Connection so annoying
they literally love that shop so much
but when I purchase a top from Oxford
Street store didn't have any and this
woman I've literally been arguing with
her for 45 minutes that I should be able
to return X I brought it in that
condition so annoying when things like
that happen it really puts you off the
shop but I'm not French Connection and
I'm so excited to see my
video on Sunday because I brought so
many nice things but now I'm ready make
my meeting and I asked her to change
where it was I went to a meeting in
Selfridges but because it was sunny
earlier I said can we meet on the John
Lewis rooftop so that's where I'm headed
now 150 minutes late I hate being late
so much so it's a few hours later now
and I'm back home
I've got changed into my comfy clothes
got my tracksuit bottoms on and I don't
know what it is but whenever I spend a
full day in London my face always feels
like really dirty at the end of the day
so I'm gonna have a bit of a pump
session I'm gonna use some little bits
and bobs that I got from my meetings
today so first thing I'm going to use is
this face scrub and it's a brand called
voya
which I hadn't actually heard of before
but but this one has got seaweed as the
main ingredient which is really good for
skin cells replenishing and it is a
facial scrub so that should be really
good at getting rid of all Gorrell that
is in my skin from a day in the polluted
city in the same meeting I got a little
travel sized bottle of the dr. Bronner's
I was called yeah dr. Bronner's magic
soap which apparently is really good for
cleaning makeup brushes so well I've got
a face mask on I'm going to clean my
makeup brushes and then I'm going to get
into the bath and I'm going to use these
bath salts I know this is the scrub so
this is from a brand called West lab and
me and Charlie already use their apps on
bath salts because they're really good
for like muscle ache but this body scrub
is 98 pounds so I'm going to be putting
it to the test
and to be honest I can't imagine that a
body scrub can be worth 98 pounds but we
shall see it's meant to be detoxing so
maybe I'll come out looking like a
Victoria's Secret model here's hoping
ooh and I nearly forgot to tell you a
very exciting and delivery today finally
I have my new camera
I ordered a Canon 6d and these Sigma
35mm lens so I'm just so excited to
start playing around with this the
battery is currently charging as soon
it's charged or probably in the morning
when the lighting is bad it's dark
outside now I'm going to have a play
with my new toy so the first thing I'm
going to do is take off most of my
makeup using a no interpreter this is me
she's my seller three in one so this is
the face scrub from Roya
it's called their love a scrub is to
just apply it like a normal stroke so
I'm just gonna put it on one to two
pumps massage thoroughly for one minutes
and then rinse up okay so I've been
scrubbing that on for about a minute
they've got quite nice small beads in it
which is nice because it feels like
doing a real good scrub but it's not too
harsh on the skin and now I'm just gonna
get a face cloth and rinse it off
so now I'm going to do a thief mask I'm
using the origins mask you miser this is
like a master primer so you spray on
your face and a Musial face to be able
to more easily absorb the brigade's from
your face mask but it makes your face
mask
what better I don't really know if it
works but I use it anyway mud
exfoliating mask I haven't used this in
ages and I used to really love it oh
maybe not it's all dried out okay I'm
gonna go find another mask okay take two
going to use the Amora vixa ultra more
than mud masks and this is such a
favorite mask really really good if you
have any bad skin areas I don't really
at the moment my skin is okay but I do
need a good clean so I'm gonna put some
in the salt
so this is a really super thick mud
so I'm looking suitably staring at my
face masks on and this is one of those
amazing ones you can actually feel it
working so my face is tingling a little
bit now movies is on for about 15
minutes and in the meantime I'm gonna go
and do some tidying up in my bedroom
there's a little bit of appetizer
actually last time I used this and
didn't tingle quite so much so maybe the
origins has actually made it work or
maybe it's kind of activated the
ingredients the room is tidy and I'm
finally just relaxing my face mask is
nearly dry so I'll go in the shower in a
couple of minutes so I've just realized
I've made a massive faux pas
I've left my white roll neck top on
which I need to get off with my face
mask so that's gonna be interesting
I'm just snuggling in bed now with my
favorite little boy and Parks and
Recreation on the iPad Charlie's just
was washing his face mask off in the
shower so yeah I think I will end
today's part of the vlog now and see you
guys in the morning
for this vlog part 2
good morning so it is bright and early
on Wednesday morning and I'm currently
in a nice fridge I am rushing towards
Paris I've already 10 minutes late
there is a bloody ISM event we like a
bit of a rebel inherence before the
shops even opened nobody in here I just
go and try on theirs above aunty no
Chanel or just live my childhood dream
and play in the toy Kingdom for few
hours
now time for breakfast look at this
beautiful table set
valerian scramble they
oh shit
how do you today
Sabrina and we're heading into town to
go to the Monica at the sample sale
which last year was really good actually
think I went two years ago yeah I didn't
go last year but I where Monica made
them all the time as you guys know so
I'm excited to pick up some new bargains
little goodie bag from the Charlotte
Olympia event with a gym talk some gym
trainers nice little tote bag and a
clean and lean book so that was going to
be some nice holiday it's not visit
recipe
good so don't flick through that
all the way around here all the way up
to the top of the hill okay we are
inside the building each other
so we're just comparing what we thought
Sabrina found the bracelet that says
Sabina on it and I've got one that says
the unicorn carat they're only ten
pounds when they're engraved instead of
just to come out of these sample sale
it's so scary how quickly things add up
everything was around like 30 pound 40
pounds and sub standing like an orange
acquitted so feeling a little bit
naughty but I have got notice oh yeah
money well spent and I could easily have
spent just one thing in store so good
back here I'd say those are pretty well
organized so you know yeah we only queue
for like 25 minutes really yeah yeah
hardly any queue at the till
if you ever go to sample cells let me
take cash because there was no queue for
cash but there was like a 20-minute
queue for card so oh and definitely
always arrive early because we arrived
about foot but when it was meant to
start and we still had to Kim that was
good fun I'm now heading to the river
island style studio and I'm gonna pick
out cupids and bobs for Lanzarote which
is tomorrow so yeah that's good shipping
based on in the stylus studio I've got
all my bits and bobs that I've just
grabbed from the shop floor along here
so I've picked up this lovely blue and
white I'm always thinking like a beach
dress it's got a nice would you call
this kind of straw woven belts which is
very 70s boho style then I picked up
this lace blouse which I think again I
look really nice over a bikini a nice
weight to cover up then behind here
we've got a crocheted top I just loved
crochet tops and I think that looks so
nice with high-waisted trousers and this
is actually a couple sizes too big for
me but I'm gonna try it on just to see
the style is very Mazzoni inspired kind
of Tommy Hilfiger 2016 summer collection
style as is this actually this again is
a little bit too big for me a couple
sizes too big but I thought I would try
it on and then maybe the girls can find
me the right size also got a bikini
really like revile in bikinis it's not
too wide on the bum so you still get a
bit of a tan and the top is just a kind
of white lacy detail then I grabbed a
couple of bags I've got this one here
this one's quite pricy actually this
one's 60 pounds but I thought it was
really pretty very again close Chloe
boho style and this one as well I think
I prefer this one though and I probably
won't get to so we shall see tried on my
first dress absolutely loved this one it
definitely looks like a Mazzoni print
this is a couple sizes too big for me
which means it's on the floor I think
maybe if I'd have got my size it
probably would be maybe swinging around
the ankles but I do quite like it as a
maxi dress although I've definitely put
it on wrong because I think this is a
lining but I might just cut the lining
out because I think I'm gonna wear this
on holiday and I might get a little bit
hot if I have a lining on as well here
is the next one this would definitely
have to be worn over a bikini because
it's very very high on thighs either
that and we'd like a pair of denim
shorts or something but I really really
like this it's gonna be so nice for on
the beach and just exploring new
tropical towns that kind of thing here
is the
proper top it's very cropped so I feel
like I look like a bit of a belly dancer
when I'm wearing this but I think with
some high-waisted trousers this would
look really cute and then we have the
lace blouse this is the kind of thing I
wear all the time on a holiday on the
beach over a bikini and also doesn't
look too bad
just with jeans as well.if I definitely
need to wear a vest top because you can
see my brow quite clearly and last thing
that I'm trying is this coat and
immediately I have fallen in love with
this it's so me absolutely love the
shape of it the color it's got quite
high slits as well so it's nice and airy
around that but absolutely love that
high waist love the sleeves
love everything about this coat so this
is definitely going in my to buy pile
and lastly I've just tried on this
sandal a common world for both of them
on and absolutely love these as well
I've been looking for something like
this quite a long time and these are
really good value I think they're only
about 50 pounds 40 pounds for these
sandals so good
just got home and you can probably hear
like a stirring noise outside because
the guys are just finishing off our lawn
it looks amazing it's quite bright a
little bit unnatural but apparently
it'll kind of like soften and tone em so
it looks so good I will show you in a
second so the last time I spoke to you
was before I went through island or in
River Island I got loads of one at loads
I got a few really nice goodies from
River Island which I will just quickly
actually I won't show you because you
just saw them a minute ago you'll see
them in my land Zarate vlogs because
I'll be wearing them and then I went to
the boat impress day which was so much
fun they had loads of really beautiful
colorful things for autumn/winter
collection and they had corn flake
flavoured milk shakes which were amazing
so that was super fun now I'm back home
I came home via Dajjal I'm out of breath
because I just carried about seven bags
home so I'm gonna have a little unpack
of some vlogger mail and I will show you
the highlights and I'm also going to
play with my new camera
I'm gonna take some ill photos and I
will show you how they come out let's go
and see the new lawn
thank you lightly much for the first
where he suggested malaria what do you
think your new lawn Dexter yeah yeah
really
so this is our new dawn it looks very
realistic even got like little dried
bits in it as well lovely gosh it looks
so good it's it's so warm it literally
feels like tropical sponge Charlie's
already landscaping yeah we should get a
few actually I was thinking what we'll
do you know I was looking online I'll
show you here look at this kind of
bamboo bamboo so you know the bamboo
that's like this is shit back here's a
close-up of our new grass so as you can
see it's got almost like brownie bits in
it which makes it look so real it's
actually multi little bit the moment I
think that was starting the show now and
we've even got a spare roll it's quite a
big roll see your mum loved this place
there that one man me yeah right in the
corner there what do you mean that can't
be touching other things so
oh I see yeah that's true yeah all right
I've done some serious unboxing I
actually did a bit of a snapshot haul
snapchat unboxing so if you want to see
my proper unboxings and always follow my
snapchat because I thought that goes
from here on the bed because that's why
I tend to do it but I did leave
everything else I could quickly show you
guys as well firstly a quick mention of
what I got in the Monaco van at a sample
sale I have packed some of it away and I
bought a new cluster of bracelets so
these are normally over 100 pounds each
but the maximum Dexter maximum I spent
was about 35 pounds so I got well you
can see there there's the one really how
to describe them so the top one is like
a white bar on a rose gold chain the
next one is like a labradorite kind of
gem again on a rose gold chain which
matches a necklace that I've got and
then the bottom one is one of their
classic friendship bracelets which was
engraved it says the unicorn carrot on
it God knows why anyone would get that
engraved but yeah it was 10 pounds
because it was engraved so really good
value I also picked up a load of new
rings you guys know I wear Monaco
vanator rings every single day I've been
wearing these too for like over a year
so now I have some new rings and I also
bought some earrings and some bracelets
to give to my mum and my friends so I
will really quickly whizz over the
highlights of the bits that I was sent
today first of all the new Bobby Brown
brow collection you guys saw earlier in
this vlog I got my brows done there so
they've sent me the products that they
used on me so I can recreate it at home
as well as their new eyeshadow palettes
which are absolutely stunning then we
have a new range from red consol about
volume whether you want like feature
waves or really smooth volumes that's a
new line from red can American Eagle
sent me some inflatable beverage boats
for like I don't know hot tubs or
swimming pools as well as a pair of
lovely ripped jeans I absolutely love
American Eagle jeans so that's amazing
and also they sent me cover the tops but
where I put them oh yeah they're here
ready she packed
so it got a lovely white lace top and
also more of a boho kind of style
they're ready to go in my packing box
for Lanzarote I got the look fantastic
beauty box which I've opened up it had a
wet and dry hair brush in it
Allen magazine comes with l every month
also it came with a little Vichy
moisturizer a Rennes sample a red chem
sample a sample and also these little
sachets of moisturizer from a brand
called hyoma what were you doing down
there what have you got he's been
showing the box what have you got I was
also sent some bikinis by simply beach
including including this Melissa Oda
bash one which I remember is so
beautiful on the website so I'm gonna
try that on now and also this one from a
brand called water cult and I think this
one is sea folly yeah see folly one so
I'm going to give those a try in a
second and mumu also sent me their
latest fragrance launch as well as a
very handy holiday sized mini and they
also really cutely put in like a perfume
bottle with some lily of the valley in
it which is really beautiful and lily of
the valley is the main ingredient but
also a symbol of luck and happiness I
think that's a really nice little stand
out so they're the highlights of the
bits that I was sent
I said sent today but this is about four
days worth of bits and bobs I just went
down to dawdle today I'm now going to
tidy this up crack on with some emails
and then I'm probably going to go out
later to an EOS lip-balm texture
launch but it depends if I get enough
packing done so I'm gonna be productive
and I will see you guys over later what
you got there darling it is pasta
chicken mashed carrots testa that's much
carrots yeah oh my gosh that looks very
good did you get a good Instagram photo
oh good it is
it's a few hours later now and I am so
lucky in energy today I have pretty much
packs I just need to like really think
about those last few things and then I'm
done I've done load of emails I would
have liked to have got a blog post
written as well but I just haven't had
time I also would have liked to have
done some photography but I just haven't
had time everything takes so much longer
than you think Charlie's just made a
really nice dinner which I just quickly
showed you
he got sent this thing someone contacted
him on Instagram I think it's a con but
I'll get him to tell you the name of the
company because they basically send you
all the ingredients for these meals and
you cook in my home and they're really
healthy so that sounds and looks and
smells really good but I needed some
carbs so I was like we need to have some
pasture in there as well so we're gonna
have dinner now and then we're just
gonna have a normal evening watch Parks
and Recreation watch some scandal and
then go to bed and then I'm up right in
early tomorrow morning to go to the
airport because I'm going to Lanzarote
with Thomas cook on a blubber trip so
that it should be really good fun I
think I'm gonna film like come fly with
me kind of video like how I do my makeup
my outfit and all that jazz I have a
feeling this is going to have been a
super duper long vlog so if you made it
to the end then you deserve a massive
high-five so leave a comment with high
five in there somewhere if you made it
to the end of this vlog because I bet
not many people do and you are in a
minority so thank you for watching I'm
gonna end it here in case I didn't say
that already because the rest of the
season is gonna be quite boring I need
to edit this so yeah I'm gonna end the
vlog now and I will see you guys in two
morons one which should be a really good
fun one goodnight bye did you want to go
for a wee on your noon or Oh mommy nope
I'm just seeing if there's a fox here
mmm I'm just staying everywhere apart
from the new lawn
this is Dexter's first we on his new
lawn
he never boy give a sausage jug
