today we are doing something so exciting
which we wanted to film for you today we
are heading to the X Factor contestants
house and we've teamed up a very play to
give the contestants very small packages
which include clothing accessories all
available on the very website and we're
gonna deliver them ourselves
to the X Factor house we got up quite
early this morning did our hair I
actually called my hair this morning for
a lot of it has dropped out also did our
makeup as well I went for this like rose
gold kind of eye and a nude lip and also
a real ice shimmer for my cheek and I
went for a really nice light shimmer
across my eyelid with a really nice warm
shade through my crease and I'm also
wearing liner because I've seen a lot of
the contestants this year like a little
bit of winged liner so I just want to
show you guys a quick an outfit of the
day this came through very it's very
good really really nice and it's growing
moon as well as you guys know I do love
capes and then talking on on accessories
this is my bag I love this bag it goes
okay
yeah I also got my dress on the very
website as well but this is actually 808
dress so you get so many other brands of
berry which is free and my shoes are
from shoe box that's one outfit so I
wanted to show you guys my outfit that
I'm wearing as well which is also or
from very dark red we came and very also
delivers a free next day delivery
service where you don't have to actually
stay at home work your order you can
actually get it to live it to a local
store which i think is amazing because I
hate raising em for deliveries and I do
order a lot of stuff online I'm wearing
at this waistcoat faux fur jacket and I
wanted one of these for ages and the
dress I'm wearing is from warehouse was
really pretty embroidered detail on
there as well so we are now on the way
to the X Factor house Lydia's just such
another major
you need a rise at The X Factor house
these houses are amazing around here
Suzy X actor house this house is amazing
it's like three stories exactly how you
imagined that X Factor has to be as soon
as we drove our car like I think that's
the one X Factor house has its own mat
that is amazing is the X Factor this
goes down into like a secret garage this
spot here
the car will go into a secret garage
just like something from like a spy film
I've never seen anything like that in my
life I kind of wanna move in I did
pretty hastily think maybe they might
let me move in so we've got a very
strong accent the consistent and these
are kind of like a housewarming gifts on
a 12 okay sure money ball I can imagine
there's a lot of shoes in here and then
you've got make some noise as well which
I reckon is quite noisy also helping us
film today say hi Rob they all have bunk
beds which I think it's like a sleepover
everyone is really not for them if they
have a lot of person like sleepover
every night what room not unlike this
one
it's bright top but you've got an
amazing view also you could take really
good selfies this thing sells like epic
my thing their selfies in the x-factor
house we need to be up here let me go
want me to be in they go by maybe alien
would want me there's like three kettles
God be constantly eatin if I live to you
I'd love a kitchen like there
we are now wading into the garden and
it's such a nice day sir did we pick the
perfect days come to the x-factor house
ready for Christmas
you know
why don't you throw it on when you're
feeling a little nasty and he acted like
this video make sure to give it a
massive thumbs up and we hope you guys
enjoyed how you sneak peek into the
extract houses of people see you guys in
our next video finish Selena Gomez
makeup and hair obviously this is a very
different look for me I'd never wear my
hair like this and I never wear my
makeup like this but I really like you
if you do recreate this look then make
sure to send it to us on Twitter or
anything strong because I'd love to see
your city in game as books as well and
also
