hi there everybody Spencer and Alex here
welcome back to another video and today
we are bringing you a brand new series
now we're not sure how often we're gonna
do it because as you'll see we have to
go out and depending on time frames
we'll see how many we can do but we'd
like to announce the name of our new
series yes I would hello there the name
of the new series is alphabet dating now
what it means is we're gonna eventually
over appear at I'm going 26 different
dates and each day it wasn't between
date each date will be a letter
essentially will be an ABCD all the way
to Zed and let let a something to do
what we do if that makes sense in for
instance for K we could go kayaking
we could go writing kiting koala bear
hunting watching hunting hunt them
anyway see see the thing so each time it
each time we do a different episode will
be a different letter and we're gonna do
something to do with that letter today
is the first episode and what we're
doing for a we are going
trampolining now you may be thinking so
that's T like what the hell but there is
this trampolining place in Guilford
called air hop a for air like Sesame
Street today's letter is a say that's
what we're doing and it sounds amazing
apparently there's only one of these in
the country at the moment I think
they're opening couple more and yeah
sounds amazing so before we go try it
out something different this go jump and
bounce shall we see you there don't
forget if you like the idea of this new
series guys let us know by dropping a
like on it thank you very much
you
three hard work working
my guys back in the car with just
finished Earhart it was so fun wasn't it
it was very good fun I enjoyed what's
your favorite part
dodge ball are probably jumping into the
pit actually me too I didn't think I
knew how to do a flip and I was really
scared I was like oh what if it goes
wrong around my neck but it is so easy
sue and it's so fun and it's a soft
landing so I loved it everyone's a
winner
yeah really really good guys I would
really recommend you check it out it's
definitely harder work than you think
when I looked here for I said I've
jumped on trampolines before know what
I'm doing dodge ball takes it out
especially when you've got like 15 kids
ganging up on you because you're
obviously so much better the gain and
nail and they think cuz you're large
like you're massively excellent massive
guy huge yeah so that was our first
alphabet dating thing a is down B is
Nick suggestions what do you think we
should do for B what do i do like
abstract things that on sound different
normal you know so like I know
beekeeping would be a good example that
we could do that but maybe you've got
better suggestions if you have let us
know in the comments below hope you
enjoyed the video and if you did let us
know by dropping a like ah mate we'll
see you when you're older dang it I
change you see I changed it then you
went don't go changing I don't go
changing I don't like that why would you
change it I've shown you not to change
no I messed up don't change anything
goodbye peg a change
