I'm gonna burn your baby Bongo - babe
just beautiful babies x-rated hi
everyone today we're going on an
adventure we're going away for one night
because Matt has three days off because
it's a new year so we thought instead of
staying at home and doing those jobs
around the house we were going to make
the most of it so we booked to go and
stay at a hotel it's only an hour away
from our house it's called the Grove a
few of you recommended it to me on
Instagram so I called up a booked it so
we're really looking forward to it we've
got a room with bunk beds for the kids
and there's a family swimming pools
loads of grounds and there's lots to do
for the children so yeah we're really
looking forward to it aren't we yeah
Caleb hid his face in the bath and he's
got like a black eye now can you see
that it's only an hour way but I put a
hundred toys in front of Jax to keep him
busy can't even see him
just arrived
Oh excited it looks beautiful
and we use things and fell over walking
all of the luggage out and everything oh
wow nothing to you
made it and it's a beautiful day we just
go into a restaurant to find some lunch
the rooms not ready just yet but with
scallops close but most beautiful
grounds you can see lots of posh people
here I feel a little bit out of place
you
you're just exploring until Iran was
ready and then as soon as I read was
ready we are going swimming cuz the boys
were so excited about losing really
really beautiful here the grounds are
incredible and as loads of artwork
around and the boys are actually little
questions and it's just really lovely so
sure
taste
into a room and I've actually just
filmed a bit of a room tour if you want
to see that that will be up on my
channel and yeah we're just going to get
ready and then I'm gonna go swimming the
highlight of the room is bunk beds which
is over there but it's now been turned
into a den but yet really big there's a
crib for Jax okay I'll take them thank
you and Matt has gone in with the boys
and I'm sitting on the side the Saxon
because we think he's a bit tired so we
didn't want to put him in the swimming
pool so I'm just sitting on the side
that is a boiling hot in here but I'll
show you the pool were the only ones in
here it is so dead this is the family
pool Caleb swim in an hour later and
we're out of the swimming pool just like
that we found like a bit of a games room
so the boys just having a go at cause it
looks like they've got board games giant
dominoes stuff like that
Jackson's being a nightmare as usual
just asleep again max in his element
because he's really really good at pool
when Matt and I went traveling when we
first for about five months around the
world and everywhere we went in Ireland
had a pool table so we played so many
games of pool and he won every single
time only one time I won was because he
puts the black was that right that was
Riley I didn't pick her 1-1 um yeah he's
really good sit
show me how you how you'd do it
that's pretty close
can be campaign respect to the room
after schwimmen
and the boys gonna have a bath in a
minute before we go out for dinner we're
just chilling aren't we yeah we Jackson
is really teething he keeps chewing on
my fingers do you hey yo G look at you
in for the bath you look so cute
no did it go in the bath yeah
you ready Kevin name
we're all ready now so what off out for
dinner is about six o'clock so the boys
are normally in the bath now which is
hoping they're going to do okay they're
a little bit older now so you should be
okay Jackson is already asleep in the
buggy as well so that's a result I love
there's still so festive that it's wet
is way that's your big time isn't it
lovely dinner be very tired children now
Oh
right this morning now and we're quite
good night with the boys they all slept
in till 7:00 and the two older boys
probably would have slept longer it was
just Jackson who was waking up so quite
good night's sleep now we're off to
breakfast there is a beautiful sunrise
you can't really see it in the camera
doesn't do it justice but and yeah we're
all ready and we're going to get some
food
what do you want for breakfast peace
eats out
anyone that is burgers
the
you're toast pumpkin opening video
you still fill the best toast ever is
like breakfast
listen I don't made you like Coldplay
thank you you like something similar
success is it a purchase okay Caleb your
turn red
is it the Soviet you just let it out
when you did it
yes read over what we're going to show
you phrases amazing talent and show them
he can touch his nose yeah coming closer
let me touch it
no oh my
raisin oh no oh it's the golf course and
we're just going for a little bit of
stroll just like frost on the ground so
it looks like snow kind of saying can
never have enough family photos Fraser's
moaning please listen moaning I'm taking
too many photos
Oh
you
just been swimming and then we played
some more snooker and now we're going
back to our room to check out and I
don't know if we're going to stay any
longer or they might just make a mood go
home Jackson's have it asleep they're
all pretty tired
this woman's be honest on the bumpy
buggy board okay on our way home and I
wanted to show you this this is
Jackson's new way of sucking his fingers
it keeps doing this don't you who looks
so strange
this is business but
