so this is the first video of our little
trip Thompson scene I sent us out to
three locations as a big shout for
having us and this is the first one
we're off to Marbella here we are we are
just packing together there's about two
hours to go so we've left me quite late
that's ok here's what I socks look he's
laid them all out in a row to dry a
little ugly all pet they're all pets
because I know what's was one lonely
sock know that it's pretty early ok yeah
nice right probably stop doing this has
been detached aback by his me and jake
on the train I'm trying to steal his
food because i forgot to buy any what if
I'm this for now is a guessing game bri
where we go to go away gathering I'll be
did our level 51 we go to East Croydon
I'm trusting Jack I put all my trust the
documents if I can't forget the capital
idea yeah here's what's going to happen
now cuz we're maybe five years old
fogies
nice photo gig
bogey Tashi okay Bogie's louder really
yeah quick boys bogeys then we left
sunny England's on that day and arrived
in my bear and the where there was
beauty even though it was about 8 9pm
and evening so straight to the hotel
here we are right at least pretty nice
check it up it's quite late it's like
eleven o'clock but here it looks nice
and this swim pool and a tennis court as
all inclusive which is the best things
ever also oh here's my favorite thing
ever I've got a gift salad of some sort
I think is a fruit bowl but I'm into
that I think that's nice and cool
wiggling at eat because we've got about
20 minutes seven shots so in a bit day
one here we go Jack's taking us to the
beach um he said do we know where we're
going new notice forgot that my way um
so that's fine oh this is poachy oh yeah
it's-- film and everything it's alleged
a hike up hi everyone hi it was
producing it and stuff and then we've
got a day to explore so let's do it we
decided to do a slow mo beach run
pretending that would be running four
miles on the beach really if i'm honest
we just did it for that shot cuz they
look quite cool and a little bit
Baywatch like then I found a boat they
were everywhere just all along a beach
local peoples and there's no one there
the beaches empty as well as well price
can do we not to have a swim and there's
jack just about swimming over there and
try to skim some stones which turns out
I'm not gonna actually terrible i think
my top schools too so personal best let
me decided to go into town a little bit
more and we'd raise to go segwaying
which i was one excited about cuz i seen
them but never ever been on them and
they look proper cool they're really
easy to do as well you just kind of
literally lean on it and it makes you
think why am i walking any
ever again the segway tours are one
hundred percent fun days you can't get
more fun than up that's 100 cents
waist and veggie you ha ha ha ha ha ha
oh alright his challenge is me versus
Jack and we will segways my master and
then there's an island in there so we're
gonna go three laps round when it takes
we'll see later bye
three two one go winner
what's up in there mate is that I've
been at segwaying basically on a Ferrari
my science same engine chat with the man
of same engine she's got Ferrari badge
annex I feel there was foul play is
actually supposed suspiciously you've
been switched back to your regular one
so don't worry about that I wouldn't let
don't get caught up in the details Jack
yeah don't talk about are you here I'm
actually am young I'm doing all right
yeah I'm just gonna go yesterday walking
out on someone so that's the end of the
first video from our bare and big thanks
to Thompson scene for having us again
and it's not off to America and Chloe
shows well
