hello and welcome to the vlog so Sunday
and I feel like we've had a lack of
house things going on I'm kind of moving
at the same time as like doing more
normal life and sorting a ton of things
out so I that I've made like one or two
updates but today we are going to build
on my Ikea furniture which is very
exciting I've actually made an IKEA
order for my like wardrobes and one of
you guys is packing it from you I kill
which made me really smile on Instagram
and yeah so today we need to go build my
kitchen table my kitchen chairs which is
where we're gonna kind of see it come
together
I have delivery to everything like this
week so this week will be somehow see
stuff coming so yeah my whole family are
helping me today which I really really
appreciate so we are just gonna head off
I guess I mean I'm really excited just
because I feel like this is gonna feel
like actually coming together because
like I'm gonna have like a table and
chairs and I can't believe it so yeah
let's go so since you guys have been
here I've had it with painted because it
was young I wasn't mom yeah well
apparently the color was almond white
but it was yellow so we made some
changes it's just white now although
it's not bright white is this just it's
like a steering light it's like that
it's a flat matte white so it's a
different point to the skirting board so
it wasn't just flat so we have some
dimension but yeah so that is the change
over this map we're in this jonatha
which is from the
14 I've got this Urban Outfitters just
like sure some just night leggings and
then my fears and where you're going to
set the kitchen came up and oh hey put
plates away and stuff this what's going
down today
would anyone like to cook a tip off me
sad
a good Jewish milk in Milan
so I have a few more pieces that I got
since I last saw you so this is one this
is from Ikea it's just a lampshade and I
thought would be really really cool to
go in here just like on this light
because it's quite like a future piece
so this is quite a large room right over
here how much to fill it and then I got
this chair so this is super cute this is
from a furniture place in Rushton I will
link the place down here they have like
a Facebook page with the pictures and
stuff but this was 99 pounds or
something like 90 pounds and buy that
which is so good for a child like this
and only got 240 pounds or something
crazy and I just couldn't justify paying
that so I got this I'm gonna love it I
think it's so cute it's like a mustard
color and yeah it just looks really
really cute and then this patch of
carpet that's like above is going under
here and this is where Cody's room is
gonna be I know it sounds very excessive
but it's gonna look really cute and he's
gonna love it he loves hiding under
things so it's gonna be great in Cody in
their phones just panicked and said
Emily make sure they know Cody no I'm
taking the door off and then it's just
didn't like little under the stairs like
a cubby for him but we'd never shut
admitting would we so yeah he just
crying you'd be so afraid I'd never do
that I'll show you it though Wow hey we
hope you put the cop in there - yeah
how's it looking for it
yeah and looks lovely perfect
much needs you hostage and over Smith
yeah
we're ready to be official turnover they
figure a man talapia what will be
calling this
it's not gonna be blue but that's the
side not bad not bad not bad now it's
time to make the chairs
they're getting a bit serious and hurry
the coach Jamaican we've now got
costumes so I got this set of bedside
tables from next they kindly gifted them
to me back when I lived in the aa flat
in London but I wanted to save them put
them together for somewhere that was
going to be more of like a stable place
kind of home so they've been in there
packaging for about six months and
finally they're getting put together my
new next bed which is exact the same the
other one but I did have is on the way
to match these gorgeous reading tables
that they're the Longworth beds are
tables they just look like that they're
white they're really kind of substantial
don't say chunky because they're not
chunky but you know their substantial
saying that like lovely pieces of
furniture so we're going to put these
together and then pop these in my
bedroom and I can show you my new
lampshade that I got as well which is
really cool so I made some progress
please ignore how team did it is I'm on
this big camera being like that but Oh
sounds echoing I'm going to show you the
bedside tables and my lampshade so this
is where the bed's going to go and then
I've got my Ottoman I obviously had in
London I got this beautiful flooring
it's like grey white kind of color and
then look at this how gorgeous is that
lampshade from Ikea it looks a bit like
weird where the joy bears don't if you
can see need to sort that out but it was
like if he might certify him like 40
pounds which is so good for like eating
and then let me see the cute I know
everything in here
right but I'm gonna be reading coloring
with like my bedsheets and there's gonna
be something there as well
so yeah and this is another like that my
god and then the light is like one of
those it doesn't really make the real
any brighter and then this is the other
like this and this is in my lounge and
it's similar to one in my bedroom and
same kind of style but a different print
will you do you just chillin in the
mirror looking at yourself you've been
done since it'll make seven yeah I'm
lip-syncing
do you love Little Mix yeah yeah they're
cool right who's your fav who let me
guess Perry and Jade so this is a
kitchen update that's just their kind of
for now this is the table with the
chairs but I don't know kind of what
chairs to go for so ideas wrote for
these because they're cute and they're
pink but I kind of like I wanted these
like fabric chairs but they just don't
spread to these like but will they like
30 pounds each not even that maybe so I
mean I think something like that really
well-priced a chair and I kinda just
have to be sensible because I can't get
all the gorgeous expensive things
yeah I still think these are amazing
though but that's why if you think they
look a bit kind of I don't know not
they're not luxurious I like they're
like they're fun and functional I really
like the tables this is where like we're
going to be working from so that's
important yeah I just still I'm so in
love with this chair so mum has just
kindly washed up all my plates and bowls
for me that I just bought but you may
notice that they're white as everything
else in this house is like I literally
just said I'm trying to go like white is
like a basic color that I'm making
everything else bright with like
everything else I was gonna go with some
really like funky fun plates and then I
was just like well they don't match and
I've kind of got a bit of a situation so
we're just going with plain things which
is pine I have really fun monks so I
mean yeah everything
I have some fun like table mats and
things like that so like I have like
white plates just to kind of match so it
goes because I don't like mismatching so
but not everything's gonna be white I
promise just the basics of white it kind
of makes sense doesn't it yeah yeah just
the basic so I'm gonna put these away
these are just like here we just set
29-year pounds I think yeah the set is
like six of each little plates big
plates and bowls first meal in my new
place we've stopped for a Mackey's break
I've got my nice little maps out the
Disney primal chick bugs that I thought
I've lost I had no clue where they were
they're in a box of my toiletries um and
this is what this is what they're
looking like I told you I would do a
comparison so I got three of them on you
can open one and so this is the original
Disney one this cost I don't actually
don't know how much this cost me but it
was more than the Primark one and then
this is the Primark one in comparison so
they're a lot smaller and the paintwork
isn't as kind of precise but they're
still super cute and the eyes is a lot
more kind of animated it's a lot more
tilt it I don't if you can see that
they're completely different like items
they're so both so beautiful but both
completely different so yeah that's the
difference and the chip on the Disney
Wonder that much
looks like that so yeah that's the
difference so there's everything for
today's moving vlog I just wanna say
huge thank you so much for watching if
you do enjoy my blogs then please do
give this video a huge thumbs up there
will be more if you'd like them let me
know in the comments down below
and as always please do leave me a
comment so we can have a little chat in
the comment I try to apply to as many as
possible I mean I I pretty much get all
of them usually there's the odd time I
don't but yeah please vote with me and I
will get back to you we can have a
little chat but yeah this is a very
exciting but also rather stressful time
for me so yeah I really hope you enjoyed
this and I'll see you next time bye
