hello programmed hello today we are
going to LA so I'm gonna call this like
an LA blog because we are lost we
haven't been in like three years and we
are going back part work part fun I'm
very very excited you can see I've got a
bit of a a broadly Brown highlight
thingamabob going on right now
and I kind of like it it's kind of
different behavior
okay he's try okay I'm not stressed
about nothing right about this so I was
not doing everything out why while I
hold the camera
okay guys so we've arrived to our hotel
we're staying at the Waldorf Astoria
Anthony Harold's fancy ha
it's amazing the service and I too know
what it is about a good hotel it's the
way that people make you feel when you
walk in veteran make you feel very
welcomed and it's so important I think
my number one thing when it comes to
staying anywhere I'm going to show you
around my skin after that flight is so
so dry and I'm going to don't even kill
myself a little bit of a treatment
facility totally need that right now to
embrace the one the balcony but what do
you think darlin water she's pointing
here's the front of the hotel this is
like right by Rodeo Drive
once it means Southie look at these
views great what do you think like it
let's have a look here here's the room
lovely it's elegant it's gorgeous
look at this but for me the thing that
is giving you guys I love a bathroom I
love a good bathroom and this is a great
bathroom got lots of space for like oh
yeah look look at this
you don't even have those involved you
open breathing oh so just step into my
office this is where you write mmm well
I love their bins in my RV thank you I
can close the door in your face
Josey done is unpacked I'm just feeling
a bit just drying a bit tight so if I
need to do everything right now but
whenever I go to a hotel and I do like
unpack almost art and just sort
everything out and then I can relax I'm
going to use my clean e this is my take
the day off
cleansing van this is the mini one this
is one I travel with all the time I'm
just going to use my exfoliating
cleanser after flying your skin can felt
very very dry because it really does
take up the moisture out of your skin
something like those planes right I'm
going to use this you guys might have
seen is from IPR unboxing this is a
hydrating supercharged concentrate do it
is really really good hydration and for
me after a flight is absolutely perfect
because listen the ash unit is trying to
come through and it's an ultra
lightweight formulation which is great
if your solid days only but is dry and
if that makes sense but for me
definitely it makes sense and the good
thing is I'm a relatively oily person so
this is in a gel formula and for me I
prefer gel it
that's got lots of oil in it but even if
you have oily skin your skin still needs
really good moisture and I find that if
I don't give my skin the moisture it
means it will go crazy
oh and it only costs $34.99 it is much
beautiful naturally I know I know I know
a lot about
yeah it's nicer just give yourself a
little bit of a treatment and get off of
a plane if you are traveling even if
your oily even if you're dry it's very
important so yeah going to add a little
bit of my brown this is one deal and
it's like a colorless bomb and whenever
I use it for like my lips are really
nourish what's crazy already for just a
little bit more settled in okay I am
miss orange shades of orange today I
feel like when in castle you need to
kind of wear some color yeah it fell but
you have to wear color here so no maybe
that's in my head and I bought my
cabinet one sensual enhancer concealer
on and I'm reliving this was an old
favorite walk it back out and it just it
just bang it just bangs like wow love it
look who has awoken from that match is a
bit grumpy so she's having her milk
right now but after milk she's all good
she's at me when I'm hungry she
definitely gets hungry I wanted to put
my hair up but it's down now and I ended
up putting on these littles sandals
they're so so nice they are they are
designer but basically I bought a bunch
of stuff on far-fetched because they
have a sale on and these are Alexander
McQueen sandals and they're so amazing
and I got them for 130 pounds down from
like three hundred and something pounds
and for me you can I spend on shoes and
I spend on bags and that's really it but
the rest of my outfit is misguided
okay so Michael's wearing the top shot
t-shirt that I bought him guns out
sun's out he's gonna keep playing well
or you bought me but I still not buy it
for it's just that I'm more like
official stylist
yeah yes great you ready to go lovely
she's like what's going on over here so
we've come up use our amazing but this
view as well about energy has an
attached any grape is just doing this
from water a good move a bit of you are
here is just stunning and it's boiling
it's 29 degrees and we left our farms
are more fun in here so our food came
and we did what we always do which is
eat all the food without let you guys
know what we ate but grace Tito had
first from the very top board decorated
mouth first you went into a bit friendly
so you eat tasted really good that is
like a very pretty day
so I'm five I am but that makes me sound
like a miracle but realistically that's
like one o'clock UK time so I'm going
down to the gym I haven't been eating
great okay so I see that on my stomach
which actually is about to get a lot
slacker so when we go work out and then
have a really good clean eating
day-to-day but I've got my workout
trainers I'm having to wear these that
actually actually quite comfortable
I've got glam for the day we won't we
even a massive glam for the a as well
put some cheese grocers we are cold and
I work you got it from being on the
plane I feel like that happens and we're
gonna go and get the lay of the land
okay
Oh Michael pick this up a sweet ride yes
I you know it's I I just thought I'd you
know since we're out here these streets
are quite big I thought I'd pick up as a
nice car but they do this really strange
thing where they all drive on the right
side of the road here I don't get that
everybody does it and the roads are
massive the road is so very drugs rock a
bit of a maniac it's all good day let's
go finding in and out there okay
look Michael got a so much you picked us
up in there Ben yeah we've got a rental
for the week to talk a bit cheaper than
getting ubers everywhere it's really
nice I feel like it's just really nice
here in general I feel like this is
normal but yeah it's really nice we're
going to go and look for an in and out
because that is like a priority right
now like in and out
we found the in and out my belly is
grumbling so intensely about getting it
right now so Michael just need to perk
up we're going to go in and we're about
to try this yeah we got this good we got
the good you think that milkshake is not
is lynching like ice cream in a cup so
thick there's mud thick because I drink
uncle that drink really solid
let's take up in and out and meaning
that's all right the chips I don't like
the chips and they taste weird they
taste like dried potatoes what else
would they be
let's potatoey let me let me get my
first bite but it's huge I definitely
don't need a double the jawbreaker okay
no like that burger was amazing
Michael we got yet no it was good and
Michael's not usually about that height
it was very very good very very good so
just stop something
let's go and check out the iconic
Beverly Hills sign that absolutely loads
the people here there's even like tour
buses over there just because you know
it's such a cool thing to seem cool to
check out I don't know what all the fuss
is about what we're going to find out
very soon probably just a good spot for
a photo I guess I gotta take that iconic
beverage Oh a couple shots if exciting
like you without tourists
she was the job into the pond great not
today
careful it's done yet and
and quite hard band as well good morning
la beautiful it's funny as perfect as
per usual look as a family like kind of
matching we both got black on in denim
one I love that mine's lightly scattered
with babies oh my god this famous baby's
normal t-shirt is actually a bit crazy
and we're going to read a drive now and
we're not buying anything we're just
going to go and look at the fabulousness
like nice to walk Beverly here we've
made it to the promised one they're the
promised land milk and honey so we're on
Rodeo Drive just been wandering up and
down took a few nice pictures looked at
you look at your expensive shop emphasis
on the word look no money was spent
yeah there's some amazing cars I had is
one over there specifically what's that
car Cordoba Gotti yeah I don't know how
much is right it's a lot like people
know there's about is about eight or
nine people all stood around the card
just taking papers yellow black Picasso
is basically like a tourist attraction
yeah a lot of money I don't how much it
is but it's a lot but maybe that
question basically basically a house
yeah in terms of cost
same house will call house odds and
house our event supports the very first
going to happen to know a ton of people
taking pictures with it we going to take
a lot of that but then I go Dennis we're
going to show you the car there you go
what do you think nice the third
attraction right I don't know why they
have to the vent upstairs right now
where we going to do a lot of food
tasting is basically a competition from
all the chefs or selected chefs at the
Waldorf and food tasting is right on
Main Street
hello hello so yeah that's what we're
going to be doing and we're going to
it's a competition
a lot of here my favorite have you guys
tried everything
screams Instagram will try to reach
injuries but having an inspector that
time changeable music
I'm up there I don't know what I hear
thank God God is enjoying morning how
you doing another day there's Bryce over
there she's in her swimsuit we're about
to go to the pool this morning because
it is really hot so we realize that
trying to go to the pool like later in
the day just isn't gonna cut it
especially with a baby and I don't know
if I've mentioned why I'm here but and
basically doing some pictures and some
images and some coverage for this hotel
that this is the new Waldorf in Beverly
Hills and then I got said shoots and
stuff and also have a little bit of play
it Mike and grace this morning how cool
is it that can get flown to like Beverly
Hills LA stay in a really nice hotel and
you know just create content that is
adorable great nips okay and more so
yeah we just never know play some of
those swims we're definitely going to be
going to make our business
he is finished
cool lounging about ten o'clock now
those are really early today
oh yes Michael looks like today we're
going to go to Benny Malibu and Monica's
going to do the dry
Rosie it's really really nice hopefully
get lunch we like magic let every day
much of it you love it
it's definitely 100% not intentional oh
really
well I don't know what you're wearing
today the white shirt yeah the denim
okay you all know anything on the bottom
zero out the word braces company asleep
I'm going to wake up and yes do it but
we are off to get brunch we are going to
Estrela which is on Sunset Boulevard it
was recommended to me as white summer to
really go to its really nice oh yeah
we're off there darling that you have em
late breakfast right now can you see
professor crayon it was impossible 30%
in balancing the axial hydrogen by our
mill become mrs. bacon with avocado I
don't even know it was a French toast I
was vegetarian so grossest meal as well
he really good so this is Lisa's bacon
with a whole avocado inside and an egg
this is a lot this is actually an art
might taste really good
okay I like you like lovely questions of
the month
how did you guys manage I have your kids
active out we go out like food a drink
my sister very surprised that she
actually wants to do her own thing to
support everyone if the tribe founder
down even new traffic towards Santa
Monica on a Saturday in so real right
now
we have the beach oh my god it's like
hot and funny I changed infrared dress
because I want to put my suit on really
easily assign the Shannons of whether
it's clean from the walk-in towards
Santa Monica Pier if the where Santa
Monica peir it is intense it is intense
with a lot of people come on a Saturday
I forgot my glasses
come on the Saturday I've never seen a
video at it but fun okay the last time
we were here we had this this is gross
it's basically fried pancake in it yeah
I wasn't feeling quite speaker it was
really just sweet and just doing the
most and no right oil the sugar on top
ha ha ha ha ha this creature I know
funny like you just seen all kinds of
random people shouting or something
saying something and then it's so funny
like some guy was a walking around with
this I think where's that music coming
from this guy had the freaking Google if
I ever seen in my life I lasting out
hazing it was so loud as well and I
think why do these people have to carry
carry stuff that like music is ever and
it's not just in there's like loads of
people that didn't bought this on the
back of their like bikes and stuff Evans
played something unique people called
the code word loving it it's mad
interesting hey guys it's kind of been a
mad dash and stuff to the airport I was
going to put makeup on but that didn't
happen
we have now left and the waldorf-astoria
we had an amazing to mean that we have
fun here in LA we're in the Virgin
lounge and which you have access from
our ticket which is amazing
I was here having a look at the plane
and actually I'm getting a burger it's
valid and some good stuff so this just
came with salad and the verb on grace is
interested she's ready let's go twice
what did you think of a lounge food
you liked it as a whole
