good morning everyone I don't know if I
can really say good morning because it's
well now it's quarter to five so I feel
like that's a bit more acceptable people
get time for work we actually woke up a
quarter to four which is ridiculously
early for a Saturday morning but we are
off to the airport which is really
exciting it's meant to be a happier
morning I was so excited and I found out
some horrific news this morning about
one of my very lovely viewers i have
probably little modest about 20 people
that i could name off the top of my head
who tweet me comment on videos come on a
blog post is so supportive and one of
them was killed on her holiday and they
don't wanna talk about it too much but i
just found out and i basically had a
soft crying I'm in complete shock it's a
terrible so not quite the happiest of
mornings and so we are heading to the
airport we are going to South France
I've been going to the South France my
whole life for you spent all my school
holidays they're Easter summer is like a
second home to me and we actually going
back to the same spot my whole life so
I've never actually taken you guys with
me because I've always gone and just
switched off but I thought this time I
would flock and go with which and my
parents and I'm still sizes get a little
bit of Sun and just relax and eat good
food and I love this other front
the head is like my second
it just holding on my camera game he
said like one of those YouTube couples
oh it takes a carrying my camera grave
here the plan of maybe fill me a little
bit while I'm there so I brought my
camera stuff just in case
we have landed in nice and it's for your
sentiment rose and unique cycled among
mementos let's get on my dad is picking
us up from airport
yeah this is so hot it's so nice I'm
gonna get changed into something cooler
and then I think we're gonna head to the
beach okay I think I'm ready to head to
the beach now that took about five
minutes and I'm ready to go so hot
wearing my wildfox sunglasses and my
lipsy playsuit but i think i'm going to
try and do an outfit style video while
I'm here haven't got my proper camera
but i'm going to attempt one anyway so
you'll see all my outfits in that video
we're now at the beach I'd left my
camera in the booths I couldn't film any
of the journey but it's only ten o'clock
it's boiling hot happy to be well
oh I haven't changed my watch dammit the
pic 11 and we're right by the porch so I
think when you're going to some outfit
shots of my outfit before I get all
sweaty look how beautiful this beaches
sees right there in a minute amazing sea
is right here but because it's a hotel
is also a little swimming pool there
which is funny not bad or assassinate
not bad for an hour and a half to get
here no why the best intentions of
making an outfit video even brought nice
outfits with me but the Canon EOS m is
not good for that is too there isn't a
viewfinder I forget so I mean there
isn't is only a screen so when it's
sunny is weak heart to see how to focus
things and i was it's really shaky
without a tripod so that's a shame
anything that's going to happen i prefer
to spend my day relaxing and stressing
about a video so today i found it some
photos of outfits I can and continue
vlogging think it's time some serious
peace relaxation now
which is gone for a swim quite far out
and I cannot explain how cold the sea is
it's freezing y'all stay purpose or it
ordered an orange presso my favorite
drink on beach fresh orange juice right
it's time for lunch work up at 4am so we
are starving it's only 1230 let's go get
some yummy food rich what you can have
steak tartare we've been joined by our
lovely prizes and beds here just noise
we just had a really delicious lunch I
ate way too much past it's not good for
me and Gemma had a yummy healthy
crudit√© night it's really delicious now
we're heading back yeah it was now we're
gonna head back to the beach and getting
a seat my mom always used to tell me not
to swim ashore after lunch I never
really understood why we always told not
to swim after lab but we it has been
ages because a crab we have anything
else I'm not like going for like a swim
we're back at the flat now we had really
nice day at the beach I had a little nap
as afternoon but I've had a really bad
reaction to pass her at lunch I think
today just confirmed a really corny
pasta or pizza I always forget that i
spelt pass through our homes when I eat
out I get past her and then I forget how
bad I am with pasta so I'm in a lot of
pain right now so we have a couple of
hours two showers and I think we're
going out for dinner tonight in on team
before I tackle my beach hair I'm gonna
tackle my face using all of this stuff
you
okay heading out for dinner I'm going to
try and get richer take some photos of
me first maybe if you can did my makeup
well show you quick outfit of the
evening my top from River Island I've
got last year that is the most handy
thing in the world I love it topshop
shorts my new sandals from office which
I love and I got into shades and my bag
is from brandy melville and my nails are
revlon partner what it's called and the
lipstick is clinic um poppy pop and
that's why that that's that
go into a restaurant in on teeth that is
basically it's over here but this is
over here and it's amazing
what were lost gelareh lord well Senor
Senor a record of echinacea back home
after a lovely dinner at a very fishy
restaurant I had the tuna and it was
yabut wasn't too fishy and which had a
nice meal too we're so tired it's been
like them seem as long as they woke up a
quarter to four this morning i narrate
ID so we're going to go sleep and
tomorrow we don't know what we're doing
but i reckon we're gonna get it on tape
and grand market food markets and stuff
so i'm gonna sleep see you guys tomorrow
good morning I'm not wearing any eye
makeup today because I have a saw I that
if you can see there but it's all red
and sore so one I don't infect my makeup
or so it would just make my I worse so
that is why I'm wearing no eye makeup
I'm just making myself some breakfast
these are the little yogurts I always
talk about that I love in France and I
don't think you can get them at home but
they're so nice my CDs and I was little
all the time and then I put a bit of
honey and on top and it's delicious all
we have melon pan chocola very French
we're not sure exactly what we're doing
today but I think we're probably going
to go to old auntie Beeb and look around
the markets you might have to go to care
for to get some new pillows for the bed
and that's about all we have plans
I bought four pairs of sunglasses with
just in case I film that outfit video so
now I've just got the big choice of
sunglasses I've got these from wildfox
which are all yesterday I'm ray-ban
wayfarers battery by erikas and I need
your ones ready these are library bad
arrogance very lightweight concrete my
hair looks like an egg
my eyes so I saw today my song Thanks
she knows where you are now breakfast OE
ya preferred bitch Leslie haven't how do
you get going to the cafe that new cafe
new person roll away to my dad's park
make sure you are wearing today my
ray-ban Erica's my monkey desktop my
topshop Mazzara wrapped around my
topshop shorts last year and my
birkenstocks which is so comfy and then
the same bag is last night for Brandon
Belt also we have at least bag in the
boot
with my swimming costume stuff in it in
case you end up going to the beach later
just in case so do me I'm wearing a
t-shirt from alvin out cuz you love that
t-shirt I don't know what's cool okay
some really standard shorts have you
guys in sunglasses sunglasses very much
your ray bans Marie girls very bad these
were mine once um I don't know why I
ever bought those but I thought that the
normal way for has didn't suit me
several days but then they really CEO
funny yeah damn it you're free /
sunglasses
lovely breakfast a patisserie quartered
and now we're going to a demonic free
tonight my sister's ordered some sandals
or from Arabella
10 free romana pre food department is
amazing i don't know why wheelies come
quick Cena you've not noticed here
that's so much good stuff we look rich
this is all the gluten free pasta and
stuff where appropriate
now we'll came into old auntie which is
my favorite place to walk around
up here is the food market in old auntie
or we always like to visit when we come
here so we're going to go have a look at
that young meets us to sell an attitude
remember it's just sort of painting we
really like to have a few little like
art galleries here we're just like
individual people that painting stuff
move someone that we really liked like
the scene with this girl of the sea so
we're just sliding my heart's getting so
what definitely might be here when we
come back like in a year's time when I
was younger they never had anything with
my name on it cuz Lilly was not a common
name and look keyring mini on it I would
have died when I was younger this is
where I spent most of my childhood in
this little plate walk it wasn't fancy
when I was here and there's like some
little bumper cars down here and the
same guy running it now it's the son of
the guy that was riding it when I used
to go on them this little playground
yeah I got the bumper cars dude that's
fitting bumper cars this is where I got
on a donkey ride and then the donkey
lost its shit and ran around and and
scraped my leg against one of these
trees I can visit shit like wait a bit
mental and it's that tree over there
scraped my entire leg and cried for days
tirely did it have donkey rides here
anymore because is illegal this was like
in the 90s they're setting up here for
the Jazz Festival they play just in
front of the beach front of the sea and
here they really have you to larry's
things like fake Hollywood
just sat down at the beach to have some
lunch nothing I'm going to get some more
attack it's like muscles but you do
recognize tomato garlic sauce which they
never do anywhere else we've made white
wine sauce which i hate luv mussels with
tomato sauce I think I'm going to get
back without the faculty quite on the
beach they're so fresh she gonna get
salad
come back to the flat and I have to put
some eye drops in my eyes to quit so I'm
going to start editing this blog because
I need to finish it tonight because
we're probably give me out tomorrow and
I need to upload it for tuesday yeah i'm
gonna go start editing
I just be editing for ages I've still
got loads more I don't know why there's
so much footage but me and rich are
going to drop my parents up in the hills
in Lujan because they have a wedding to
go to we're just going to go for dinner
tonight mom can I show them what you're
wearing save it nice ok here's this
restful you've had it for a while Shiva
there ya go and yo sandals kapha camper
my god mark would love letter from
camper with me rich yeah more gloves
camphor a nice necklace the rest n that
was my aunt she left it to me nice nice
we just drop my parents elf we're like
the parents Hannah be good have a good
night nigga too drunk oh my God we're
just getting used to drive in this car
that way
a little bit Joel t let's hope make it
back in one piece oh and I remember to
drive on the right hand side yeah okay I
just forgot was I all you do I'm gonna
get home and like get showered and
dressed and I think we're gonna find
damn it together which would be nice I
need to finish editing this bowl ok just
one so that what's going on with my hair
my hair in hot countries it's just the
disaster I really don't know what I'm
gonna do in LA actually I'm having a
Brazilian blow-dry straightening
treatment thing I've had them quite a
few times before but i always like to
try new ones and I'm actually having one
done at hirtius ins this week when i get
home so i will do a blog post on how
that goes because this hair needs d
frizzing before la big time I'm going to
stop blogging here now because me and
much you're gonna go out for dinner and
I've just been editing the vlog so I
know that it's quite long already and
it'd be nice just to have a dinner
without kind of filming so I hope you
guys enjoyed this vlog there will be
another vlog up on Thursday because I'm
going to carry on blogging for the rest
of this trip so I put two more days so I
hope you will enjoy that one too and
hope you guys had a good weekend and it
could start to your week see you on
Thursday bye
you
you
