good morning everyone welcome to a
weekly vlog from me and Lucy so today
we're going to go a music Toria and Alex
because we haven't seen them in ages and
we want to hear all about their trips
and we're going to cook to go learn it's
not on the roof it's given one yeah
we're not going to the one on the roof
because it's not over them and they know
we're in London and seems to be open on
the Monday it's really annoying but it's
31 degrees today so we thought you know
what we're going there as a day off I
want to sing that to cj's - zj's
how about you know it's so hot and I
don't think I've put enough Sun cream on
and I feel like I'm going to burn so
we're going to meet Victoria nice
because it's like the perfect suburb a
but if you wondering where these
sunglasses from their new some brave and
and I love my round one so I thought you
know what we're going to try some
different today we are way too far over
did you thought you requested it but
actually hands so we've got photos for
minutes I've only people I love the fun
but I love the shade let's just think I
love when your holiday and you can fit
me shade I'm the girl that sits in the
shade I can't get the style I don't know
I've nerves right now let's get on to
somebody we shade really looking engaged
to me if I just want like a crazy
although I like for days I could stop
the from their side in the safe and read
a book I would love that right now are
you feel like ice ivory and you'd like
read one every day and you call you sit
around the pool
I love although I was like that with the
whole one iron hungry name you said well
aren't you the driver wants to give us a
tour of London oh my gosh I've been in
the car for last 40 minutes really once
gets Paddington and problem when you
apply to not get to because people and
as an arrant couple
anything behind radio network cables
over here now high spirits are high
request feelings and I'll catch up okay
then make you my favorite people we
always play this up as we get to take a
picture with Victoria right now god Alex
were maybe for us who so we're now in
eating each other by defensively Cain is
the horse of baby gear we're struggling
a little bit
I've already balanced room I know he's
so good and I want him super super super
tiny out of memory a hundred percent
yeah yeah it's mine hi everyone welcome
back to another table so today we're
actually doing a photo shoot I just
thought why have we have London hair
extensions in of Kimmy's column you keep
mum the concern and wish you do is Linda
today do we love and yeah we spirit I
say we're going to show you like behind
the scenes of the shoe and we are going
to wear the course outfit ever actually
filling our makeups I like her too much
right now no kind of it obvious the
floor goes on so just let my makeup done
by Ashley and look how nice it is
now didn't you see me yet hi this is
also my makeup not really yeah why yeah
thank you so much princess we're now
ready to share put my little eye mask on
and my boohoo because and yell like Joe
panting yeah Ace of Spades room look at
this room for a should hi and this is
we're going to do the first shot
imagine find a barfly this at home so I
really had a good offer on the bar I'm
so happy with my makeup and I think I
did some at Tiffany defendants video
yeah I like glittery and pretty and I
actually like how I've not really got
much underneath but it's all kind of
sitting on top asked me if so good
makeup while do is oiling her Instagram
down below because she always does our
makeup
so amazingly also I need to show you
these flippers look how amazing these
flippers are chilling in the bath right
now
nice really long I answer I miss it it
was like old maid ha are you wearing as
I'm hearing that you are in ministry
curvier just getting ready to do after
so so which is both us together in this
amazing bar obviously on leave
everyone's in France and loli Linda's in
France hours late we like of my daughter
we do stuff on it okay biopsy done after
the highlights I tried to say is popping
oh just doing this shot near the
dressing-table nigh we have middle ha
see that like just forgot the roll
living I mean that really cool yeah it's
so close I'm loving the visor tissue so
yeah yeah very lightly bar fit Jerry
could believe that
Nikki direct oh how do you cycle the
clothes so I laughing pretty literally
like knows the sure that she was which
is incredible like me Vienna sorry I now
back from the photo shoot I did find of
caught whilst get back we were in like
East London and we're now back in our
slaw I just want to say the biggest
thank you to me that she is the most
incredible photographer and she saw and
tried to shoot with and she knows
exactly the kind of style that we like
her style
Toxie is so down a street so are so we
had the best time shoot will in this
today and what we'll do is I'll link her
Instagram down below so you can see the
photos that we took with her because
they are going live well by the time is
blocked up they will always be live so
I'll leave her Instagram down below so
you can see her photos and also we just
want to say a massive thank you to
Ashley who did our makeup and this was
kind of looked at web for and the hotels
that we took the photos in was
absolutely credible we leave that
fabulous but every room was different
and there was two rooms that we use we
use the gold room and also the black and
white room the fact of my room would
bath in was incredible so only their
website a place you can see and we are
gonna see you guys tomorrow actually
because we are seeing a girl with it
cosmetic and we're also going for after
tea we GHD so it's not gonna be a really
nice day although it's the Christmas
liars
finale which is only is really sad but
we're going to do a reaction video that
which actually be out before this vlog
so go watch our link it in this video
see you tomorrow
fun slender body
and you okay you know can't leave
anywhere we just watch Chris's liar not
gonna say anything if you want cell
reaction telling tableau our reaction
videos it does contain spoilers
I don't know practice okay my videos
they does contain spoilers that govern
what you're not up to date make sure
your update for your watch s we are now
on our way from meeting with you HD
which will be really nice absolutely I
never going to see cells expressing an
equal betting we talked about that are
all types on Emily their products are so
amazing so do be nice to female again
known as one of our favorite PR ladies
ever and we would have so much welcome
cells so we are going to be now smell
and we've seen her at the BRIT Awards
once but only amazing see like a full
set of a cell and although she is the
site the funniest thing I would love to
me you know she's me one person I would
locally that I spell yeah I know if
Emily like Adele which is fun Congress
to an hour our VP Merc at move hi
everyone so now on our way it's going to
be a bell rings I said we're going with
it cosmetic and because going more
social else is going that would receive
victorious not really nice I feel really
sore throat though like the hope I hope
your eyebrows something about now I
preceded them knows that I love
sing-alongs as well and then I'll come
out and I'm no voice apples yeah I'm
going to click in holistic a sport
moment playing mess orbit
top second at seven right and we'll
catch up you guys when I just want to
have fun and go out it will cause given
Bacardi husband lately
Oh
in the real niggers day
so bring the calf excuse the really
bright light just want to say the
biggest thank you to eat cause message
and now honestly watch noon we have the
best have Adele she was incredible I
knew she was going to be good and we
she'd someone like you laughs that was
amazing and I loved rolling in the deep'
as well that was so good
so yeah we just off the way home now so
we'll probably catch on you guys in our
next video if you did enjoy this video
make sure you give it a big thumbs up
and we will see you very soon all right
