good morning from a very cold England
freezer the minutes I've got a big
snuggly toy and try and keep me a little
bit warmer I'm heading back to London
I've got Lydia taking me to the train
station I've got a day of like meeting
and I want to fitted and then I go to
the Arsenal down the memory with my
manager my manager sport waters and I
scoffs oh it's going to be really
attractive to catalogue a resume you get
the comments on that video
yeah it should be quite a fun game Luke
filming the train because Porter run a
little bit fine I like the place five
years about 60
train ride so obscene site lifted
finished off having a suit fitting and
off-road and I've got a lovely new decal
white suit
very happy about that and I'm doing an
exciting little collaboration with them
and it involves Lumi which is really
cool so yeah that book thought is which
is about Ted to the addition hotel which
we're just at the right to grab a coffee
and have a good old catch up with our
manager for a couple of more meetings
and then the art we're going to see the
coffee happy this Rafael is finished off
having really nicely in with the girls
and see you go Bob CJ and I are going
for a very exciting dinner with them
think in a week or so say yes that was a
nice afternoon spent having coffee and
now just going to go back to the office
in London drop off some bits and then
head to the office
right so yesterday I was judged about
because the Arsenal game when I last
week you lot and my dad told me that I
couldn't take my backpack with me to the
game because it gets funny about letting
people in with like big bags which is
there enough and so I thought I'll just
quickly copper covering Pancho pocket
and so that we find of course I'm
supposed to bring my camera so I blocked
a little bit of my iPhone I haven't
looked at the footage as if he's any
good sort of just locked in there I
thought something was there nothing and
I got back to em k alike 1:00 2:00 a.m.
in the morning I bumped into one of my
old school friends and he's like the
sound technician guys so it was really
cool cuz I catch up with him until fella
bits that he's working on a minute
and then this morning I've had him back
into London I'm gonna go and meet one of
my friends Joey who's also a blogger we
rented some shooting stuff grab some
food before another meeting and then
this evening we're going for a very
exciting dinner with a brand called
Birla so yeah that's plan for today
hey we've got your London
honey anybody I have just arrived in
London and I've linked up with the voice
Joey Lucas he'll commonly mistaken for
Zayn Malik showing you her ki hai right
now the wall is this office but yes so
we're we're going to grab some food like
a plan we've got is a handful and Millia
see some of them having sizes that we
offer I'm here
Joey breaking mere one to ten Oh hahaha
lucky seven last night Aaron I just
finished on hurry
three deep I actually have and we got a
shot son when in Joey's front head off
now to his agents who's just starting to
pick up some bit I'm gonna head to
photos House for a meeting and then
season and we have a dinner so yeah
today is going well and the brain held
off we're gonna say quite the Jerry now
by Joey hi the book channel and if any
of you guys want to know really kitties
he's not they manatee money
yeah I'll oh I dropped this account
below check them out good one have a
year right I finished off a really good
meat in at Soho House it was really cool
granting a house because it was my first
time and it was my sister get the
feeling the vibe for it they'll her
describe it if nobody's ever been to her
house before is it's kind of like being
in a really cool comfy couch really good
meat in there I have joined the lovely
Lydia Miller
kidding and we are just about the head
to Kensington Gardens for a really nice
dinner with ferla so yeah I'm looking
forward to it I'm very hungry so should
we
and to come out of the fur latina and
the crew don't forget whether he looks
really good
do you not think it was nice I feel
really cool yes I wish he would people
and I'm not true
Michael for medieval yeah really really
nice dinner and they very kindly give me
the document wallet which he would have
just seen live and I just like the head
home and ladies been keeping a little
secret from me so self to factor
I don't not enjoyed it I think I might
have some idea to go over there I go
it's a Valentine's Day present cognized
already left oh yeah this is yeah it's
not extravagant because he looked at
buying the Louboutin one himself and so
I found it and it was better
yeah that gives it away oh yeah
liddie and I have just got home and Lumi
and I are going to open this good time
enemy ooh nice
I feel like I should just hope but an
unboxing on the box yeah
really sorry guys that's all you're
going to see had a little change of
heart I'm really sorry but I think that
it might deserve a reveal I wanted to do
an unboxing but Lydia just said that she
can get the box because obviously we
were going to prevent some stuff and it
was too big to carry so I'm going to
call it the reveal
so yes they tuned because that we come
into a cinema near you very very soon
I'm going to wrap the vlog up here I
hope you guys have enjoyed this one if
you have please to give it a thumbs up
and if you're not subscribed already
then please make sure you do also and
I'll see you on the next one
