guys you will not believe what's
happening so I was Aneesha and we are
about to go to Sweden as you can see
were on the timer that all is good
however morning it has not been good if
I got my passport you surely were
sharing a taxi and maybe some ways
probably more than one way in the m1
really take 10 minutes away from
Heathrow Airport
Phoenicia was like orange Canada checks
got my passport if she finishes at I
know
oh my god I don't have a tightening
instantly I'd like to know more then I
forget if I have to get Jones to go to
my state agency couple specky to go to
my flat to get my car log to drop off
the keys and transport the estate agent
and then I had to put a courier to cut
my clothes store and bring it to the air
oh oh my god I thought about specific
you know so much else happening like
ended up the courrier had like five
other jobs in between and I'm watching
them tracking him like and then he came
finally came I had five in any home
until the cuffs of my batteries and
security over my and then he's gone
materials interests approaches and then
I had like sprint to the airport and I
finally got through with one minute
sister
and I'm super excited great France plays
and rebels in look is going to be
amazing about the information made it to
Sweden and got there in the end just
arrived at the hotel
it's called hotel diplomat I think I
will correct you if I'm wrong in a
minute but I just want to give you a
quick room tour so how cute is this what
you found Venetian we're roomies by the
way because we are a couple on the
holiday we are a couple girls what we
got should we doing I hope I'm making it
yeah a hairbrush nice oh oh oh my god
that looks like Kelly she's my yum-yum
Oh
kombucha my fave love that can beat you
what's this guy Oh sounds good fishy
what is it like nearly maybe like what
Grenada maybe muesli maybe something
apple rule a little bit more high in
protein oh hey what are they like crap
waters or what are those like secrets
Oh long knees was we're not going to go
hungry
we are not I'm starving yeah oh I should
already needed somebody have one on my
ready yeah I spoke play around from the
other day why does mine have got really
loose like to apparently you just need
to put them on foiling hot water oh my
goodness did he just a little fun fact
if you pop these hair bands and boiling
hot water it goes like their original I
did not know that my not definitely him
do that rule of mine another wow there's
not so much we should do like a taste
test
oh my god we're just an ocean taste her
taste her and then just information on
that so really only got another and
we've also got some yoga so some key
yoga pants all about the pattern yoga
pants and look here these balloons we've
got some green juice a water bottle some
berries
and then be so like they're like vegan
see then looks pretty good they're like
a they look like bounty bars like vegan
bounties
well my cottage even see our MD blue so
brilliant oh my god how'd it be watching
this room and not even see them I'm
Larry yeah me too
I'm refuses to be like yeah oh it looks
like we're gonna get married yeah yeah
well we're out here we might say mmmm
I just realized I have actually
explained why I'm in Sweden here with
Phoenicia it's because we are here with
a brand called Maria Nina and they are
haircare brand in Sweden so they have
really climate brought us out here and a
couple of other girls as well and to
just kind of explore these in depth know
it get to know the brand a bit better so
I'm so excited and there are some really
really lovely products in the bathroom
I've just wanted to so looking forward
to using them look at how gorgeous is
tabled it so it is loaded so beautifully
so I'm already I feel like I'm wearing
pajamas in this I've never worn this
before - jumpsuit from ASOS and then
I've also just put my side on using all
of the Maria Nina products I really
really like it very kind of classic not
any like classic movie star style I
really like it but and we're just
heading out now for some dinner
someone's left their pan
we're very off dinner and this is where
we are and we have it I feel like with
Jim 7:00 tonight buzzing this is pretty
cool we had some problems getting in
because I'm a mighty evening in 90
minutes but we all got some great food
here I'm not sure on this busy alley as
people and it's like a nightmare
since I dropped the brownie this time an
agreement
so we've come for lunch now try day at
this gorgeous garden is absolutely
beautiful and we're basically having
lunch in like this little hearts like a
gazebo almost if so security this is the
garden and this is the gazebo oh and
look there's a little lake tana see you
to see the cute only the weather was
VESA it is raining right now I'm getting
absolutely drenched so yeah this is the
gazebo and coming inside
here we go how professor lunch was so
good I've definitely eaten very very
well and freedom and we're just getting
ready now to hotel to get our bags and
leave and head back to the airport so
literally being 24 hours in Sweden I
kind of want to stay a bit longer as
well it might be a bit more you know you
just need to get proper film from the
new city is absolutely amazing from what
I see people are a incredibly
good-looking and be so funny
so yeah I'm going to come back how cute
this little Delhi that's attached to the
hotel so we're just at the airport
waiting to check in and look what we
have here travel play love Maria nila or
miss you know you know so so cute
let's have a look what we've gotten here
excuse this little card so sanskrit and
we've got these lovely little travel
size products some shampoo and
conditioner and by the way we've all got
different stuff in our boxes they're all
personalized so this one is repaired
because my hair needs repairing
I definitely need a haircut but also
look at one of these me while I was like
yeah you're just over here
keep going keep going you're on a roll
but look at how great all of these vegan
snack pack justice and chocolate huh I'm
an absolute joy colic all coconut milk
yeah oh Phoenicia is going to give it a
taste test that's the one from yesterday
which oh I've had this really good okay
ready ready
like just like a bouncy right I'm really
regressing leaving my other one there no
sign is good I've got a whole box of
snacks thank you but it's friendship
right there Wow I have a feeling this is
going to be amazing
got some granola very simple mango snack
mix and make coconut bacon
you
