oh good morning it's Monday and it's
half past six right now I'm starting to
vlog from the car because we stayed at
Benji's house last night I haven't put
my contact lenses in yet so you have to
excuse the glasses this week I have
pretty much next to no plans
I know get my hair cut tomorrow which
I'm very excited about my mum knows
somebody and I'm going to house on
Friday night we've arranged to go
bowling with a couple of our friends
they're like Benji's family friends and
we haven't really had any chance to do
anything with them yet there's six of us
so we organized that having the diary
from like a month ago the rest of the
week is gonna be pretty chatty and homey
I finished the vlog yesterday afternoon
uploaded it and I've done the thumbnail
everything so I don't have to worry
about that today sometimes I don't
finish it on a Sunday but because I
allocated some time on it on Friday but
got it all done last night so that was
really nice like it's nice to be ahead
of yourself and I've got a lush haul
ready to go later this week too so I'm
feeling less pressured and stress to get
everything done this week I'm feeling
quite chilled like yeah it's gonna be
quite a nice week I think oh my god I
have just had tears because also my hair
is like don't even talk to about it I've
just been having tears because I'm
working away it's 11 o'clock and I love
having YouTube on in the background I
have been following along with the
bucket list family because I follow what
Disney World
obviously on Instagram and they've been
doing this 30 stays in 30 days and
that's how I found them so they're on
like day 23 or for something so I went
on their YouTube channel and notice that
they've been doing videos there's four
parts the moment that I haven't seen
them all I've been crying because not
only are they beautiful vlogs like
absolutely so well done and like really
nice giving me loads of inspiration for
how I'm gonna shoot things but they're
children
Dorothee a manila manila manila that's
little boy oh my god they are adorable
and it just reminds me of Fraser and I
when we were kids they're just the most
beautiful family and they travel
together and they've seen all these
beautiful amazing things around the
world and they're just amazing so I'm
going to link them below if you want to
see
bloggers especially in Disney but
they've done loads of other videos and
they're just amazing so I know I'm silly
I know I'm silly but it was just cute
I've got my second wash on I've got a
nice fridge full of food today which is
great my hello fresh box just arrived
again I've I bought one this time so I
worked with them recently and I've just
bought another one so that's good and
I've got to take the recycling out and
that rubbish and I'm also just washing
the bin because something leaked in it
and it smells really gross this is
adulting at its finest
I've hung all this washing as well now
then when I'm done I'm gonna start
organising Florida stuff as well in a
minute
so right now I'm currently organizing
stuff for Florida
I have written a packing list I also
have up the itinerary and I'm writing in
I've added an extra column on the bottom
and I've called it like the outfits day
and their night so I'm basically poem
I'm gonna be wearing day and night now
sometimes my day outfit will go into the
night as well and I think I want to
change into something nicer an evening
so I've just try to make fancy dress
outfit because I'm doing my Halloween
party and it looks really good it's all
come together now it's basically I'm
doing I'm just gonna try a bunch of
clothes and then I'm gonna do J wicks
workout and then I'm gonna shower so
that's what I'm up to
yeah it just did my show works and I've
had a shower obviously and now we're
gonna watch a new show starting on my TV
at 9 o'clock say I don't know what it's
like all it's called I take tomorrow if
it's any good but yes I've had a very
productive day no reply to all my
comments so far so good so much been so
lovely Oh liar
it's called liar I'll see you tomorrow
good morning happy Tuesday I'm going
into the office tomorrow for the company
I work for and I'm gonna be working till
3:00 there tomorrow so they've asked me
to come in and I think we're having
lunch together and staff having a bit of
a meeting and catch up because I'm also
gonna be away for two weeks so we're
just like pre-planning for my time off
as well but anyway I'm tuned in to good
morning Britain because my friend Henry
is gonna be on it
long story short growing up we had some
family friends called the phrases the
four children with four boys and they're
all their surnames for Fraser so those
William Thomas Henry and Dominic and
Henry now paralyzed from the neck down
actually their surname phrases where we
got my brother's name from I've known
them my whole life
and in fact his brother was my first
kiss have you know I'm friends with his
mom on Facebook and she has put my face
this morning but he's on some weight hey
go are so excited to watch him I haven't
seen him in years like a really long
time but everything changed during the
holiday with friends to Portugal
instant dive into the sea he hit his
head on a sandbag damaging his spinal
cord was left him paralyzed for the
shoulders down in the eight years that
followed his desire to focus on what he
could do rather than what include led
him to public speaking and rediscovering
his love of painting now supported by JK
Rowling these details his incredible
journey the book hoping to inspire
others with me now lovely to see you
this morning Henry the book is the
little big things honestly Henry you're
such a remarkable person yeah you know
you've been named on the power 100 list
is one of the top 10 most influential
people living with a disability in the
country you're such an accomplished
talented painter and your outlook on
life is as I said you know a constant
inspiration to know many other people is
terrific having you on the program this
morning all the best we've booked the
little big things and the subtype of the
booking young man's belief that every
day can be because he's just such a nice
person
oh my god it just makes you appreciate
your own life and can you imagine an
accident happening like that's you and
changing your life like oh my god he's
just so positively never moans and I
just think we don't realize what we've
got enough I think sometimes it's so
easy to moan about what we don't have
rather than appreciating what we do have
right now and that our life is so good
as it is as people and a society pushing
us the next level and I think that's so
important to try and push yourself and
excite exceed your expectations and work
hard and I sometimes just feel so
overwhelmed with the pressure to
complete the next thing or what's next
I've talked about this before where it
just feels that you're running a hundred
miles an hour sometimes and it's really
important to just take it slow and
realize that actually life is what you
make it and Henry is a true inspiration
and example of that really really
emotional it's 10 past 9:00 and I'm
ready
got a bit makeup on for once which feels
nice my hair is just doing its own
things I'm also gonna get it done I'm
gonna pat my
go to my mom's house because I'm working
on a video and I need her help with it
it's so sunny and nice outside and
loving it I'm wearing jeans from
American Eagle Outfitters this jumper
that I fall in love with this is from
Hollis Doyle it's a couple weeks ago
this jacket is very old from Primark
thought I would do a little bit of Cory
okie and this week I've been like loving
two songs one is Hobby Stewart's version
of wild thoughts I've been playing it so
much and the second is todrick Hall he
does these mixes on YouTube he's amazing
if you've never checked out todrick Hall
go check him out but I particularly love
the four videos he does said it's called
for the 2000
I don't know
how good was that oh my god I absolutely
love it so I'm just gonna play that
again I can't kiss him at my mom's house
now and my grandma's just arrived and
she's given her my fame with my weekly
vlog play and she's what a shame a
weekly vlog because she watch every week
I'm supposed to show her she comes here
and she can't see on the home phone no
I'm just working away is 20 plus 10 so
I'm just gonna what can we leave for the
addresses probably a hot washed well
what's her name the lady what's her
first name
remember on my phone oh yeah I get look
at my hair I don't know if you can see
it right I'm not in a very good light
right now but it's so squishy and nice
and fresh for once
yeah it was so nice with this girl's
house her name's Haley and she had a
little sellin stuff in her
I can a bedroom like prick a spare
bedroom yeah put a sink proper ill I
felt like a salon shed a lovely little
spaniel called Baxter seriously weird
yeah love it it feels really nice
I can't dry my hair like this either so
I love it when it's like this okay yeah
love it
I'm back from my mom's house it's quite
naughty I was working for a while it's
now half past six and I'm gonna do my
fresh dinner tonight it looks so really
nice well actually this is a creamy
chicken pie and it's got all got potato
leek celery mushrooms chicken stock pot
double cream cheddar cheese bread crumbs
and olive oil this does look good so
partly it's a customer favorite I'm not
sponsored by hello freshers week
genuinely bought it genuinely liked it
so I will show you when I've done it oh
dear so we had a little bit of an
accident in the kitchen and she was
cutting the leeks I went to bend the
ends and it happened so fast didn't it
Musa and he accidentally cut my shopping
shopping shopping it's because I said it
happened too quickly to like explain but
I said no need to cut it you cut the
middle and then I said let's me nice cut
the end off and you went yeah and then
you listed the knife off it I thought
you'd stop so then I put my finger down
either not as I did I set up food up in
knees and then as I did you put the
knife down again so both of us didn't
know each other's next move because we
weren't that far ahead
anyway I'll be fine like uranium so
anyway but that drama over Benji has
been for the last 45 minutes making the
dinner how amazing it looks you were
right the small dish was the right size
that looks right in comparison to the
picture though it isn't it this is very
square like that always get more square
mentions whereas this is also right
oh it's gonna taste amazing though
morning welcome back to Wednesday now
I'm starting like at 10 o'clock until
3:00 today so I'm actually going into
the office so the company I work for
I quite like it a bit more chilled and
it breaks up my weeks
and lets me have some human interaction
and I'm allowed to go there whenever I
want so if I wake up on week I'm like I
don't want to be in the flat then I can
go to the office I have a desk there so
yeah it's a spare desk not my desk it's
a spare desk but there's a desk for me
what should I talk about first I'll talk
about the finger first I'm feeling
better today I had lots of paracetamol
last night and I had it bandaged up so
then she bashed up to me but I've just
taken off it looks well it looks like
this so I don't know if you can like
properly see that that's nail varnish I
don't like befool does not blood but the
dark bit obviously is blood so the knife
went through the nail and through the
skins underneath it really really her
obviously cried a lot I have zero pain
threshold like I even like scratches and
grazes hurt me so obviously I didn't
take to it very well I think it was the
shock more than anything I think maybe I
should just stay out the kitchen I think
she did with the cooking the dinner last
night was amazing it was by far the best
hellofresh meal and maybe even the
nicest dinner we've had in weeks so I
scoffed it and it was great because I
could just use my right hand and I was
like scoffing the dude I was so so
hungry and loved dicks I missed lunch
yesterday yeah so anyway then we watched
bake-off and then we got to talk to
foster so good TV night actually and
bake-off was actually quite enjoyable
but I was saying on Twitter that I
really missed the history bits I don't
know if that makes me a bit of a geek
and a lot of people on Twitter like no
they were boring I'm glad they're gone
oh that's my fame some people like the
history but other people's that they're
boring but obviously they've taken them
out for the adverts now but I thought
they were quite interesting I liked
learning about where the product came
from that which country came from and
things like that so yeah I missed that
bit but I knew there was something
missing about Bake Off but anyway I
still enjoyed it I'm dr. Forster was
really good last night I'm trying to
work out why Tom would move back in with
his dad like I'm pretty sure Simon has
basically bribed him in some way but I
don't know why yet it all looks a bit
officially at the moment so I'm looking
forward to next week so if you're not
watching dr. Foster already get on it
I'm still loving my hair this morning I
mean I slept on it so it's not looking
as pretty so I had to like click this
front bit up because it's gone on like
too flicky this morning and I'm wearing
this Hollister shirt and I've got jeans
on
know what shoes to wear with it and I'm
gonna pack my rucksack with my laptop in
it popular with makeup on and then I've
got to go to the post office and pick up
a parcel I missed yesterday so it's a
good day it's a good day right okay I
need to get ready it's quite difficult
not using this finger but I'm gonna give
it some air today look so ugly but oh
well you know it's a good day when you
pick up a little green box I have just
got my necklace back that I sent away to
be repaired oh my god they've cleaned it
as well it's so shiny Wow wow it looks
so clean there we go my necklace is back
oh I love having it back look how pretty
it is so shiny and literally been
wearing on my neck for like three years
I think I've got it 2014 yeah three
years every single day I wear it so I
felt a little bit naked without it from
being honest it's like I have it on
every day so if not had it for the last
like 3-4 weeks but why send it away on
the 19th of August so yeah almost four
weeks I like having it back but anyway I
feel a lot fresher having a bit of
makeup on this morning and I'm actually
half an hour early which is a bit silly
it was very we're going to work like
working from an office but I like it
same it's now 20 past 3:00 I finished up
at the office and I had a really nice
day the company I work for actually
bought me some flowers they're just in
the food they've got a nice bunch of
sunflowers so I'll show you those and
put them in of ours at home but yeah we
had chicken and blues wraps which is
like a local chicken wrap company
basically they do wraps that you can
like make your own so you can add
halloumi and avocado and put your sauce
and stuff so we got treated to that for
lunch which was nice so now I'm very
full up with some sweet potato fries as
well and Vicki's when you work in an
office you can't not have Vicky's with
your tea actually had two cups of coffee
today so I'm feeling a bit buzzy so with
all this extra energy and seeing as I'm
already out and you know I'm dressed and
stuff rather than being my pajamas I'm
gonna go to Primark these are my
sunflowers they're so pretty
love them I haven't had some flowers
ever before anything anyone's bought me
some flowers before so I'm really
excited for those so can leave them in
there hopefully they'll be okay I need
this I love this bags so much oh is
because it's got like a laptop bit and
the back I've swapped to my um
flip-flops - I was wearing these like
brown no four things but I'm back from
Primark I've just filmed a parent call
Benji's here and he's cooking another
hello fresh box for tonight we're doing
Thai pork stir-fry thing I'll show you
when it's done
and I'm gonna tidy up while he's cooking
cuz I've got clothes everywhere now
found a horse got the stuff everywhere
and so yes I'm doing tidying so this is
the mess that I have to deal with let's
go
finished everything's gone and after
Packer gangster staying at Benji's
tomorrow night and Friday night maybe
even Saturday night so I'm after pack
for the next three days so we're
spending half the week here half
beginners he's meant to be going to
Jersey today but that's been postponed
until next week so he's with me again
this week we had our dinner and I forgot
to vlog it so that's really good I
tasted it I was like whoa it's so hot
and you like spicy food yeah and I was
struggling and then we fought our minds
we just played it plate it up me sent me
the rice and it was oh it was so good we
will prepare to order a piece we thought
it'd be horrible
I don't you should make it again yeah
yeah it's like the crispy shredded beef
we get from the yeah it's my hands after
I finish cooking oh yeah obviously some
chili in his eye and also I almost
pitched my ear my ear was in agony for
about a half an hour
it's have a little like OE and then we
watched out to the bright good evening
sea bream tomorrow anyway tomorrow we're
gonna beat yours and Friday night on me
morning happy Thursday I have washed
dried and straighten my hair got up a
showered I put some makeup on it's a
miracle
I've made the bed tidied up and I'm
gonna make myself a cup of tea and start
work now
yeah I've got some let's do 8 to 1 today
so I'm gonna crack on catch up with
YouTube and I will see you after and
just like that I am back it's now Hoppus
1 I finished my work and I've been
playing with my hair like all morning
and now look at it like you wouldn't
even know it straighten dicks I've been
doing this all morning and touching it
but I'm about to film a video now my mum
is coming over I normally go to her
because she works from home
but and I like to get out the house and
all the parcels get centner so I go
there but she is has been seeing a
chiropractor and the chiropractor is
just by my house so she's basically
stopping by here so I'm just tidying up
my place a little bit
she doesn't really come here very often
and I want to like make it look nice for
her so I've got a lot of paperwork and
boring stuff on my desk it just replied
to the letters that I was sent a couple
of weeks ago I was a bit slow actually
if I sent some letters back to people
that sent me things on my peer box I'm
going to sort out my memory cards which
is a task that I've been putting off for
a while I need to clear them and move
the stuff that's on them onto this bad
boy my hard drive so that is essentially
what I'm gonna be doing this afternoon
I don't have long says 22:5 and bench
will be home fairly soon
oh it's bit steamy in here you need an
extractor fan then you okay
oh now is very noisy so we're doing this
sea bream
so far it's looking like there's always
noisy that's gonna turn i like hello
fetch
good morning happy Friday it's quarter
past seven bench left for work about an
hour ago and he just left me in bed
which was nice by I'm gonna get off and
go back home and come back here later so
I didn't pack everything I needed and I
need to run some errands today I'm
working on a sponsored Instagram so I
need to go home to a flat lay I picked
up the bits I needed for it yesterday
I've got to wipe my memory cards and
sort all that out today I want to go to
save as and get some lost beauty bits as
well for my holiday I was gonna go to
the gym at Friday's normally gym and way
day for me but I don't feel like it I
don't wanna go I'm gonna got the weekend
instead I think I might go tomorrow
instead
but yeah not feeling it I don't I just
don't we go this bed is so comfortable
and soft and lovely I'm gonna make in a
minute and then get up and go home I
know I'm wearing the same top as
yesterday but like who really cares so I
am at my desk now and I have done my
flat lay that I've been working on for a
brand I've done on my memory cards so
they're now wiped clean and put on my
hard drive
and charging I'm now gonna pop into town
cuz I want to go to savers and get some
lost beauty bits for in fact I'm gonna
write list for Florida so let's show you
what I got from savers because who
doesn't love a savers food and let's get
my receipt up I got some cotton pads
these were pound each and they have the
oval ones soft oval cotton wool pads I
went in there for nails and they didn't
disappoint they had the nails I wanted
although these ones are over when I do
prefer square but I will do so I got
these glittery ones well they're like
cream with glitter on and then I got
these two French ones so I'm gonna wear
these in Disney and then I'm gonna take
now varnish as well and so speaking of
nails it also got a nail file I've got
some clear bottles for my shampoo and
conditioner these were a pound I also
got a little circle ones to put in like
body cream and my ex
stuff so also one pound and they come
with a little plastic spoon as well just
gonna be handy I picked up a Garnier
I've been seeing these a lot and I
haven't picked up one yeah I want to try
is there moisture bomb tissue mask 15
minutes for dry and sensitive skin so
thought I'd give it a go as it was only
this was 1 pound 49 and savers a bunch
of handy and ease I know from experience
these are super soft and a bit fussy
about things and they were only 19 P
each so got some packs of tissues for
the path I've got another one of these
toilet refreshen of things or another
one of those it was only a pound and
also got a pseudo creme which was one
hand 89 because I just think this is
such an amazing cream that's everything
it's now ha plus 3 I'm going to pack my
overnight weekend bag and then I'm going
to Benji's I've got a video going up at
4 and we're going bowling tonight so I
need to go find some a trainer I've just
shared my Disney video and so many of
you sorry my jackets although the place
so many of you have said you loved it
and it made you to earth and thank you
so much if you have watched that if you
haven't seen already than our link at
the end but yeah it was a really special
video and I really enjoyed making it
this week so oh it made me cry again
like it keeps making me cry every time I
watch it because things go mad because
have you ever loved something so much it
just fills your heart with so much joy
and you can't explain why that's how I
feel and watching though those clips
back was just lovely so anyway I'm gonna
get ready to go to bungees two men no I
don't like it which store you taking a
malefactor no no no no don't do that to
making you get rid of him please no can
you get one who is my family he get rid
of him please like really far away like
next door
it's Saturday and it's what's the time
quarter to eleven but we didn't vlog
last night because we were hanging out
with some of our friends went to Nando's
that's the arcade we played three games
of bowling which took us two and a half
hours two minutes
yes we only see two next time but it was
really nice that you've known the girls
for years of you yeah Megan went to
Megan's mother classes oh that's so nice
and they have boyfriend's so we were
like triple dating I guess six of us
yeah it's really nice day so we've not
really we've seen them a couple of times
we would not really hung out just the
six of us so that was really really nice
I really enjoyed it and we went for
Nando's before which was really good and
when we went to bed about well we left
about 11 words but about midnight didn't
we we've had a bit of a lie-in this
morning and we were planning on going
out for brunch with my whole family but
my mum and Jon have gone for a walk and
then my brother tech saying do you still
want to go out for brunch and we're like
yeah we do so we're going to a new place
in Bournemouth called how was how do you
pronounce it coke Brasserie
was it I've never been I'm gonna have
eggs benedict wax Royale I think so yeah
it'd be nice to see Fraser he is got a
girl is only four of us which would be
nice and then we don't really have any
plans the rest of the day was pretty
chilled you're just gonna take it how it
is see how it goes but yeah I really
want a cupcake
so they look a cute little bakery yeah
this is cocoa sorry
it's so nice on the corner in town here
love it
but this is the breakfast of a year and
I'm gonna go Looby ex-royal hit my
finger
we currently in the EES door hello
do you know what's really awkward
vlogging in Bournemouth so we went into
the east door and I spoke to them about
my annual upgrade so I'm due an upgrade
and I could have gone for the 7 plus or
the 8 plus I knew went to the plus and
the money the difference in the spec of
the cap the actual phones is not a lot
and the money they've done a really good
deal on the southern plus so I ended up
going for that instead I don't really
need to call the way up to the eighth
last I don't think so
the sort on I've ordered it it's coming
next week to store so I'm gonna pick up
next week and we're just at this good
shake away all getting a little
milkshake and it's like half one now as
well so it's quite late we've been out
for ages I'm really enjoying it actually
and then I think we might gonna play
mini golf
so hope you like that laughs today
that's really cute look at this mini
golf place
oh listen
there we go
nay rotten food
like Oh what did I get
a back from town and I came third out
for the friends they gave me a parcel
with it right to the house this morning
and I know it's from Kellogg's because
they asked my address on Instagram
actually and so I didn't want to use
that and I thought I'd open on camera so
so far I can see coloring pens Oh what's
this glitter no what's wrong what is it
can you eat them I've got lots of
sparkles and stuff we can make cupcakes
Oh oops
unicorn limited edition oh my god is it
bad that can I have a bowl I got a bowl
of Froot Loops yes I had a little nap
and I think my makeups are in my face
now I've done my hair up I'm gonna have
a bath later but Benji's in the front
room he's just made me a cup of tea pull
it in and I'm gonna watch hey Walt
Disney World whole I'm watching my
friend Faye and I've got my scrambled
eggs and a vote on toast today they look
like this I might a cut like this so I'm
going to the gym this morning so it's
been she's going to his gym I'll get to
my gym and then I've got edit this
afternoon's haven't any editing my
finger was hurting this morning by the
way as we put plaster on its protective
I'm at the gym and then we're getting
out for dinner tonight
back from the gym had a good time I
didn't do too long today just cuz I
didn't have the energy but I've just
come up to Benji's and you've got some
little things in home bogging so I've
got to show you you picked me up with
some fluffy socks cuz I don't have any
here so they're nice I've got an
extension lead now and I've got a new
tray I'm a new side table and like that
and we have a little candles these are
such good find so exciting Tom no yeah I
have been editing this vlog for the last
three hours and I'm really tired and I
want to wrap it up we're going up for
dinner tonight so I want to export it
and upload it while we're out but I do
have a priority call coming up later
this week so if you want to tune into
that that'd be up on Wednesday I think
Wednesday and if you're not follow me on
Instagram already then come on over
because I do a lot of stories so if you
want to see mini vlog throughout the
week of what I'm up to then follow me on
Instagram and I think that's all I have
to tell you so I hope you've enjoyed the
speak even though it's been a bit more
chatty and homey and not as exciting as
previous ones and I will see again next
Monday for another vlog obviously for
the protocol have a good one
you
