good morning it's Monday it's a Manic
Monday just another Manic is that the
song we have it's quarter to 12:00 we've
had Matt on - Judith round she set up a
business buying and selling things so
she's come and pilfered all my spare
things I don't need and all the
packaging of stuff that we have going
and Liam's helping her load it all into
the car we're about to all go swimming
and I think Jude is coming swimming as
well I'm not going in because I'm so
behind on writing I think I explained
its last week when I say we go
submitting basically Amelia madoski go I
do the chantry a bit pop her in the pool
with him come out go and do some writing
and then at a set time I like to do this
through the window because I can watch
through this big like glass wall so I
watch her swim then go into the change
room stuff because she's not quite ready
to do it herself I know some kids could
probably do it herself but I don't want
her to do a self yet um and also I never
cliffhanger give you a little sneaky
peek at them now and then like don't you
worry there'll be a lot of kitten
footage this vlog currently they're
having a little sleepy and they get all
like nestled up in this I got sent this
we're rocking a zoo and they're never
really warm to it it's room like so I
called Tiger house I'll show the red
later this one this is orbit because we
have a rocket already so no force base
name this one is orbit and he runs
around around around and this one is
milky like the Milky Way and they are so
sweet
they're like played with all day by
Darcy so Topsy is ready so happy I've
got loads of words down
my veggie bean burger has arrived
doodles is in the height of nights time
so I'm gonna carry on with this it's an
hour run I've written one and a half
thousand words of thrilled and my
doodles
did so well and I went and don't swim
and water she jumped in is so confident
it's so proud of you
this is a big moment we'll have to
remember this moment September the for
the day doodles swam underwater properly
for the first time yeah oh my baby
this one is orbit come here yeah hey
baby boy why are you so cute where's he
going having a little play oh yeah hook
whoa you shouldn't talk each other
tomboy stop it so that's milky biting
all orbits on top oh my goodness Liam
and Darcy I'm going out to deliver a
mirror to Liam's nice because it was her
birthday happy birthday deli you were 17
happy birthday little bit a while there
I think they're gonna be like a solid 20
minutes off now I'm going to film a
video about my new prom if you know me
you will know that I am a prom person
you know I have some people cough people
and my dad loves carts like sports cards
and four-by-fours and BMWs another if
you love someone I'm just like I just
need a car that gets me for me to be I
don't really care that much I've got a
mini she's lovely
that doesn't me
but prams I get I get a little bit get a
little bit a little bit excited for a
pram it's the same waist then and then
thought its bit gross I love that they
sleep here why why being so completely
gorgeous I want to be in a video with my
to video show anyone you've got your
little kitten beans and little kitten
video is it don't touch my beans I want
to be she no good I want to be spooned
here so this is a room I never going
which is this front room that I always
try and keep the door shut off even
though there's no point because I glass
it's basically where for the last three
or four months we have just been putting
shit and it's gonna be our big lounge
but I wanted to get shifts on the
windows and the walls painted we just
haven't we got associate we've got the
shutters now and I want to film in here
but look at it shall i film in this
corner new what about this one new what
about this one new so I'm gonna try and
make oh look it's 6:30 or don't put
socks in there please mother it's 6:30
I have fit I don't wanna film I filmed a
pram video and looking at the footage
it's okay but I I feel a bit funny about
X is in a different room and forgot to
put lipstick on and I feel like I look a
bit frazzled today I probably don't but
I feel a bit frazzled and Darcy is being
the most helpful
six-year-old I've ever known in all my
life and she's helped me do some laundry
and now she's helping bunch up all the
socks but she's put all the socks in one
pile is this all of Liam's tops in
another pile
she's very kindly spread my knickers out
down there and then oh look he's done
this she's hung up about dresses for me
Thank You doodles
you are very helpful and you miss that
but you just said I know I love doing it
I love having such a helpful child and I
just writing my friend Esther a little
letter I'm getting into letter-writing
it's very soothing to me so I've sent
one to channel gyration I'm sending one
to Esther I wouldn't mind doing a little
like viewer letter-writing thing I don't
know how we would manage it because I
couldn't commit to writing very many a
week and I wouldn't want to like
disappoint people so I have a think
about it and either at the end of the
vlog talk about it all next week
I've written dear Esther praise Jesus
the children are back at school I have
loved spending more time at Darcy but
energy is running though thanks for
being a constant playdate support love
Louise because whenever we run out of
things to do where do we go we go to
Esther's because her daughter is friends
with Darcy they're in the same class at
school so we go to Esther's and Esther
feeds this luxury sandwiches like not
just a cheese sandwich like mozzarella
and bass or sun-dried tomato submerges
and the girls play it's really nice so
that's what - I'm gonna write her
address on it these things are so cool
like this you just fold them over not
only on your face and then it's all done
good morning it's a Tuesday and it's
about half past eight and I'm feeling
particularly ambitious today I'm going
to try and get a thousand words returned
and a video filmed before all my guests
arrive at about half finish so wish me
luck that's orbit but he's not really in
the mood to play they'll come out soon
when they get you see Ethan
what I haven't really convey probably is
that everyone's here so you know Emma's
here Katie's here Rennie's here LA - you
down there keep it up sister Josie but
all of them filming is the cat's I've
just stopped caring about humans you're
my right side - yeah yeah yeah so Ethan
do you like the kittens let me get back
one thing we're leaving the kittens a
bit of rest and we're loading all the
kids up and we're going to soft play so
they can just go crazy and we as the
mums are gonna have a bit of like a
brainstorming session off a blog vlog
and insert all that poster
oh hi
in other words really love to be and I'm
there like rubbing my stomach
what's the big one the big one yes
look at
she was a baby like two seconds ago it's
got a lot higher she won't get here soon
strikes an audience
cool
oh really pink oh my god what's going on
it's been ages since I last filmed had a
really nice dinner John does his hair
he'll wash put it to bed now I've really
printed out a little popcorn pop soda
popcorn and we're going to watch The
Handmaid's Tale if we can find it and
relax
I realize this is a horrible angle about
what you propped up on an ornament again
it's Josie's first day back at school
this morning and I was watching everyone
do all that give it back things and that
is it my person that blog posts and
being super emotional and I was saying
I'm not just not that emotional like
she's going into year two we've done
this before
I know what I'm doing I know all the
parent all the teachers everything's
fine but weirdly this morning I am
feeling a bit like come on baby I'm also
working it I can't hear out this there
so if I'm talking about way that's why I
don't know Clara no I'm telling you this
is that this is the stuff you need this
is the globe Mac soft and gentle I have
actually washed my brushes since the
last time we spoke but you wouldn't be
able to tell which so yeah she's going
to school she's downstairs having some
breakfast
I like labeled all the school uniform I
don't know why why do you feel emotional
about it I think it's because this is
the last time I'll be taking her to
school as an only child and then next
year when she starts you three should
have a little sister no I'm also last
night
I like went into a room or to sleep for
a while I was like oh I love these
summer we've had to get there and all
our little adventures usually have much
bigger summers than this and we travel
but I haven't booked lots of day trips
and picnics and the park and snowballs
and read books and it's just it's so
lovely
my pony out when I'm coming back and I'm
going to spend the day let me put my
hair back again I'm going to spend the
day off my feet because my back has been
really playing I've had a really lovely
bath it really really helped alleviate
it and then I went to bed and had loads
of like support pillows and that really
really helped I think I've just been
overdoing it a bit but it's been writing
up starting we're done like a zillion
play dates and stuff playing yada yada
say and rather than go to London today
just going to chill out who'sa to chill
out and edit some videos I've got stored
up so I'm going up tonight actually not
your tonight because your tomato some
day but went the whole Wednesday for you
and right so however you want to hear
that the milestone in the book battled a
battle not some not calling myself a pig
boy let's see let's see can we just get
away with a bit of fish is it yes okay
bit of lipstick I think we're very
presentable for the school gates further
let's let's choose a lipstick now I
don't want to go too bold maybe this one
it's a nice one yes okay it is too bold
I had to put about 45 layers on because
I had so much lip balm on that it just
kept sliding about so now now I do look
too bold
I look aggressive almost I'd be like
good morning good morning everybody good
morning and yeah okay let's do this
I brought the kittens up to help me
right but you're not really helping me
it's so cute
so this one here's orbit and that one
curve there is milky what do you doing
what are you doing
they play like this all day if they're
not sleeping they're playing they're
never just chill the time it's about
accuracy
let me know if you know what that's from
is 12 minutes past 3:00 there it is
trust me I'm having a break I've been
having a break for ages actually had a
plumber coax my showers broken about
that and I'm going to redo my main
bathroom to be like my old one which I
bloody love and how does deliveries I'm
so excited
I've started Christmas shopping now I
realize is in September
but we have a lot of kiddie Winx in our
family and so I've started just buying
little stocking stuffers and some of
them are so freaking at gorgeous so the
first one I'm really really excited
about sure to get this package there
I'll take it out just a little bit so
for one of my cousins
okay she's a preteen I bought these for
her and they are mermaid makeup brushes
I don't think these are like the best
quality brushes you'll ever get in your
life I absolutely love Real Techniques
they're the ones I use all the time but
if you're like the preteen or a teenager
or are you just really freaking like
mermaids at my friends Kayle Kayle if
you're watching let me know I hate them
and for all of these there's loads of
them one two three four five six seven
eight like ten ten twelve about ten a
nine pound something I really wanna keep
this myself and for her I also picked
her up some chunky unicorn at glitter
there we go and I really like it because
it's got like the actual big chunks I've
always thought oh I'll just use craft
glitter but this is the kind of stuff
that you like for body glitter and stuff
you would like put on your face and body
and when I got it recommended a glue to
use with it so I just bought that glue
like there's like the blue is like a
pound this was like under five I'm not
entirely sure for Daphne and her
four-year-old cousin I bought galaxy
slime because as we discovered last week
kids love slime look at that I won't
take outs it's for them but galaxy slime
galaxy slime
it is so slimy and galaxy and so I just
bought two of those I'm not focused on
trim how much would I have I'll just
link everything below and then if you
want to see how much it is you can go
but I haven't spent very much at all
because these are just little stocking
stuffers and I bought a fidget cute
I freaking hate fidget spinners everyone
loves them there's something about them
I think is because they I started
singing around when I was just nearly
pregnant everything made me feel sick of
seeing those little things was around
whoa the motion of it but I bought to
fidget phoebs one for Liam and one may I
try it out actually and it's these
little cubes these little cubes that
have like this little choice if they're
these buttons to push this is always
round like Liam is always always about
satisfying what's on that one little
Robbie um yeah Liam always try that
spins around that is satisfying
he's a fidgeter I'm at 52 to because I
have a little cloth I like to stroke in
the evenings I'm at first your woman I
said she have a snuggly I like sneak it
L says her to such a rub it really
gently Liam's always like fiddling it
drives me mad like she distraction was
like stop eat like he like doesn't chew
his hands or he'll like nerds are too
trusting that sounds like right I'm
getting you one of these it's super
cheap as well sounds like good then I'll
get you that oh look click spin flip
glide roll breathe that rubbery one is
just three all right she's just rubbing
whatever so got one of those for me as
well what's this what is this
hilarious Linton oh this is our Wiener
weird
I bought some super cheap e
battery-operated lights on that to
switch out for Halloween or might
Darcy's room or anywhere really but
they're gonna glow orange for Halloween
season and I think it's going to be a
makeup brush set my other cousin is a
teenager a little slut bag not the best
quality felt but look at these will you
please they are beautiful I'm not a fan
of unicorns anyway the uniform for me
anyway I've got six year old but if it's
done like we've been to beautiful party
beautiful cakes beautiful everything
that these really nice like iridescent
the long twirly handles I didn't focus
their conflict oh there we go
and then as the beautiful rose gold and
then the white a won't touch it because
going on someone else's face but that
does look really nice too catches the
lights all pearly pearlized finish oh
that's lovely
I don't know that I would give it in
this circus I don't think that this
pouch is very nice little bit oh well my
father loves them so these are the
brushes I love think I love these the
most i might actually buy some these
god really happy with that little little
holy haul feel like I did good on I got
some good good little unique finds there
and how it's that much money and if you
want some I'll link it below if you
don't know about uh I've got a complaint
I've just opened this packet of crisps
regular sized packet of crisps I've not
had
single crisp out of it how many are in
it please what is that about look it
means that you're there why not just
make the packets like that why do they
make packets so bloodied so much bloody
bigger oh what's all that for
what is that what is that actually for
please Walker's to explain it's almost
midnight and I have cried hard Becky oh
sorry I'll turn the camera on leaves
coming up I'm gonna end it here for
today see so many upset because I was
just enjoying her company into the
teacher and she has also it's not like
Claire who's a teacher here at the film
all the time because I've known her for
ages and ages
yeah Bob I you get it bill
good morning good morning
so orbit is obsessed with this it's on
my camera good morning is that what you
would like I'm thrilled because I have
broken the 10,000 word mark on my book
and once you've done that first 10,000
ah that is my hand
it gets bit easier it's very hard to
work when you're here little because
yeah you look cute
oh you are savaging me you are a little
Savage yes yes there's your brother
Oh going give him a little kiss or
Savage Jim good morning it's Friday it's
not actually the morning it's about
lunchtime and I haven't vlogged yet
today obviously as you can tell um I
just felt a bit shit today to be honest
with you um I've been feeling quite not
nice about myself physically for a while
actually since I got pregnant really and
then this morning I read some comments
that people have left on my video I did
about a pregnant day out or night it
went to the trending page which is
always dangerous and then everyone was
like why is this trending she's
obviously paid for it to be done I was
like one if I could pay for that to be
done I'd be trending number one every
week - I obviously haven't paid for this
video I don't know how the algorithm
works but
sometimes stuff goes on the trending
page and it's always quite good when it
does because it means you get more views
but sometimes not and then you only want
to give it like I don't want to give
haters attention but people were just
saying really unpleasant things like who
would want to get her pregnant and OH
two babies by two daddies oh she's
obviously just doing it for the benefits
which made me long that it's just like
unless it's about that people are saying
really horrible things about my way and
I've been seeing things like that for a
while now and the truth of the matter is
hello and the truth of the matter is I
am bigger than it was last year I am and
I think I just was really happy and
comfortable in a nice relationship but
we were like cozying up with a sofa like
eating yummy food together and I just
will say Darcy doesn't know Co separate
meals like I could forever L in the day
and she's like beautiful as ever but I
have fun wait I'm gonna got pregnant I'm
trying a wall wait it's just not nice
when people point it out because it's
true
hang on I'm very hormonal as well
obviously it just makes me feel a bit
worthless I'm like even though I know
not to listen to people but things like
that sometimes you do it sometimes it
does like get through a crack and it
does sink in sometimes and did you think
I am just I am disgusting or I am this
around so I'm not going to dwell on it
I'm not going to think it all day but
this is like a blog of the week and when
I look back next year I'm like you know
what almost logs in my pregnancy stuff
this is the thing that I felt this week
so there we are I said it now no point
dwelling on it we've arrived at Rushton
Lakes his is not happy
Louis heads like it's that John Lewis
who drove me like where John Lewis it's
like this house of Fraser's like it's
not true Lewis she's like well
someone told me it was a journalist or
swear but we're just gonna go and have a
wander round and not going to have the
frisbee sofas no it's not
you don't think house afraid that were
lovely so first do you the plan was to
buy a sofa today or at least research
sofas but what's happened is have ended
up in Primark a new one picked up some
hideous if you didn't know Vicky has
alopecia
she wears a variety works here we go
right I dare you to walk around the shop
with that on like that we're like in our
30s yeah by date bit so ready
no not another one I'm not gonna walk
with you these are just the most handy
things in all the world I'm gonna buy
all of them Vicky was just like why did
it get hot and I was like I can't get
hats because my head is too big right
look I'm telling you my head is like a
giant egg here let me hold this down and
explain Oh
don't run
I mean it goes on so stretchy but I like
it but you made me put bow on my head
this though this is very me look nephew
of stars yes you can win her all sort
soft like a kitchen this is a bit jolly
isn't it at the Coach bag
it's very scratchy it like exfoliate the
farms in your hands I don't really need
this but just want you to enjoy that
visual yeah got an exciting update for
you okay what about the non unicorn just
can't funny unicorn now we're not your
birthday and homework sections not I
think it was like it's been they should
scrap all the boy stuff
sorry not sorry that's what I want to
say to the people that horrible thing
for my videos running sorry
sandwich selection we are
morning when I was alive
and home as you can see I would not be
out of the bathroom Oh Jim Jonsin
dressing gown
it's about six o'clock Liam has gone out
on a big night out I want to go big and
I was led to go out for dinner with
Hannah Witton tonight they're very
lovely had a with him but I'm still just
feeling a bit bare today so I said I'm
ever so sorry I don't think oh well I
think I'm going to just pop something in
the oven and keep my jim-jams on and
watch some TV and play with my cats and
just chill out sometimes think you just
need to take a little bit of time to
yourself to have some like chill time
which is what I'm going to do and next
week I'll show you the color of my
knowledge I'm making it down now from
down there it will divide you some more
like it and someone be like good God
like some people still are upset by
painted a wall in my kitchen pink like
Oh cringe I'm like oh god I worry so
I'll show you that next week and I still
haven't tried out my acyl stuff so I'll
do that next week as well um lots of
stuff happening next week actually
so do tune back for that and I hope that
you've enjoyed this vlog I think it's
gonna be alone they're always a half an
hour 20 minutes often about me okay that
is the end loads of links below for you
for all the parcels have had this week
my god had a lot of parcels and the
kitchen videos and all sorts of things
okay
let's chat more vlog finish love you
lots
please be friendly in the comments
thanks for watching bye
