good morning lovely people I decided to
vlog this weekend I was going to put up
another video on Tuesday but I've moved
that back to Thursday I'm going to put a
vlog up instead I know a lot of you guys
have been asking whether I've cut down
officially to just two videos a week it
wasn't really an official thing after
vlogmas i just wanted to chill out with
the uploads it's three a week it sucks
so different to a week it really makes
you feel like you have so much more
stuff to do
mute this TV and so I've just been doing
one on Tuesday and Sunday and I've been
really enjoying it and being able to get
ahead but sometimes I'll put one up and
Thursday I was finding that my videos on
Thursday weren't getting very good views
and when you put so much effort into a
video it's quite frustrating when you
feel like people aren't watching it as
much as they do on other days so I'm
playing around with it this week rg3 but
I probably will stick to two most the
time so I'm going to vlog this weekend
do you mind if ever Lockridge me very
richest best friend is coming down for
the weekend and we've got a couple of
things planned actually we haven't
really got that much blind so I just
thought I'd blog I haven't done like a
weekend vlog in a while I need to have
some breakfast before nee becomes rich
the absolute weirdo is eating leftover
meatballs turkey meatballs for breakfast
it's like 10 o'clock sick absolutely
sick I'm going to have to is measly
still very much what don't you do make
it yeah I'm gonna have some Bircher
muesli that I made at the beginning of
the week yeah there's a little bit left
looks good let's smell it smells good
this is what I'm wearing today I've
actually put my hair up in like a half
pony which I don't think I've done
before and I'm wearing this sweater from
Urban Outfitters it says oh hi there and
I'm on my new ASOS jeans with my address
trainers and I'm wearing stripy socks
because I just don't want cold ankles
and I feel like I can get away with it
because ok so we're just waiting for
Nero to arrive and then this morning
we're going to go meet Debs
and pull and go to Deb's as dad's bakery
so the bakeries in East London it's
called ring cops bakery and they've had
it in their family for like 150 years so
it's amazing delicious baked goods so
we're going to go and scoff our faces
basically hey we're in Whitechapel now
and we're head
- wrinkles bakery and out here nice half
and the tool boys are walking ahead
seriously cool makes me very sick short
and I run back over the 6th - leeze look
wrinkles bakery this way here's the
bakery rink off the famous for their
amazing bagels and crow dough's which is
like a doughnut and a not a comput cross
on we're going to have a look around in
the bakery I mean what it smells amazing
brioche buns
mmm mmm oh my god Anna would die and so
much bread everywhere we're gonna walk
through Brick Lane out here - red shirt
Street I was there yesterday I found
this shop I really really like Harley my
brother called now
hi-yah something ate and that everything
soaks kits eighth and everything was
made kashmir and they're like really
cool shapes and there's a shirt that i
just haven't stopped thinking about this
yesterday so my go take a look and
mobile all goats Butterfield's Gracie
just recreating our day in the naked we
have such a nice time
rich mix we're just on red Church Street
now which is where all the cool shops
are I love it it really reminds you of
like the Meatpacking District in New
York my hair was that the show yeah
this is the shop get a to see that I
went into yesterday and I want to go
into again look how pretty it is this is
the shirt that I'm going to try on I
really like it because it is detailed
but expensive so let's see the looks
good
I mean Urban Outfitters now I'm trying
to keep it like this
we lost the boys they went to a park me
and then lost the mobile offices and I
were wandering around actually back in
Bay Nelson I'm in here party often but
Deb's is love in the glasses those for
Joyce you you're like okay that's
already shot they see you they're blue
they're interesting some the great time
and these are the clip-on things you can
clip onto the glasses to make them
sunglasses I have these they're amazing
oh those really see you in a pub weather
today is so bad as making it really not
enjoyable to walk around London just
advised to Deb's and Paul and we were
going to go to home slices then we
realize the Schumer's air here and you
guys never been to Shoom so we're going
to go there and have like a late lunch
early dinner kind of thing I'm so hungry
hot wait we got chicken tikka rice wars
over there and slaw and there's
something else coming I think the
shooting was delicious as usual anywhere
did you like your first assumed
experience
just looking around box Park I've coming
through the one-piece door and there's a
marble onesie
oh my god I need this in my life
Dipti keel
oh really cool oh what's that
don't ask oh my gosh look at these
doughnuts and there's many ones that'll
I'd be saying that we need in London
mini donuts
we're getting a selection of six of the
mini donuts nivas gone for the pink one
in a bar in a happy hour your faces are
so pink in his life
oh it these are all super long and
without and the houses carpet
music already how about it
Samantha just be a day out but it turned
into a night out now we're gonna go find
JC some food well JB he's a hungry one
so we're going to go to the urban food
festival which is like an outdoor food
market in Shoreditch yeah why do you
want inspired that says I I strike that
it is lost
oh wait that's not it I don't know what
that is no that's not it
it's a via the super cinders all right
going to dirty burger instead I say he
like I'm not gonna get anything you're
right you so you're gonna get so dirty
I've just been cry laughing in the taxi
home I completely forgot to vlog it but
neva was giving me and rich a wedding
quiz of like a how well do we know each
other she's so funny I didn't know which
is favorite number I didn't know which
is star sign you didn't know mine either
twofer now I know you're scorpion
watching I am terriers
yeah make me laugh a lot the cab driver
was enjoying it I thought to show you
guys what I got them today I'm really
excited about these things actually Oh
Ritchie close the door my love doesn't
need to hear you we this gray high neck
top is from Urban Outfitters it's cheap
Monday it's really nice and thick and I
tried it on it really nice this grey top
is also from Urban Outfitters it's
really like slouchy and comfortable it's
got like a nice low Z and then I also
got this from cause and I was going to
get it in the black or the navy blue I
tried on the pink just for size and I
actually really liked the pink I never
wear the sort of color it's like a blush
pink it's basically a really nice thick
sweater and then it's got this like
shirt section that's attached to it
which looks like it's gonna get really
Creasy
but it's so pretty I really really like
that and I also put some nice socks and
cause because I really like that sock
this is our collection of photos for our
flat and this is the one that nivo took
today and he hates it I think it's good
you do look like you're missing two arms
though we want to know what the
difference teen digestives and rich tea
because last time I got rich tea this
time we got there Justin and they're
just not as good as rich tea so if
anyone could tell me what the
differences in terms of ingredients and
how bad they offer you because I'd say
you've made a hand gesture means
anything what the rich to you better
how healthy difference no I think that
they're equally taste great but you have
two issues one logistics
see wise oh these are a bit more like
fillings no in terms of dipping oh it's
got the wonder if you shouldn't sketch
okay so PA k was rich to Swan dips
because it should be quick oh yeah for
they my foot apart yes is the risk you
ever they go
hit me again yeah so let's change which
to Zeke was one digested weekly dipping
but Ricky's taste better it made neither
makeshift bed on the sofa I'm gonna end
flogging here but I will vlog again
tomorrow so I'll see you guys in the
morning
all right so night rich night enjoy I
will go - morning guys it's just too
early to show you my face but we're
making a fire this is what happens when
guests are here
I'm cutting mushrooms which is opening
the baked beans and the bacon and the
eggs and we're just gonna cook a lot of
yummy stuff the boys are hungover I'm
just tired hungover
garlic for breakfast hmm-hmm eros I wish
treasure than your face that is rich as
hungover face
I'm actually hungover yeah whatever
whatever I've drank you woke up we're
like first degree in a mini macintosh'
broke it up yeah I told you that last
night I looked honest really the last
thing I told you put a bed mini just
text me looking for any one information
for outfits going well despite the
incident with me not washing the
mushrooms I'm just finishing up my
makeup my hair's up obviously because
it's Sunday and it's always greasy by
Sunday and before I finish my makeup and
do my mascara I wanted to show you guys
this mascara because I'm loving it at
the moment
it's the Estee Lauder sumptuous knockout
for so I love the packaging as I waited
and amazing but this is so good for days
where you want slightly more natural
lashes but they really define and make
them really long let me see if I can
show you the brush this is the brush so
it's like one of those plasticky ones
but it's so so good I love it I'm
wearing Clinique lipliner in intense
blush which is really nice contra see in
this light you see better now
I'm gonna clap my makeup today actually
I try I wish I just make an effort with
my makeup when my hair is looking grumpy
I'll show you what I am wearing today
so this is the new top I bought from
Urban Outfitters yesterday which I love
the fit and the thickness of it it's so
comfortable
and I'm really enjoying the high neck at
the moment and these are my Asus jeans
I'm going to wear with my trainers and
my little frizzy hair bits at the back
here that is my accessory of the day I'm
also going to wear my bomber and my
strophe of slotland bag and I think
we're ready to go we're gonna pop around
my parents to pick up my mom and a
fold-up chair for dinner tonight random
and I think going into town I think
we're gonna go show my mom a potential
groom outfit for rich so I won't be
vlogging that but then I will vlog again
afterwards and all the bits in between
and tonight we're going around to offer
and Gemma and Benz for dinner with Deb's
and Paul who we saw yesterday so twice
and one weekend great love it and really
looking forward to dinner we found
ourselves by Carnaby Street so we're
going to go to Qing Yi Court see if you
can find somewhere to have some lunch to
be like anything healthy after that for
lunch was delicious and now going to
head to Liberty I go her some Rococo
chocolate almonds because she loves
almonds and back at my parents house now
and apparently my mom said I've got
loads of clothes left in this room I
feel like if I haven't worn them by now
they're probably not clothes I miss that
much so I'm gonna quickly go through
them and just check there's nothing I
want before she gets rid of them think
they're in here oh god this is all like
random summer clothes I was looking for
this Lakers top okay I'm gonna go
through all of this now and see if
there's anything that I actually want
Harden in shorts turns out there's not
much stuff I actually want from that top
drawer a few things here that I'm taking
second drawer done absolutely nothing
kept this is all like nice stuff but I
just don't wear anymore so that my
sisters and my cousin literate and then
everything else go into the charity shop
just checking out my mom's handbag
collection she actually uses this to
hang her handbags on the back of her
door in some urban outfits as I actually
ordered it to use in my bathroom but I
found that you couldn't close the door
because it's like this but she never
closes a virgin door anyway so she uses
this to hang all her bags which I think
looks pretty cool I don't know if I've
ever shown you guys these photos of my
parents house of like our family I feel
like I haven't really even acknowledged
that these are here I always forget but
there's some really good wedding photos
and now I'm getting married I look at
them in a whole different light these
are Mike this is my dad's mom and dads
my grandparents neither of them are
alive anymore but how amazing is this
photo look at her wedding dress and the
guys flowers I mean that is super posh
and then this is mom is this your aunt
no that's my dense that's my dad that's
that's my grandpa he's no longer alive
so that's my grandpa and his sisters
that's my grandpa's mom my
great-grandmother they make you doubt
the whisper they made all their clothes
themselves apparently I mean look how
cute my grandpa is but it's so sweet
looks bit like ASA
looks a lot like a so actually yes if I
look at his hats to go her oops not
focusing okay and then
I have no idea who all these other
people are that's my grandma's dad so my
great grandpa that honey hardy see how
do you end up with these photos mom god
this one pops who pops mom so my
grandpa's mom and dad my
great-grandparents that was my grandpa
looking very dapper and this is one of
my favorite photos ever that's my
grandma my grandpa my grandpa is wearing
a swimming costume
I mean that's obviously the style what
was this like 40s 30s I mean look how
cool that is as the best photo ever I
just got home to a ticket it's a parent
I drove into the congestion zone when I
really didn't realize they had it's
really not clear if your car should look
beep or something so now I owe 65 pounds
and if I don't pay it within 14 days it
goes up to 195 pounds did I did it
affect anyone by going looking just Josh
did I hire anyone yeah congestion did I
congest anyone their friends just said
do you want some Nutella yes I do this
is that cable that will make you feel
better it's quarter to five now and
we're going out at 7:00 tonight at Carly
balls wash my hair it's only friends so
I'll just do that tomorrow but I think
I'm going to use the next couple of
hours to sort out my wardrobe because
I've been buying loads of new things
recently actually I'll show you guys
because I will show you these are the
culottes I bought from Topshop the other
day
very scary purchase but I liked them and
then actually I think you saw the other
things that I bought yesterday but with
all these nice new things I feel like my
wardrobe is just a bit like they're not
I want it just be beautiful so I'm going
to sort through my wardrobe because I
like to do that every now and again and
just throw away or not throw away but
give to charity and sisters and friends
stuff that I'm not wearing anymore I
don't know why I'm choosing to do it now
but I fancy doing it now I might get
bored halfway through but first thing
I'm going to do is uncheck onto my bed
because this is the stuff that I never
touch and so I feel like if it's sitting
under here it's not getting worn so I'm
going to go through my shoes and I'm
going to go through all of this rubbish
here and sort out
I've got some really thin strappy summer
tops I think I still like in the summer
so I'm going to keep them and I've got
Christmas jumpers I loved this one this
year I don't want to get rid of it I
think I might still like it next year
and Rich's Christmas jumpers here as
well so I think want to keep these I
think it's a bit of a habit of mine to
hold fancy dress things like these
Minnie Mouse ears or this bandanna and
disco pants that I never wear I think
it's like the uni girl in me that thinks
oh I might need this for fancy dress I
don't even remember the last time I went
to a fancy dress party but it is very
annoying when you get invited to like a
Disney themed party or a pirate party
and you think oh I really should have
kept those Minnie Mouse ears or bandanna
so I'm going to keep them oh my gosh I'm
so happy I found this and I was talking
recently about how she is kept or her
like important clothing items throughout
the years so like the dress she wore to
her music starts all the gesture was a
graduation I was like all that
centralised thing to do I should have
done that this is the dress I wore to
graduation so I obviously did do that as
well I just forgot so this is a Topshop
dress size 12 haven't changed good good
to know Silla size 12 yeah this is the
dress I wore to my graduation and it's
like white and floaty I actually still
like it I would still wear it but I'm
gonna keep this just in case my daughter
thinks like oh I want to see what you
watch your graduation it was a big day I
was very proud of myself so I will this
with black tights and heels yeah I'm
doing well so far
this is rich si he's got a few pairs of
shoes and some like sporty clothes and
socks and stuff and then he's got a big
bag it's gonna go there and then these
are my summer clothes that it's just for
like when it's really hot and when I go
away Christmas jumpers there I'm going
to go through these shoes in a minute
and then I've just kind of got like
Travel packing bags to fit in I think
I've shown you this before but I like to
take pearloid pictures of the shoes that
are in the box I don't know if I'll keep
updating this as the shoes change but
for now it kind of works I just slip it
there and then when I put the shoe box
over there I can see what's in it I
realized that I wasn't really wearing
the shoes in the box so what I've done
is put in like my summer sandals and
stuff in the box but my other shoes I've
just laid out like this so I can easily
grab I need I've got my Topshop boots my
Steve Madden boots my June boots most
Madden's whistles shoes Topshop peels
off its shoes and converse and then
there's a few trainers in the other room
okay I think that's pretty much done I
just need to put my camera bag on top of
Rich's bag there this is all the stuff
that I'm going to get rid of or give
away these shoes I didn't end up wearing
them as much as I thought I would but
you know that happens someone else will
enjoy them I'm sure and some damn shorts
and other stuff that doesn't fit me just
sorting out my wardrobe so I've done all
of these things that hanging checks all
those clothes and I don't want to do
this jumper I love that this is hungry
but I never wear it because it's so high
net and tight around the neck and like
huge on the arms most unflattering thing
ever so I don't actually wear it so I
think I'm going to have to get rid of it
this is also one of those items I'm
going to try and keep because this
finally enough was a t-shirt I was
wearing on the day that rich proposed to
me Miki's burgers t-shirt so whenever I
wear it I normally to wear home because
it's kind of scruffy I just think Oh
memories so try to keep this one as well
this is my entire jeans collection I
have two pairs of black Jamie jeans
exactly the same but I just wear them so
often is worth having two and then one
pair of black Jamie jeans have rips in
them that are more faded then I've got
some river Ireland I think they're
called Ashley jeans and my new a sauce
like boyfriend jeans and then I've got a
pair of just blue Jamie jeans and
another pair of blue Jamie genes that
have rips in them so kind of one of
every type of jean that you'll need
really this is all the stuff I'm going
to give away I think I've done really
well because I thought that all the
stuff I had in my flat as opposed to my
parents place was all like new good
stuff but really I just don't wear some
of these things ever even though they
might some of them might be quite new I
just feel that there's no point having
them cluttering up space someone else
could enjoy them instead okay I'm ready
to go out I am way my ripped Jamie jeans
and the new top that I got from Urban
Outfitters I love this really amazing
something from the white company it's
all nice lunch in comfy I actually got
it in the small and never small on
anything so we're boob has nice pockets
I'm wearing this really pretty whistles
necklace which has like marble detail on
it
and that that's all really I don't know
how much tonight I'll vlog because I
don't want to be that friend that's like
filming when we all just want to chill
but saying that it's Debs in Poland
jammer and Ben who love being on camera
and a very relaxed but whole vlogging
thing so if I remember to vlog oh well
if I'm just having too much of a good
time then I probably won't but we're not
ending yet so don't worry we're having
to bring a chair to Penn and Gemma's for
dinner small flat problems when you
don't have enough chairs for your guests
we have exactly the same thing
look how cute this is Gemma's made as a
joke yeah button Jeb is made a Papa nice
table with flowers and collected yet oh
that's gonna say the names for from them
this is one of the day special oh one of
the wedding presents so I said yes
I don't know that's annoying what's this
for starter caramelized onion goats
cheese and caramelized fake Tom mmm
right at my street very much what are
those wooden spoon hey that's my wedding
I would love to a night we had lovely
dinner
look at chairman Ben's wedding right
Nick she can't even see that I'm
vlogging it there we go nice day there
everybody but I need it I need it expect
fun on that I don't know
is it bad what it is in life I'm looking
at here thanks for dinner I literally
walked into the flat and got straight
into my pajamas by had such nice evening
dinner was really nice catching up with
everyone and now I have to take all my
washing out the washing machine and hang
it on the clotheshorse
so great fun way to end the evening I'm
really looking forward to go to sleep
though if you guys would like to I've
put all my vlogs into a playlist I know
I love watching playlist on YouTube
because they they just play one after
the other when I'm like clear in my room
and stuff so if you want to click on
this video here I have linked up all my
previous vlogs if you want to watch that
and I really hope you guys enjoyed this
video I will see you on Thursday because
I've got three videos this week so don't
forget to come back Thursday 6:30 p.m.
UK time and there'll be a new video then
so thanks for watching see you guys in
the next one
ah
