good morning my little beauties I have
got this morning what I call my tired
little puffy eyes I've spent for going
on four days now in London and I've been
driving to inform London time spent like
seven hours and my eyes are very tired I
call it the first that leads about eight
hours sleep at least I have not been
getting that and this is what happened
my face tends to get a little bit
swollen so um today I am vlogging
because we are going to Dave and I are
going to win Melbourne and it's so
exciting Dave is a massive massive
tennis fan I love the tennis and we've
brought centre court tickets so we're
going on with Evian and just going to
have the most amazing day the sun is
shining and we're going to head down
we're just waiting for the uber to
arrive and Dave's taking the dogs to
walk I'm going to do a get ready with me
for the makeup that I've got and which
is going up on Sunday because I wore the
same makeup for a date night so I'm not
going to repeat it in this video but I
wanted to show you a little bit of what
I've got cuz I literally love this
foundation oh man I've been wearing
almost every day so that's why I had a
shower I do a lot of shower shots in my
videos because I really look forward to
getting in the shower and using all the
products but everyone's like that so I'm
not going to give you a shower shop for
this one for those of you that hate that
and but I am going to show you really
quickly what I've used because Jo Malone
has brought out this new shower gel and
it amazing I got the shower this morning
it's lime basil and Mandarin and it's an
exfoliating shower gel has realized that
I needed it this morning and if you guys
love the lime basil mandarins now
literally I used on my hair GNC which
again needs a wash because it was
looking greasy and these Bramley shampoo
and conditioners and when they come into
focus they are amazing I look to them at
first I actually got send these and I
was like not sure open the bottle
Oh My lordy Lord it's literally amazing
and they are made like with British
countryside and ingredients and their
lemon Mandarin and rosemary oh my gosh
my hair
smells ridiculous it is amazing
David like walking for your hair I
suppose so lemony like so dies and into
little bits makeup I've used the bare
minerals SPF 15 foundation and which is
mineral makeup and I'm going to put this
in my get I do with me and but I've just
been loving mineral makeup because I've
been breaking out quite a lot and it
just feels like I'm wearing nothing and
on weeks like this where I'm quite hot
and I'm traveling that to and from my
skin gets so bad and I just love it and
it's actually giving me a better
coverage than my normal foundation and
so I'm going to take that with me to top
it up and then it's Wimbledon and it's
sunny and I went a little bit of a glow
and I've used the drops of glow
illuminator by the body shop I love body
shop makeup I love all their
illuminators and highlighters and
they're really pretty so I just put a
couple of drops on which is actually
really really nice so that's my makeup
and I'm going to take you guys to
Wimbledon let's go have some
strawberries and PIM I'm just going to
fill my outfit for today so I'm not sure
if I'm going to get chance to show you
at Wimbledon and I have gone for I was
going to say Wimbledon pink it's not
Wimbledon think it's kind of Evie amping
I'm literally dressed in every egg
colors which is acid a little bit by
active in fact I'm all-in been good I've
got an oasis dress on and and a bag
which I got this is actually a sauce own
and I've got my June wedges on which I
have worn almost every single event and
then I've got the Juicy Couture bracelet
and my Daniel Wellington watch which I
have been also wearing all the time with
a love it and invisible just my hair
because if it gets too hot when bored
and ready
that's good
and our train is delayed or in pensive
time up those dots for a clock wise mind
bigger than yours does they run out soy
milk and felt sorry
Oh today so many today oh my collection
is you got a larger room while mom's
getting cold
I saw a chai latte with soy milk which
is my favorite
anyway oddly days on because it looks
really badly - I'm laughing
we cut a big tree down and it was like
I'm allergic sake usual and we've done
in 400 and then we had a reaction as I
didn't believe them and then just sat on
the tree has given him an opponent's
give me permits cough it's actually been
a car so I know it is actually really
fast man
yeah I've got like two trends or
inventory day everything was this is
Dave trying to my vlog like hey now
remember the reactor are in London we
made it and yet we're here and we are
infinitive I'm a few hours until it's
done I want to stop and have a drink at
the champagne involved the car looks
prettier is what I know sobriety invited
Rick we're going to the pub for a gin
and tonic interfere that seems really
like doing for a bit more relaxed family
they're going for a pre drink 11 o'clock
what two hours and slips art that's one
of my favorite statues ever I don't
think you'll fit I'll show you when we
get close it's like a couple embracing
here was everybody wanna go
these guys dance some trouble that
everybody has attained save is fucking
in Oh Michael skies how pristine this is
look it opens I'm so nice and they've
got a little mini table tennis this is
literally the most at first I want to
share second of all is it every other
wall also George that you can just pull
out a water when you would world how
amazing is that but we we stocked up on
water and I'm going to get myself a
teeny little Tim eleven conceived in
special so quickly I found the sweet
shop oh my god I'm having all the sweet
has a visible sweet job that those are
kids I'm making all of these on court
so just heading sent court and where
Andy Murray is saying he's actually
started but I saw that we're lucky that
we made it here on time and the flowers
newspaper City
they've loaded up west of him I spun up
to me there
we just got out and very much
oh dear what happened I have an ID for
happen looks like just really injured
and that he was amazing and yet he just
looked really tired and got madness I
think there was a mate hold of it he
means the holiday was amazing on Seneca
was very cozy and now we're going to
have last movie if there's any laughs
and then siddur is on a silent course
another box and we just want to get a
little bit of food I've heard there's a
gluten-free opportunity I like racing
just
so we are leaving and going back to
Natyam and we're going to go and find
some food Federer just one alternative
oi it was amazing and it's just so
beautiful and so stunning and I know
what are these wilderness without
amazing we're going to try and find some
dinner and both miss is quite hungry
they will have na sees me at lunch
it's happen ask oh my gosh so good to be
back home we ended up going to one of
our favorite places and knotting it
which is a curry house Lagoon oh it's so
good and had some yummy food
she's can be bothered to go out for
dinner in London's we came home and just
now I'm exhausted I have to be on a 6:30
train again back to London tomorrow
oh so I'm going to love you and leave
you guys because I literally I wanna
fall asleep before ending this vlog I
really hope you enjoyed Rin wooden like
white as the moon Wilden and yeah I'll
see you guys in 2030
