morning guys
or I guess I should say hey man uh
please you're probably wondering if I've
uploaded this video to the wrong channel
but I haven't I decided I'd give login
stay in the live type thing for this
channel and send my other ones for
change nothing too much is happening
state so chill day so weekend dog home
so the weekdays are very much busy busy
lots of stuff happening but weekends are
just full funded conduct family I
usually do do a little bit work but at
the weekends and I get it Tom to myself
which my to get to get ready here in the
bedroom which I'm about to do now
whereas usually I get ready in the
living room on the floor with the liner
next to me involved in around town and
trying to steal my makeup I don't get to
talk you through it really it's just my
usual if I don't do many em get ready
with me because are you send was driver
the same makeup that I've used for years
and if nothing is you're interested
I always keep my makeup very simple I
teamed up with Zoe to collaborate with
them on this video and very our grandma
I've bought things from for the last I
don't know three four years those
regularly I pull stuff from them at the
bedroom that you see in the background
like the actual closes do they and match
of detectives and all of that as I'm
very I have like Mike's and hard drives
and stuff from them like I use them a
lot so very kindly let me pick whatever
I wanted off their website but I
upgraded a few bits in the house that
needed replacing either because they
were broken or they were just very very
old I'm also filming on a new camera
right now which are
very as well I picked out a few things
that would give my work life and my home
life a bit of a boost and upgrade so in
a way this talk will kind of have a bit
of a home within it because you'll get
to see the naughty items that I got from
very and throughout the blog and I was
rambling I'm going to get ready this
one's broken up from her nap
your hairs looking pretty I am currently
eating the most unripe banana ever
Delilah has broken art quite a lot
earlier than what she normally does from
her nap I am going to rush to get
dressed and sort my hair out so as much
as I want to stay in my snugly jumper I
should probably change because the
weather has warmed up quite a lot this
week and I've just got a few bits
together we'll get a head to the park so
I've got two LYLAS some hat some song
Queen for her and I'm going to take my
new Canon 700d with us because I've been
filming a little bit with that today
already
- camera it's a lovely sunny day we cook
weird
grab some food and then hits the park
and have a look picnic
look at how amazing their cakes look
every time I come in there looks so good
and I never get one so I think I'm going
to get some of the sweet and also sleep
grab a salad so I picked up blueberry
mascarpone slice how yummy that looks
got this salad the mixture of three
different ones as that asparagus worm as
a coleslaw and as I sweet potato cheese
one I also grabbed myself whole earth
lemonade note apparently it's the
mothers
heading home now this Delilah's naptime
and also it's very hot it gets warmer
today than I expected it's big I feel
like I'm abroad so we got home put
Delilah down for her nap she woke up
after about 20 minutes dogs taking her
outside to go play on the grass whilst I
do some emails and some edited but
before I do that I'm gonna rent myself a
coffee or with my brand spanking new
coffee machine this is our new coffee
machine so we originally had the
espresso pixie which I've had for about
three or four years now
and it was pretty much on its way out
I'll link everything in the description
letter always do anything you see be it
close via these items I'm showing you
from very anything we'll be linked in
the description and now one good thing
about this new coffee machine is that I
can actually fit these mugs underneath
it with my old machine it was a lot
smaller these bigger mugs wouldn't go
further and us back I used to have to
grab a knife and put the knife under the
coffee mug like that so it tilted it
just enough so that the coffee would go
into the mug so I love that now I can
just clip this up put my mug under oh
and with my coffee I'm going to have my
blueberry mascarpone slice thingy
honey I'm just gonna crack on with and
reply to emails just you know something
that's always gonna kind of help me with
my email yeah
we've nipped the same for you to grab it
for dinner tonight so very exciting
place
oh thank you
that's on my dragon its tail is because
July lives don't had very long naps
today dogs going to take her out in the
pram plus they go out I'm going to get
some skills are you gonna count every
time okay let's talk about my camera
upgrade quickly this is my um old one I
bought this almost four years ago now I
got the canon 600d I very rarely use the
kit lens that comes with this instead I
use my Sigma 45 mil lens but this camera
was getting very kind of old and there
was a lot of stuff that it just really
couldn't do that you really kind of want
from a camera as a vlogger so that is
why I upgraded to the Canon 700d they
look pretty much identical this one is a
little bit lighter but I cannot tell you
how glad I am that I got this for two
things mainly autofocus when film in
this camera doesn't have autofocus when
you film so that absolutely fine for the
video dry sit down and I put myself in
focus issues in my laptop and I also
wouldn't want autofocus and whilst using
this lens if I just sat here like this
talking to you guys because this lens
it's very clumpy and with the autofocus
it's really noisy so I would want it to
sat but filming things like clothes on
myself so if I did a clothing haul and I
wanted to film the clothing on me
filming that with my old camera was just
was just a no-go but now I've upgraded
to the 700d I can do that I can
autofocus I was still film and my sit
down videos with my Sigma lens because I
loved it
but earlier when I first spoke in this
video when I was doing my makeup I use
this camera with a kit lens
it was auto focusing and you can't hear
it this is so quiet this is becoming
very long-winded but basically this is
lifesaver for me it saved me so much
time when it comes to filming all my
little cutaways for my videos but the
other features I'm happy about is the
fact it has touch screen I can now touch
on the screen to what I want to focus on
which again just makes life so much
easier it makes filming so much quicker
so if I've got the camera in front of me
here I can flip the screen round and I
can just change the settings here on the
screen rather than having to fiddle
around with them here yeah it's
basically same camera but I can use
touch screen and it has autofocus while
still meant those two little things just
make my life so much easier
I'm so so happy with it I am going to
set up for film in usually I have to I
have my laptop here
plugged into my camera to then be able
to see whether I'm in focus all I have
to do now is make sure I'm sat down
where I want to set be sat down and then
tackle my face and it will focus on my
face there like that Dada
I can turn off the auto focus and I will
still be in focus except the I don't
want to also focus in with this lens
because it's noisy hit record and it
will just keep me a practice like this
so much easier apparently I'm a very
exciting at in subjective I have more
done empties video it's such a long time
that's a wrap for filming I am now going
to make a start on dinner
so with Barry I upgraded my fridge we
know how we love a new fridge and I can
fit so much more in it than I used to
with my other ones babies that's a very
Dicky swine did you ask me to change
into some much comfier clothing I'm
going to make a start on dinner and I'm
going to show you the last two things
that we recently got from very one of
them you guys have already seen if you
follow me on my blogging channel it is
this lovely which it is a retro style
Swampert check the fridge freezer like
our other one except the freezer is on
the top and we have the slightly messy
but very packed fridge along of the
bottom our old for it was just a
secondhand one that does got for that 20
pounds which was signing it did the job
but it has a massive dent hot side and
there were barely any shelves in there
and there were no drawers or anything so
you couldn't fit much in it and there's
a little bit smaller and there is no way
of really organizing bits and bobs so
I'm so much happier with this one we can
fit so much more into this fridge
freezer it's so much more organized and
yet just my last things which are also
pitching related are our juggling new
cast iron pot and pan I've always loved
cooking and so things like a good pot
and pan makes it very excited so we've
got these two they're from the same same
ground and same line I love the wooden
handles I'm actually going to use this
saw spoon tonight some and put that
there and I got them in this lovely sage
color
so I just really like what they look
like we've got them a couple of weeks
ago and I've been cooking with them
every single day
they're such good quality and then
actually nonstick it is just completely
up my cooking game I'm in a void of
cooking but I dug and I got really lazy
since their sister later came along it
got to a point where we were just go
into the supermarket every day and buy
ready meals I won Miss chicken and - if
this isn't very healthy and it's also a
lot more expensive I am going to make
this I've made this once before and it
was really quick and easy this is black
olives tomato and lentil pasta I'll pop
this recipe in the description so you
can them go through it properly I've
just popped some olive oil in there and
then tell me so far and then once I
printed up I'm going to put that mixture
in that we just blend it up now as you
can see just need to add some water you
need to bring that to boil and then once
it's boiling turn it down to simmer
also when I said I've been doing a lot
more cooking recently I really have
because I've also been I'm doing some
sort of batch batch cooking making soups
and pasta sauces and yeah I've been
there in a little bit crazy Silas with
hot sauce in business so I'm going to
finish dinner
or learning to add now on my lentils
just stirring the sauce into the pasta
do have a little bit left over some big
enough up for lunch tomorrow okay so I'm
going to talk into pasta we're going to
watch Graham Lawton before I go thanks
so much - very for collaborating with me
I'm always so grateful to work with
brands I love and use its system it's a
bonus
working with people that you love hope
you enjoyed this video and I will see
you again on this channel soon for kind
of a normal phenomenal video for this
channel it will probably be my my
empties videos took too long it's been
all cute book stir topped up for sleep
which probably stop talking some income
went to her
you
