I managed to get up pretty early again
today I woke up at about ten minutes
past seven chilled in bed for a bit on
my phone and stuff and now I've just
come downstairs and made myself the
biggest coffee in the entire world like
this is literally like a bobble and now
I'm just sitting down to edit my
birthday blog which I'm so excited for
that this is these are the kind of
moments that I absolutely love that I
daily vlog being able to walk back like
forever for the rest of my life possibly
my children's lives possibly my
grandchildren's lives we're gonna be
able to watch back my 24th birthday
because I filmed it all and I edited it
all together and I put it up put it out
there into the world online on YouTube
how sick is that that is that that is
the core that is the simplicity that
vlogging is capturing moments in my life
and being able to watch them back in the
future
and whatever one of you guys watch them
or whatever ten million of you guys
watch them that doesn't really matter
the fact that I can watch you my
children can watch it my grandchildren
can watch it my parents can watch it my
grandparents can watch yeah today's also
an extra special day for two other
reasons I'll explain why later on I
somehow need to carry all of these
microphones and this thing here to the
to the office with my laptop as well
this is not going to be good I know what
I'm like a literally smashed my iPhone
screen like three days ago did I show
you where luckily it's my work phone not
my personal I've never seen an iPhone
screen corrupt as much as that trip
number two to the office taking some
donuts over with me
right the first reason today is an
exciting day is because we've got a new
team member joining the team officially
usually it's just me and my PA who sits
here but as of today is sitting here the
newest desk I'm a little bit out of
breath getting in those morning
backflips you know joining us is a
creative producer so she is sick of
photography sick of graphic design if
you saw any of the pictures from the sub
life xpb pop-up shop on the instagrams
and stuff she took all of those if you
saw any of the designs or the gifts for
the pop-up shop she made all of those
she's been working with us over the last
two weeks just odd little days but today
she officially starts full-time in the
office joining the team to help design
and take photos and just just to
creatively produce stuff for future
projects I nearly said something I
nearly need something but I'm not like
I'm not getting the whole point of
expanding the team and as you guys know
hopefully I'm going to expand the team
up to seven people pretty soon is so
that I can step back from other stuff
behind the camera and have people who
are better than me at that stuff join
and I can spend more of my time making
actual videos because as you know I get
so much of my time sucked away off of
camera doing admin and emails and
business meetings and by hiring all the
best people that I can find it means
that I can spend all of my time making
all of the best content I can possibly
make for you guys that's why I'm buying
new setups like this that's run by new
cameras at the moment that's why I'm
going to launch fat mouth Witness blog
channel my gaming channel I'll be able
to put more time into all of those
things what's the new team are smashing
everything else behind the scenes it's
gonna be sick it's gonna be so so sick
just finished up a couple of meetings at
the office super excited today it is
time for exciting thing number two in
this video and this I'm ever since I've
been sorting this thing out I've been so
so excited you know in youtubers or when
social media people team up with brands
they team up with companies to promote
their products if you watch YouTube if
you have an Instagram account you will
see that kind of stuff happening well
today I don't even know how this has
become a thing I like you all know that
I'm good friends with Jamie Oliver and
Jamie has got a new book out one minute
let me put you guys out here it's up on
my shelf in my kitchen you may have seen
that I've had this book for a while this
is Jamie Oliver's new book gave me all
of her five ingredients quick and easy
food as seen on Channel four this dude
here this is my mate Jamie Oliver I've
been chatting today let me pull up a
seat let's have a chat I've been
chatting to Jamie about this book and
texting each other and dim DMM each
other on Instagram stuff for bloomin
ages and I was chatting to him and we
were talking about his TV show on
channel 4 where he's cooking recipes
from this book long story short because
I could just ramble and ramble on about
times that me Jamie have had together
playing poker going out for dinner and
long story short penguin the publishers
of this book here penguin asked me if I
wanted to cook some recipes from the
book in a video and I was like oh of
course of course a bloomin do so via
text and Jamie been like oh I'm working
with your book like I'm working with
your book and you're my mate and like
this is crazy
so penguin said we're happy for you to
just do whatever you think whatever
works with you and I said okay let me
chat to Jamie let me see what he's
saying let me see what I can think and I
thought the best thing that I could
possibly do because Jamie is such a
family man the last time I was with him
I was eating dinner at his table in his
kitchen with his family like with his
daughters with his wife Jules like we're
literally all sat together eating a
delicious dinner so I thought the best
thing that I could possibly do for this
video
would be for me I'm gonna cook dinner
tonight for my parents and I'm gonna
cook it from this book the first thing I
need to do is actually decide on what
I'm gonna cook each of these meals I'm
just gonna open it on a random page that
me or their dads or does that not look
ridiculous dazzl does that not look
savage that looks like what you would
get in like a five-star restaurant
that's what five ingredients everyone's
got five things in their fridge Jamie
man what you've actually done is made
cooking possible for somebody like me
somebody who doesn't constantly have a
full fridge of amazing food like five
ingredients you could do this at uni you
could do this at college you could
there's no excuses now not to be cooking
delicious food and this it's not even
just like meals there's desserts so I do
a dessert for my parents oh I didn't
even think of I could do a Maine and all
my frozen banoffee cheesecake I've only
just had my breakfast and I'm already
wanting cheesecake so I've told my
parents that I am cooking them dinner
tonight
they probably expect me to just like
take over a takeaway
they've already don't expect me to
actually be like proper cooking
something smoky chorizo salmon yes
shopping list two times although let's
go four times so stop with the
ingredients because there's three of us
150 grams salmon two people in 11
minutes this takes 11 minutes to cook
cherry chocolate mousse total time 30
minutes served six people that's what
we're gonna go with today living that
I'm so excited they should be excited
they should be so excited
actually I'm excited as well because I
get to eat it all okay I'm gonna text
Jamie now and see if whilst I'm cooking
it to Mike tonight my parents see if
he's around for a FaceTime to try and
help me cook like whilst I'm like
cooking on their Hobbs and they're
having everything going and mixing bowls
up and stuff I'm gonna FaceTime and be
like bro am I doing this right
I'm not doing the
wrong he doesn't know yet I'm gonna get
him to help me out video or not i think
i started too far to the side did I get
you good battle is for you getting me
yesterday's only got me and scared me so
good yesterday the woodpecker is on the
tree
no it's coming never side is it no it's
going up he's going up I can't you can't
see him in the video oh he's gone up
into the tree somewhere just got back
from the last meetings of today in the
office and my PA bought me for my
birthday how cool is this I've never
seen this before
chocolate gin like chocolate gin I'm
obsessed with the look of that it even
comes with a little jar of cocoa nibs
good bye off to go and grab the
ingredients for the meal tonight
excuse me if you sell black olives with
the stones in them number 12 number 12
thanks so much finally got everything
that was super easy only 10 ingredients
not only did I buy everything I needed
but I also bought a battle plant so I'm
going to take my sprigs than a need of
battle and leave mom and dad with a nice
battle plan I've got the goods and I
remember my mum and dad's kitchen
I was legit about to get Jamie's book
out of my bag for mums already blooming
got it mum's got it here this is my one
bought it with me but mum has already
got it do you think this is going to
taste I said this is probably the first
meal I pop I like cooked because I've
made you dinners but I haven't cooked
I've made you got pasta before but I've
never never made a proper meal this is
gonna be better than dance mum stand
there just like keep on walking in and
out of cha trying to help me out but you
know this is what you do oh no if we do
this you're not allowed to help me
you're not allowed to guide me a
nonstick frying pan and placed on a
medium heat as the pan comes to a
temperature and the salmon begins to
sizzle about three minutes maybe I'm
secretly test being tested and I meant
to prep the dessert first I bet you I
bet you have to prep the dessert before
that takes longer this takes 30 minutes
yeah we're going in mum and dad have got
a gin and tonic
oh no mum and dad are in the other room
both got a gin and tonic watching some
TV and chillin and I'm gonna get
prepping because it's still pretty early
it's quarter past 6:00 I'm gonna get
prepping and fully make the dessert and
leave it like to cool down and nicer
than the fridge I think that's what I
meant to junior my face I might call
Jamie and see whether they leaving it in
the fridge
okay thing to do because it doesn't say
iconic but it also doesn't say a cat and
then after that's done which will be in
about half an hour's time and then gonna
make the salmon main course I've got to
simmer the cherries and their syrup in a
non-stick frying pan on a medium heat
until thick and then remove I've got the
nonstick frying pan here the cherries
are thickening apparently and now I need
to remove this because it's all melted
and leave it to cool for 10 minutes
smells incredible this is where I don't
know what to do
whip the cream to very soft peaks have
no idea what that means
I'm calling Jamie to see if he can help
me he's probably cooking his own dinner
he probably isn't there to help come on
good I'm available I don't know what to
skip because where are you and I need
you day me let's see what my cherries
are doing let's see if these are
thickening I'm just gonna start whisking
I'm trying to make a soft peak no help
mum know how soft peaks everybody
separate the eggs and the yolks to the
cream with the sugar yolks to the cream
and the sugar now to my favorite bit the
whisk so apparently apparently when your
egg whites are super stiff you can tip
the bowl upside down and it doesn't fall
our fold the cooled chocolate into the
cream then gently fold that through the
egg whites I am making mum and dad the
cherry chocolate mousse but I need your
help with the yeah and then doing this
folder
no your words of wisdom
yeah as much as the air but
properly okay okay it looks good man it
looks really good yeah I'm gonna need
four nice little glasses yeah I've
already done that beer that's just
waiting on the side okay and then can I
work in the fridge afterwards because I
haven't cooked for the main course I'm
doing the chorizo salmon so I'm courting
love that ready but I haven't cooked any
Vic's it only takes like ten minutes
yeah so I thought I'd do this first
because honestly I've been looking at
the salmon recipe and you have to do two
or three things at once and I'm not used
to that okay okay
I loved it my favorite bit of the book
so far is that when I mean when I'm in
the earlier shopping in the supermarket
I can't forget any ingredients because
there's only five so you've got miss
anything out so all like to do is get
ten things and I knew that I hadn't
missed anything because I was doing two
dishes this is you know Zoey said to me
Ernie I need to go food shopping today
and I said well wait just take this book
keep it in the car that's what you want
to do yeah
that's a good idea
is my aunt meant to feel like it's gonna
fall off oh it actually looks really
really good man I know and now I'm not
very good that's normally when Zoey
comes in but Zoey's not here I will down
with our face Tommy you later on one
when we're eating we can you can see
what it looks like okay all right thanks
man
like innovate by legit don't know what I
would have done if you didn't tell me
how to fold by that's actually worked a
miracle turning with one hand folding
with other that is the key I've got to
make it look good and as Jamie just said
to me don't get it like spilt down the
edges
I honestly think Jamie's going to be
proud of me
smokey chorizo salmon for the
ingredients
if you've been watching the blogs for a
while you will know that salmon is
probably my favorite food like chicken
and then salmon or salmon than chicken
cooking it for three minutes like this
then turn it over for five minutes then
add in the treat so in for two minutes
and then for an extra 30 seconds I'm
throwing in all of the chopped up tomato
smarter Little Mix the little salad god
I just realized that moment that don't
have an extractor fan so I've smoked out
the whole of their kitchen I don't know
if you can see but to open it all the
back doors and all the windows and
everything dinner's gonna be ready in 30
seconds mum and dad are literally
watching Jamie right now oh wow
I made a spare one just because I just
doubled the quantities dad get your
button here I didn't make any for you
sorry about that
so we got basil tomato treats Oh olives
oh yeah and salmon I've never thought
but intreat sir and salmon together and
I cook salmon all the time do you know
what you've done really well as well I
normally cut the skin off
oh you eating the skin hello mate do you
want some we've got a spare plate if you
want some oh you never knew no no no so
this is a one-off then or
things like these weekly oh they should
be it local is happening I haven't even
finished mine yet and these guys are
already half in the other one because I
just need to make sure update mom's just
telling me you saw yesterday's blog I'm
going to screw in her tire from our
driveway
I'm guessing it's uneven the building
for the house when the builders of the
gym or something like it doesn't matter
but mom went today so the place and said
the right back has got a screw attached
and we need it replaced yeah so when I
did that they came back in and said
which tire did you say that he said well
the white drivers rear tire has got
three screws in it so all together from
your lovely driveway I had four screws
in my into separate tires mum at four
screws three and one 1/2 that luminaire
ITEX Jamie picture the food and it's
been laughing and saying where's the
tapenade which I don't even know what
that is apparently the on him so I was
meant to crush up and they're not add
with the water and stuff like that like
a did I just put the olives in the pan
with the rest of it apparently it wasn't
meant to be like a sauce and I was meant
to put it separately on top I didn't
know that I just put it on him of
everything else look at that
you don't know what it is yeah I
actually don't know what this is gonna
be like Trier so it's a cherry chocolate
mousse good is it good is actually good
it's good with the cherries is now and
that didn't eat you don't sweetie they
did it
mm-hmm we're seeing if it looks like the
picture okay all right guys I'm gonna
show you yeah look up the sound it so it
does this summon dish looks exactly the
same
boom exactly what doesn't it the same
I'm sorry actually looks the same as
that I'm really impressed see you later
Thank You Jeremy yeah buzzy boy buzzy
boys having a little operation tomorrow
in his eyes to make them better aren't
you excited oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my
gosh I cannot even describe to you how
much it is raining before I head off and
go and pick up Zoey I just want to tell
you some information about the book and
about the TV series that Jamie has
currently got out as you saw my mom was
literally watching Jamie Oliver cooking
whilst I was cooking her dinner his show
quick and easy food is on 8:00 p.m. on
Monday nights and the book is out right
now I'll leave a link down below if you
want to go check it out five ingredients
like honestly I know that I'm working
with penguin on this video but this is
my man this is my mate Jamie and we're
talking five ingredients like it cannot
get more simple more easy than this like
it is super easy if I can do it and cook
a meal as delicious is that you saw my
parents say it all myself some serious
brownie points tonight then then you can
do it you can do it too
anyone can do it I can do it comment
down below if you're excited if you're
gonna grab a copy of the book if you've
got a copy the book if you
the TV show actually in tweet me as well
I want to see you guys I want to see
what recipes you've cooked and which
ones your favorites and stuff like that
so tweet me using the hashtag hashtag
quick and easy food I'll check it out
I'll reply I'll get back I'll cook some
of the recipes and anyways anyways I
need to get going I need to go pick so
we up here you go whoo laughing that's
my dessert Amedeo I look at knowledge
he's so excited to see us hello Missy
hello guys I cannot even describe how
much is raining it's crazy go and then
you go get wet be he's gonna hate the
rain look get out get outside go on have
you got your wet feet on the sofa have
you she's excited look oh no not yeah
yeah let me get let's go get a toy let's
go get a toy from down here whoo what's
this Nana what's this one this room good
she nearly went into the wall she wants
under that she's allowed to bite what do
you think of the presentation doesn't it
did you use dark chocolate which you're
not too keen on dark chocolate do you
like that yeah actually yeah just going
to bed and it is so snuggly and warm and
knowledge here she is snoring away she
knows she's not allowed in the met this
is she's like doing everything she can
to like hide and blend in so that we
don't bow in her bed now she's fake
snoring she's not at all legit does this
on purpose guys buzz does this as well
for you if buzz has ever asleep on the
bed and you go to put him into his bed
he like proper turns upside down and
pretends he's proper asleep even if he's
not asleep just that you think I so cute
I wipe him to bed I'll let him sleep or
not but just tonight anyways I need to
end the vlog now thank you so much for
watching I hope you enjoy it I hope you
enjoyed I was going to say watching me
attempt to go for my parents but I
actually did and I had a good day and
today was also a good day because as I
said my new creative producer started
it's her first day and she's been
designing I tell you I should say I'm
not gonna say hey I'm not gonna say who
she's been designing merchandise designs
for a new creator who's gonna join the
creature store very very soon and the
designs are looking sick like she's been
working away with the person today on
the designs whoa what was that flash did
you see that yeah what was that give the
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it guys
go down below subscribe Tamara
notifications on go tweet Jaime saying
he's a legend fail pat me out today and
just anything John sent out to a message
tell everybody some words of wisdom
always sleep before 11 p.m.
good night guys
Hey
