looking good gosh just a light amount of
customers I'm John everything cuz I knew
now if they're going to be a day on my
let's head all against me
yes I'll come over later to listen to a
voice over music alright ok please cool
YouTube bug what you think of the
respond option I think um a looser than
looking lay you in Rogers it's a gleam
summer party
it's a best tool I mean actually got
briefed and we're using actually got
report abuse existed in lesbian left
bumper rocking your why they're my
ex-girlfriend give it to
oh the
aspirational is this in your mission to
becoming to a lot of balls of white a
confident man
with the chain one I don't think you are
pretty insane I like your website
Michael a youtuber that I know has been
dead the one musical put water or one
more
dear remain clear image of your a lot of
people did you that's the unit time
no I thought he had a shout out and so
he went whoa and she didn't sham out
cringe Wiggins wear sunglasses wrong
they're actually from a brand called MMB
MPT what am i you are my new style icon
just rocking man why are you eyeing that
funny amazing
is not running I also had those glasses
and I loved mine on roller coaster what
the cool you ain't got no monsters
right clean that must be John oh my life
oh wow that sounds amazing the food that
oh my god oh I had a bloody carousel
over there and very the fairground
no it's not it's a burial like always
giggling oh yeah oh yeah the ball oh he
is straight okay do you much pleasure
come with the cap clean really fight
things up with us people really love the
other types they don't thanks very much
just showing the behind-the-scenes
living here now like no pressure
so in the factor
no I'm not good at both are you ready
for your interesting song your very good
interest because how many inter speeches
I've ever met I would say you honestly
I'd say you've done 50 interest beaches
or speeches about someone at an event
amazing speakers fans of come before you
want to clean the print statement though
you have seen performer literally in the
bar with a guitar
yep on the ground hello professional
upgrades versus dry bag - everyone looks
really drunk at hot well you can give
yourself to them definitely that yeah I
love it was that I know you've got a
girlfriend
Achtung I space she does her eyes like I
do so it's like boy fake but white
bedding her hands distributed mine she
looks good and omegas sorry cool back
from our changes the brain in the
break-up hold it I want and beauty
business far away whistling slows it
down either share and talk about boys oh
my god screaming oh sweet smell cheese
child feeling to the wall don't need
oh that was weird now I was like coming
through the tree as well how did you
find that it was alright much the last
middle ground I runs lovely hair you
smashed it well done
hey didn't focus no I'm a daily vlogger
you're not a weekly vlog now then we
keep log the daily logs are coming back
strong this is the mall market is not
this is more market because I was in no
way let down your tattoo video wasn't on
your mind
good day tonight I'll put it will make
you got more views give in main channel
go to eat the sketches and the night
everything separate you know
oh ok I'm vlogging here can you you
can't forget room because this is well
actually this was Tonya's room and Jim's
room but Jim prefers me so on you share
this bed with you Jim you are that guy
so guys quite a small bed is it even a
full double and you're like we shared a
removable dining and they should know
can we have a stand-up and I've stolen
Tom's note on it has to go back so she's
not that type I'm sleeping here with Jim
and I was not very sing about I that's
why I was like well I'm gonna be in a
room of Jonah nyan I love them a bit but
they are a bit rank there is areas and
basically on harasses me when he's made
it all right so it's real height go to a
high your name just us
hope you don't die Jim Jim what we die
oh yeah oh no come on young beautiful
day
bye-bye and a little bit windy up yeah
Jimmy Tanya Tanya are they coming I know
Linnea Tanya know this Alfie got no
friends mate in Luminos Jim Oh a stop
door nothing my Jim there's not the time
place when a carousel is broken it's not
broken the netting Zoey entire oh the
carousel other carousel oh can you hear
the can tell Brooke this is not ready no
Jim stop don't do it anymore
I'm from it i something feel very unsafe
so I get me this wasn't here look at
that welding there Zoe Hey yeah wild
okay we're doing a team photo underneath
I genuinely thing like Meharry me all
right Jim is told me to go have a look
at the dance room today ah
guys I was just about to come in and
vlog it was Lou
I'm inspired to take up Don's guy
yeah I'm gonna leave these guys good and
that's the point on me yeah that's the
worst thing I've ever seen in my life
buzzing right hi guys really cool Jim
dead me odds-on to dry my eyebrow I lost
Jamie once again I got sick so seven so
he's now going to spray my brow please
don't get my I'm going to cover it up I
didn't bike what why don't if I have a
pink for hair because just do one yeah
just one okay just one only which one
pick a night I don't know you pick that
I'm gonna face with you is right next to
me okay Cara Lee how close my eyes I see
well my guy can't I do that and then
don't panic I got your eye covered all
of those logo it Reese's result is a
ripoff my favorite is that is you're in
that ego hey that's great how does it
look someone you know whatever nice good
that's the look I wanted it on the neck
eyeball hi John I lost are dawn again
blue shut your eyes do a little okay
almost Oh see it's come out so blue with
my eyebrow thanks cool no that's a good
thing or a bad thing honestly I'm out of
the chair is actually cool I'm quite
fine
what are you you made if you moved and
put weight okay keep mouth shut and you
know I'm going up now wait but by weight
not look like it burned right
wait markup you how it prepared when you
go real close
fuck off your stash yeah yes black off
with your bird BFG it's a plan you know
close you have to go close to get rich
is if you don't go look at actually look
so today in Astana mating of it fine you
know you look Nick's value place all
around we got work wise and who can hurt
my boy Leon why don't you kneel new day
put me on your shoulders and I will miss
you Leon Leon do feel you had you had
everyone's attention do it guys you need
you have it louder louder louder
everyone hi
Dona everyone welcome Wow
number
Wow taking off tonight
Oh
come on there's gonna be sizing up the
competition let's this is like
Oh
Oh
everywhere all right night guys yeah the
night is coming to an end have a little
room tour me and GM ashamed because it's
like totally Jimbo's gonna be here
changing there but it's very cute it is
very cute for a temple
