morning everyone I am in gym clothes and
my hair is tied up it's last day greasy
hair but my PT texts me yesterday she
was like we're really in this book in a
session because I've been away and once
I stopped doing it for a while its
reading I'd like to get back into it so
I've seen her today later on so I
thought I would just wear gym clothes
all day I'm not really gonna put on much
makeup I'm just putting on like a really
small amount so that I don't feel kind
of gross all days mainly just for me
because I feel like when I'm wearing a
bit of makeup I feel a bit more me this
is just the Estee Lauder CC cream which
isn't really anything it just gives me a
bit of like color and a bit of glow and
it's like perfect for no makeup days
anyway I hope you've all been really
well I do have a vlog from New York
coming up next Wednesday so my vlogs are
a little bit out border for a little
while
New York was really really nice I've
also got a video on Sunday coming up and
me and Anna filmed whilst we were there
so that would be really good this by the
way is the Laura Mercier secret
concealer for under eyes I got sent us
recently and I quite like it I've been a
bit all over the place recently because
I went to Stockholm came back for like a
weekend and rich wasn't here that
weekend and then I went straight off to
New York it's been really fun but I feel
like I've been a bit like all over the
place and I'm just going through a funny
time it's hard to explain it but I'm
just feeling a little bit funny and
negative at the moment and when I am
feeling like that certain parts of my
job start to frustrate me more than they
would usually but I am working through
it it's just quite a busy month I'm
gonna use the glossier concealer because
it's very sheer I feel like I haven't
done much vlogging recently unless it's
been a travel vlog and there's been a
few occasions where I've started
vlogging at home and then end up kind of
scrapping the vlog because only she
wasn't doing anything most days at the
moment when I'm not traveling I'm
literally just sitting at my desk not
doing anything so it's quite hard to
vlog but hopefully today's vlog will
come out ok I hope you guys are enjoying
my Instagram's from New York I took my
Fuji film XT
to camera with me which most of my
Instagram photos at the moment I've been
taking them on that camera and I really
really like it I would definitely
recommend it especially over the what's
the other camera there like all the
bloggers use Olympus ten it's like a
hundred times better but I think it's
also a lot more expensive it's like the
same price as a proper proper camera but
yeah I really like it it's so great but
Wi-Fi as well so it's perfect for
Instagram photos because I can just take
a load of photos and then when we sit
down have lunch or something I can just
Wi-Fi them over to my phone and edit
them on there this is the Loreal cushion
bronzer so yeah I've been enjoying
putting up some photos from New York
because I was a bit quiet honest to go
before again just because I felt like I
had nothing to post because I've been
doing much other than sitting at my desk
and working do you feel like a little
bit of pressure to be like super
positive in my videos and online on
Twitter and stuff I know that usually
I'm a bit of a kind of cynical sarcastic
mone person but at the moment it's not
that I'm creating cynical sarcastic
emoni I'm like genuinely feeling like
quite sad and negative and I'm not
entirely sure why so it's really
difficult cuz I feel like a massive
pressure to hide that and come across as
really positive and I think a lot of you
guys have commented on my video saying
like you seem really sad recently and I
feel bad cuz I know no one wants to hear
someone be sad and monie and negative so
I'm trying to be as kind of positive as
I can when I'm feeling a bit crappy when
we were in New York
Anna and I we went to Sephora because we
were there on the day that Fenty Beauty
launched venti beauty is Rihanna's new
makeup range and honestly I hadn't
really heard much about it beforehand so
there wasn't really like a hype I wasn't
I know many expectations you went to the
cancer and kind of like l-word our way
through so it was quite busy and went to
have a look and I didn't buy anything
and everyone's doing Fenty Beattie
videos at the moment so I thought I
would quickly talk about my kind of
initial thoughts and why I didn't buy
anything I think the reason I didn't buy
anything because I don't think it's a
makeup range that is aimed at me a lot
of the products are very very glittery
very shimmery kind of crazy like that
gold highlight everyone
obsessing over I would never ever wear
that it's just far too intense for me I
much more kind of natural subtle makeup
I'm very impressed
and that she's launched with foundations
and so many shades and I think that's
the point of her range I think the point
is that it's appealing to all different
skin tones and I think it's incredible
and the way you shop the foundation and
pick your color is brilliant and we
desperately need something like that in
industry so I think it's great it's just
not for me like the foundation is matte
I definitely wear matte foundations
I think the matchstick ideas a really
cool but I just the colors were not
something I would want to wear and there
was just nothing that really appealed to
me so I just settled on the fact that I
don't think it's a product range that's
aimed at me and that's okay I went to
check it out and I've seen I've watched
all the videos of people uploading
reviewing it and it it looks like it
works really well for a lot of people
the foundation actually looks really
Chloe on some people so I'm kind of
tempted to try that but I just didn't
feel like I needed it I've got so much
makeup so that's why I didn't pick
anything up in New York this is a
keycode cream blusher I ordered a couple
of jumpers on a sauce yesterday I'm
filming a video this Friday with a brand
which is like an autumn style video and
honestly I haven't really like sorted
out my autumn wardrobe yet it just
hasn't been top priority for me I'm also
going away at the end of the month and
before mine and Rich's wedding
anniversary so I know can you believe
it's nearly been a year since we got
married I literally can't believe that I
don't think we're doing presents because
we're both going to Italy together which
hope you'd be really nice like relaxing
I'm gonna try I've got work to do but
I'm going to try not to kind of do it
instagrams and stuff anyway so I'm going
to Italy's I feel like someone's not
completely over and I haven't really
like sorted through my wardrobe and put
all my cell clothes away and injected
any kind of autumn clothes I haven't
really had time to do like a proper
clothes shop I also need to dig out all
my autumn clothes from last year and see
if there's and any jumpers and stuff
that I want to wear again this year
because I'm sure there will be so anyway
I only did a couple of jumpers from ASOS
because I need to wear like an autumnal
outfit on Friday when I found this video
so hopefully one of those will look good
fingers crossed I think I'm gonna make
myself some poor
which was the time 8:30 I need to go get
some cash out for my PT II also need to
go to next to you buy an outfit because
I'm doing this kind of like blogger
panel thing at the end of the month and
they want me to wear all of next clothes
obviously they said they could send it
to me but I am really bad at shopping
online and sometimes I just like to lift
clothes to try them on in real life so
I'm gonna go to the next shop and try on
an outfit and then I'd quite like to pop
into home cents it's definitely not
something I need to do but everyone's be
going that recently and a few other
bloggers have been doing some paid work
with them and I saw I think on Susie's
channel but they have pink fluffy
cushions and I am really up some pink
fluffy cushions especially if they're
like more affordable than some of the
other really expensive ones so kind of
want to go over look there it next the
next anyway so I can kind of pop in and
then I need to go to my mom's house
because I just pick up some products
that are there then I'm gonna have my PT
130 I think one o'clock and then I'm
gonna work for the whole of the
afternoon and evening let's make some
breakfast okay I'm gonna go out and get
all my stuff done first because I always
I feel like I can't be fully productive
I like no I'm going out so I'm gonna go
to next and home scents and get money
out and go to my mom's on the way back
and try and be quick about everything I
just remembered I had a really weird
dream last night I can't really remember
you know and you can't quite remember a
dream but I know that there were snakes
involved and it was really horrible
I also woke up and had a rant on
Instagram because every day I have to
read comments from some of you guys not
everyone I know asking me or telling me
that they think I'm pregnant and
seriously guys please stop I'm not
pregnant I'm not trying to be pregnant
but if I was it's still none of anyone's
business and some people really struggle
to get pregnant you never know what
someone's going through it's really rude
to ask if someone's pregnant it's rude
to say that they are looking puffy in
the face or they're looking glowy or
that they literally look pregnant
because you should just always think
whether you would
say something someone's face or not and
if you wouldn't and don't say it in a
comment online I know that most of the
time it's someone young who doesn't
understand or it's someone who maybe
English isn't their first language and
they don't mean for it to sound like
that but if you think of it from my
point of view in getting these comments
every day is like hundreds of comments
asking if I'm pregnant
it is absolutely draining and it's
killing me slowly so please please don't
ask me if I'm pregnant or if I'm trying
to be pregnant or anything today's
pregnant please I'm still in love with
my ray-bans that I got in Stockholm Anna
takes the piss out of me because she's
like it won't be long until you want
some new sunglasses but I've never felt
this way about sunglasses I swear I love
them and they are perfect there was a
key what I wanted it's actually quite
sunny today but it's freezing oh my god
it's like proper autumn autumn is here
oh this jumper was from ASOS like a year
ago people always ask me when I wear it
but it's like super cozy a car believe
how cold it is I need to go buy some
autumn clothes at some point maybe this
weekend
oh okay think we're gonna do next
bluesy next first turn the car on I feel
like this thing is gonna flip up into
you so I feel like I've got on my
Moaning out now in this vlog and I'm
gonna try making the rest of the vlog a
bit more cheery someone just like to be
really weirdly cuz I was vlogging I mean
next but I'm just trying on lots of
different things jackets dresses skirts
and some jeans okay I might quickly pop
to home sense but that took a lot longer
than it was supposed to kind of find him
outfit and stuff so it's on that also I
told my friend Gemma I'd pick up some
stuff for her she had a baby boy very
very sweet um but she needed some baby
girls and stuff so I was trying to find
all the different sizes and everything I
did that got her baby girls got myself
an outfit and now I'm gonna pop you to
HomeSense remember when I said it was
cold
take that back it's like the hottest day
ever and I'm wearing a huge hoodie Sun
has come
okay I found HomeSense let's go see if
they have these people flossing dishes
I'm gonna try and not get distracted
found a gray fluffy one but no pink one
yet I found this one which I really like
but I'm not sure I feel like everything
in my flat is it was too blue and green
already hmm I think I might leave it for
now okay so I didn't get anything from
home since in the end I really didn't
need anything sometimes I feel like I
just need to like itch that craving but
actually I realized when I was in there
I just don't need I don't need it so
I've just gone to my parents house
because I need to pick something up from
my old bedroom where I keep a lot of the
stuff that I can't put it in my flat
lucky parents do you guys remember this
old bedroom Jeremy this wall I used to
film in front of I like painted it blue
so I could have a different background
and then my bed which actually has two
mattresses on it because this is mine
which is old mattress before we got a
symbol one we didn't want to throw it
away so we keep it here my bedside table
wallpaper my drawers funny being back in
here yeah here's like all my stuff in
boxes and all my suitcases because we
haven't got loft in our flat write some
letters okay I am home I dropped the
clothes at Gemma's I went to my mom's to
pick up the stuff you saw that picked up
some sushi on the way which I put in the
fridge and now I've got my PT session it
tries to make it one so it would be like
in my lunch break but everything this
morning is taking ages so I haven't
really got to my desk yet today Wow
fruit flies it's so hard to get rid of I
know you have to put like a glass the
sugar water or something I'm gonna give
my PT session in the park I'm not gonna
film it because I haven't seen it for a
couple of weeks so I'm going to be
really rubbish and I need to just like
concentrate and it's quite nice to have
a bit of no camera time as well so I
will see you when I'm back and probably
very achy
I just got back from my workout in Park
oh it's a lip balm on my lips are so
sore today and when they haven't got lip
balm on oh my god they're burning can
you see how sore they are I don't think
my lips will ever go back to normal this
is still from
a lipstick I wore on my wedding day last
year they've never been the same since
sometimes they're okay and then look
they've just turned into the sort of
lips that are very sensitive like I've
just been out on the cold and they're so
so anyway the workout was good I'm just
gonna have some sushi
I bought spicy tuna rolls funny cuz I
feel like my PT also happens to be one
of my best friends are the best friends
it's like having a therapist
I feel like today we had a very gentle
session because she knows I haven't been
well and I'm not feeling so great in
mentally and physically fish took it
easy on me and we just talked about a
lot of stuff and it's quite nice really
because also she's so like detached from
everything that I can talk quite openly
and honestly and she lets me just a
moment to her which is great feel bit
sorry for her but yeah it's just good to
get the fresh air I've had a lot of them
well not a lot I've had a few comments
about why I don't really vlog with my
friends much anymore which I hadn't
really noticed but it was totally right
I don't I used to do laughs a lot of
weekend vlogs with my friends I don't
read tend to vlog that much on the
weekend anymore I just think like as we
all grow up it's quite a natural thing
to show people less in my videos they're
more focused just on me now which puts a
bit more pressure on me but I just think
like my friends are having babies and
stuff and growing up and it doesn't feel
right to kind of shove a camera in their
face all the time one because I think
they're quite private and also when I'm
with my friends I tend to not be filming
that I treat it more as like quality
time with my friends so that's probably
why not really on purpose it's just
something that's naturally happened
anyway I'm going to spend the afternoon
working in my office need to wash my
hair at some point tonight I think I'm
gonna just work here on the table in my
kind of living room slash kitchen
because I'm not feeding my office at the
moment it feels like a really negative
dark scary place I don't want to go into
don't know why I don't know much these
days I'm gonna work here
and see how I get home I've got a cup of
tea eeeek
I've got a glass of water I'm also gonna
light a candle this is the white company
wild rhubarb candle I just opened it up
and then thought didn't I get sent this
because I don't really remember being
sent this and I'm slightly panicking
that rich may have like bought this as a
present for someone and just left it on
the table worst comes to worst I just
buy him a new one
like I don't know why he would buy a
candle well it smells amazing
it's got plum blossom freesia freesia
and apple really really nice it's very
like autumnal candle hmm my Asus parcel
just came yay my DPD delivery guy is so
nice I know Anna and Zoe and Brighton
have they like love their guy was his
name like Paul or Dave hmm I can't
remember they always talk about him and
want to brighten stalks by the DPD
delivery guy pony's very good-looking my
woods in mine is particularly
good-looking but he is such a nice guy
and he's always so happy and I really
think he's actually brightened up my
afternoon anyway my Asus class is here
I'm not gonna try on things yet because
clearly I haven't showered since working
out I'm a bit sweaty so let me open up
and show you guys what I got one jumper
from whistles it's black it's got gold
buttons it looks like this it's kind of
high neck we will see what and then
second thing is from weekday oh this is
very soft I'm glad about that this is
from weekday and it's a little kind of
mint drop shoulder jumper so I'm gonna
try these on decide which one to keep
hopefully not both that is for video I'm
filming on Friday right back to my work
I've just had a shower and washed my
hair is like 6:30 oh my god rich said
he's gonna be back late from work so I'm
just taking my time and I'm just
watching the Apple livestream you know
Apple do like conferences I think this
is an annual one I'm pretty sure it's an
annual one
I'm such an apple geek so I love hearing
about the products they're releasing and
stuff but it's so funny it's so cheesy
the guys like so now we're gonna talk
about and it's like a massive pause the
Apple watch and then ever
the audience is like I mean it's intense
I just want to hear about the new iPhone
but it's very dramatic I'm finding it
very amusing also kind of geeking out
though I secretly love it but the drama
is hilarious and you know once I talk to
you guys because I just tried this in
the shower on Sunday on Anna's channel
there's gonna be a New York Hall that we
both filmed while we were out there and
we talked about igk we bought a lot of
stuff my GK which is a haircare brand in
Sephora
spoiler alert I bought the cleansing
walnut' scalp scrub
we both did and I just gave it a go so I
thought I would let you know what I
think I know this is annoying because a
head of the hall is a bit of a spoiler
but I was very disappointed in this it's
the cleansing walnut' scalp scrub and
it's called Loki I love like exfoliating
scalp scrub kind of thing because I get
a very dry scalp and I get like flaking
quite a lot so I thought I'd give this a
go girl in the picture has very nice
like beachy hair which made me want to
try it anyway it's like a serious scrub
it literally looks like a body scrub
that you would use like a brown very
gritty scrub so I was like massaging it
into the my scalp and it just felt like
I was cut putting sand in my hair I
found it really hard to wash it out oh
this is very difficult to use it does
kind of lather up when you add water but
I felt like I was making my hair a bit
dirty I have a feeling that Anna's gonna
like this because I reckon the kind of
grit will add volume to the hair which
is just not something I want so will it
really impress her that I don't think I
would use it again I'm gonna probably
give it away I've used the evader
purifying scalp cleanser before this is
the one I usually use and I'm much
prefer it it's just it's like a shampoo
it feels like a shampoo but it purifies
your scalp and gives it good cleanse and
it's much easier to use than I can
actual gritty
scrub I thought that was a bit of a
weird thing maybe it's just my hair
because it's quite hard to wash I love
the packaging but yeah I just thought
I'd let you know not majorly impressed
with that is he still talking about the
watch today it's the most used heartrate
monitor in the world
when they're talking about the iPhone ok
I've moved the laptop up here so I can
watch it whilst
cooking I can't believe I'm saying this
because we actually haven't made this
for like over a month but I feel like
whenever I'm vlogging I'm making this
the Madeline Shaw coconut spiced porn
Calma I know rich likes it so I'm gonna
oh man I've just realized that I have no
idea how to use the rice cooker and rich
is gonna be out I think I'm just gonna
have to figure out be a big girl I'm
gonna make this with rice put all the
ingredients out and I'm gonna watch this
whilst I'm doing it and I'm gonna let my
hair dry naturally it's just gonna get
bigger and bigger and puffy and puffier
as I cook we're talking about the iPhone
now and the camera I've started I think
I did like the onion and the cumin seeds
and that's kind of just going there I've
got the rice going in the rice cooker
figured out how to use it it's really
not that difficult we have like one
thing of rice that we rinse in a sip
verse and then two cups of water and it
goes on 20 minutes it makes perfect rice
I literally hate cooking rice in a pot
sorry this guy is really annoying in the
background but I want to hear what you
say they just announced the iPhone X
it's all very exciting and which isn't
home yet so his dinners like over there
keeping it warm this is the curry I know
it's a huge portion but it smells and
tastes delicious
okay Apple event is done hair is still
wet it's that's really where actually I
need to like run my hands through and
stuff it's been tied up while I've been
cooking but underwhelmed that chalet I
remember when the iPhone 7 launched I
was so excited about the new camera
whereas there aren't many things I'm not
excited about not into the kind of face
ID thing the talking emojis not really
interested
augmented reality I guess it would be
good for some like things like maps and
stuff I'm not interested in the gaming
really like the charging maps but that's
about it
not like oh my god I need to get my
hands on it straight away but as always
with Apple you kind of have to update
your products otherwise just things get
out of date and they'll probably change
the charges and stuff and I always say
like I'm not into it and then it comes
out and I want it my lips have gone so
again okay anyway rich has just found me
coming back from work now I've totally
finished it no but he'll he hears when
he gets back I'm gonna import all this
footage now
and God and edit this vlog so I hope you
guys have enjoyed today's video it's
just been like a homie vlog I've got a
really fun video coming Sunday and I
think you guys are really gonna like it
and yeah I think that's it for now so
thanks for watching I'll see you guys in
my next video bye
