hello everyone and welcome to another
weekly vlog today it's Monday I am just
about to go to the food shop nearly 2
o'clock I have been doing lots of
research this morning onto not
researcher sites but just making notes
for future videos that I wanna film
today you want to film two videos I
think and perhaps put a date story which
is one of the videos up this weekend so
should be up by the time this video goes
up actually I've also done there's some
research on some vegetarian recipes for
the week as well and that took a bit of
time but at least I'm organized in what
I'm getting for my food shop I'm gonna
go and hopefully do this quite quickly
and then I come back show you what I've
got and then get filming outfit today is
this kind of distressed like jumper from
new look I wear this all the time I love
it just a great t-shirt and my new kind
of shiny leggings from a source really
comfortable old Primark studded shoes
and Mike Atkinson shopping bag and my
miss oh my necklace as well which a lot
I just got home I'm gonna quickly show
you what I just picked up bread tortilla
wrap famous celery carrot garlic peppers
sweet potato some fajita mix halloumi
just in case I did get some chicken how
did gets me he's a frozen so I'm not
gonna even they're just for the days
that I'm when I'm hungover I need some
comfort food because happens quite a lot
and I'm always like oh I just really
fancy chicken nuggets or something just
really likable yeah but because nobody's
also run off our chicken Kushan so I'm
gonna put them in the freezer but I'm
gonna have some lunch now not being
vegetarian today I got some right spit
lentils some also I really keep fancying
this stuff with the salad like a tomato
spinach and also maybe some like feta
salad so I'm gonna try this out at some
point did get some salad onion coriander
cheese and I also got some black beans
because I really want to make that bean
dip like is it for Joey or free only I'm
just craving them all the time at the
moment so I read a recipe today and the
girl was like it's just so much better
if you make them from school
yourself soak them and then leave them
to boil and then like mush them yourself
and I just like your ingredients and
stuff so I've decided I want to make
like a lentil soup being as it is autumn
now I thought it'd be quite nice to try
and making my first into a soup so
that's what I got there carrots and
celery fall but I also got some hummus a
snack they want to also make some like
Mexican stuff so I got the tortillas
because I'm thinking like sweet potato
and black bean quesadillas and stuff
like that and wrap so I'm gonna put some
of these chicken things in the oven now
just having a wrap put some salad for
lunch because it's getting late and I
still haven't filmed anything
he is my chicken wrap right behind the
scenes of filming I've changed my top
put this one on and I'm gonna show you
my setup I decided to film with my
lights in my background sitting on my
bed because as it's a story time I want
this to be like nice and cozy like
chatting to big sister vibes my camera
is up here with my ring light next to it
and I also have a window on top of my
bed and I've blocked it out with a
t-shirt because otherwise one side of my
face is really light a month
the other side is really dark so that's
just kind of evened out of it I am done
I feel 2 story times I much preferred
the second one so I think that's the one
gonna be going up this Sunday when I sat
down to think about what ones I wanted
to talk about this one was at the back
of my list but once I got the screen
grabs of the text that he sent me after
the day I was just like okay this is
this is a great one I'll leave the link
to that down below let me know what you
think of it what time is it oh five
o'clock I'm doing something I don't
really want to do tonight and I'm
meeting up with my ex we have a few
things left to swap over and sign like
documents that we need to sign we
basically have a joint bank account
together and I need him to sign it to
close the account and he's got a couple
of books of mine and a couple of letters
have come for him so we're gonna meet at
Westfield Stratford to do that tonight
and I really don't want to go being a
doorman oh you've done I'm so gonna back
out of the way oh just post I've got a
has to make that
I soaked some of my black beans earlier
they've been soaking for five hours so
now I'm gonna make some sweet potato and
black bean from scratch and like
quesadillas I picked up some sour cream
from M&S on the way home when my washing
machine goes the whole room shake okay
looks great but here on my back the
quesadilla good morning it's quite early
on Tuesday I didn't end the vlog last
night because I was exhausted and I knew
that I had to have an early one today
today it's going to be very very busy so
I've got four events on what was pretty
much the most I've ever been to Monday
so I'm a little bit worried about how
I'm gonna do it all I'm going to use the
well as Christmas like winter wonderland
event that'll be nice then I'm going to
an asus oven I think it's their asus
Beauty I can't even talk it so early a
sauce Beauty event and then I'm going to
lushes creative showcase event and then
I'm going to like a wellness event at
the new Harley Medical Clinic I think in
Liverpool Street for a facial so yeah
it's gonna be a manic day
also it's echos birthday today so when
she wakes up later we'll have a little
party which would be fun
quickly show you what I'm wearing I'm
wearing my new Topshop jeans I think the
journey jeans with rips my new look
train is so I'm wearing this top which
is really pretty it's got like floaty
sleeve and a sports bra my misery
necklace here and then I've got this
cardi from ASOS and this bag from boohoo
which it fits like everything in for the
day and I've got like two portable
chargers my book need to get headphones
yeah already let's go so I'm just at
Sony winter wonderlands of enemies
super cute just taking in the cheeky
little Polaroid waiting pretty to
develop there and yeah it's really cute
I just got loads of snow in my hair
because I went nah I'll put the
boomerang
me without a dog
it's awesome and makes the happiness
between us break down to have a little
heart-to-heart maybe shake it on now at
the eighth of beads event there is a
wall which is color coordinated with
product three great
I've seen
maybe doing
I'm so happy about it I'm absolutely
exhausted I just didn't sleep last night
and then lots of events today it was
very it was a very long day but also
everything went wrong today I got to my
station this morning just after I vlog
got cessation and realize I left my bank
card at homes I had to go back home to
get that then got back on the train and
then I came over feeling very nauseous
so I had to get off the train got off at
Holborn and then once I felt a little
bit better I tried to go back in the
station to get back on the train and you
can't enter Hoban station
but before 10:00 a.m. it's to help
control like rush hour I think it's exit
only before 10:00 a.m. so then I got to
try and get to the other side of London
literally the easiest option was to get
a cab so I got a cab all the way there
which was an unnecessary expense but I
had so many events to get to I was like
I can't be late like I just can't
I'm late enough as it is got there it
was nice and then I was like right on to
my next one got to the station and I was
in my own world and I ended up walking
trying I basically went to walk down an
escalator but didn't realize it was an
up escalator like the wrong escalator
until I was on it and like flat on my
face like imagine just walking onto the
up escalator without knowing I like I
was trying to go forward and my legs
just went underneath me backwards it was
very embarrassing anyway got in the
Train met Megan which was lovely I
basically spent the whole date with her
today and it was great she's such a
great blogger so fashionable and such a
lovely girl so I'll leave her links down
below you can check her out so we went
to the a source of work together that
was fun it was like interactive if we
had to walk through a ball pit and
through likes neon tunnels that was good
and then we saw the new Beauty range
which is coming out a source of
launching some beauty products
themselves then we went to lush event
that was great and then my last
appointment was my facial at the highly
medical group clinic and I had to derma
quest
peel and my skin feels so good like
after appeal it's
quite Tingley out of feeling that i was
going to leave that my face was gonna be
bright threads but it's not and it
actually looks really nice like I'm not
wearing any makeup right now apart from
one my eyes this is how my skin's
looking I also got to talk to a
dermatologist there and I asked her lays
the questions about acne scarring after
a row accutane she's recommended some
products I'm gonna try those out she
also recommended micro needling for like
deep acne scars I've got some on my
forehead like deep holes and also long
hair as well so I'm gonna try that out I
might see if I come back in somewhere to
have some of that and I'll let you know
how it's also guys I met so many lovely
subscribers at the lush event I
literally couldn't believe it you guys
kept coming up it honestly made my day
whenever someone came up was like oh hi
watch your videos literally I felt like
the luckiest girl in the world
to be able to do this as a job and to
meet so many of you lovely people you're
all beautiful and so fashionable and so
kind and lovely so thank you to everyone
that said hello I would love to meet
more of you at some point as well he's
echos birthday today
I don't know if I mentioned that already
I've had my baby for a year and I
haven't got her anything to celebrate I
bought her a new toy but she's already
eating it because that's what she does
she just ruins orders by chewing and
nibbling but I'll get her out tonight we
can have a little bit of a cuddle I love
her so much I have just made some dinner
made vegetarian fajitas using my bat
beans from last night also I forgot to
mention I think I forgot to mention last
night my bat beans are good
next time I wouldn't pre-soak them I
just cook them longer apparently they
lose some of their flavor if you pre
soak them I have sweet potato red pepper
black bean cheese sour cream and my
wraps I mean it's not again not the
healthiest probably but delicious II
the only issue is slightly irregular
sizes in general the flavors it's
actually the involvement of the coffee
together of us
this is wait I'm going to go to sleep
now I had two lovely little cuddle with
echo gave her some treats she's still
running around my room those nights but
yeah I hate everyone
it's what day is it Wednesday I didn't
want to look again today without makeup
on but I wanted to show you I've been
cooking because I am a cooking genius
now apparently it's a spicy yellow
lentil or carrot and celery soup here it
is
I think it's nearly ready it's been
cooking for quite a while it's like the
first proper soup I've made I think so I
hope it tastes good I'm gonna blend this
up and then I've just edited my weekly
vlog took about four hours to do but
it's finally exported now so now I can
get ready I'm gonna have this lunch put
my way corn and then get ready because
I'm going on a date tonight a blind day
my friends set me up with someone she
knows and I've never done this before
never done a blind date so I'm quite
nervous and excited but at least we'll
have stuff to talk about so we know
nothing about me each other there it is
bit of a fail it's way too salty I
didn't realize that the stock cubes I
used were really thought he anyway and I
added more salt by accident and it's
disgusting but I'm gonna read to anyway
because I have slaved over this for
hours now I'm definitely gonna have to
have something else to eat before my
date otherwise I am I'm gonna get so
drunk because this is not enough food
what a fail just done all my work for
the day which is great I talked to my
super way I talked all of it away but it
was disgusting it was on edible so salty
I've learned my lesson less stock powder
no sort
luckily the only ingredients I used was
an onion some carrots and celery so and
lentils obviously if it's not that bad I
thought it would quickly show you some
of the bits I got from my events
yesterday first up lush oh no they don't
have their names on I got loads of bath
bombs but they don't have the names on
so I can't tell you what is what unless
I know them let's see so these
the bits I picked up they're all
Christmas and Halloween limited edition
ones I'm pretty sure and I was so
excited to get some of these earlier
than they're released picked up one of
my in fact this might be my all-time
favorite luxury lush hood because it
looks insane in the bath I've done a
demo of this one this one and also this
one so I'll leave a link to those lush
demo videos below so you can see what
they look like in the bath using an
underwater camera
this is monsters ball again one of my
favorites shoot for the stars this is my
favorite smell of all time it's the lush
honey I washed the kids I love that so
much then I think this one is
thunderstorm I think I'm not sure but it
smells quite minty but like sweet mint
oh this is a Snow Fairy one it smells
exactly like Snow Fairy this was the one
I picked up at the till and I was like I
cannot not have that because I've never
used it before and then I also had a
little skin care consultation whilst I
was there and the woman said that I
should try this it's the mask of Magnum
I can't say this the mast of Magnum
minty and it's a face and body mask and
she tried it on me I realized when I got
home I already have one of these so I
could perhaps do a giveaway of this let
me know what you think so these are the
bits I got from a so Ella's launch
they're mainly life so bit I got this
little mug which I love I would have
bought this anyway so I'm really happy
about it it's a cozy vibes mug like
emerald green inside with like gold
polka dot detailing all available from
boots as well at the moment her
lifestyle stuff of it in time for
Christmas then we've got this really
cute bento station kind of stationary
set I love the idea of a bento box so
this has like a notepad washi tape but
some really cute and paper clips pencils
and a ruler and then this is her snow
Ella body mist and it smells really
great it's not your typical like winter
festive fragrance it's a really kind of
fresh version but I really like it I'd
urge you to go and sniff this in
superdrug if you can and then I was also
lucky enough to get some bits from my
facial sea fusion cleanser which they
used on me
for my facial and it smells amazing
smart like oranges some derma clear pads
and this which I've already been using
because I love it
it's the derma quest essential b5
hydrating serum after the lady had taken
all my makeup off before my facial
yesterday she showed me my face under UV
rays so you can see like this the damage
on your skin
Oh insert picture here it's absolutely
petrifying but you can see I'll have a
lot of like redness and pigmentation on
my and cheeks I asked if that was from
acne scarring as she said no just like
general redness but I think it is a
little bit of Riley scarring and the bit
that scared me the most was I had these
really dark red circles around my eyes
and I was like what the hell is that I
always use eye cream I always put a lot
of moisturizer on my face but she was
like it's just dehydration because
you're the skin around your eyes is so
thin it's just really dehydrated so I
was like what do I using so I thought I
was using loads of really great products
around my eyes turns out I need
something a little bit stronger and more
rich so this is what I've been using
around my eyes now it's good I think
it's got hyaluronic acid in it and
hopefully they'll improve and not be so
dry in the future but my skin is looking
great today after that facial I think I
can see the difference it looks she's
more plump and glowy
so I'll leave a link to that and
treatment I had below as well I have to
leave for my date in our half an hour I
am meeting up with some of my circus
friends first for a quick drink because
they're in the area and I don't see them
in ages
and luckily enough it's right near the
venue where my day has chosen for our
date so I'm going to go beat them at
whor 6 and then meet my date are Hopf 7
so I'll show you what I'm wearing
quickly before I leave got a dilemma in
that I don't feel pretty today and I
don't know what to wear
I mean I used to have a date outfit I
would wear to every single date but
since I've been going on quite a lot
obviously it's not great to wear the
same thing and I'm trying to be a bit
better with Claire this as well like
proper get my juice out of all of them
so I just have one of those days I
didn't want to wear don't feel very
pretty I just did like a fringe wash in
the sink because I need to wash my hair
but I'm gonna leave it at the day so far
I've gorgeous a bag like
vest and a black skinny jeans and I sit
okay I think I'm gonna go for this I
bought this top at a charity shop at the
weekend for like four pounds I washed it
yesterday because it had a really
horrible dusty smell to it but now it's
all ready and I think it's quite cute
what do we think I think that would do
I've just kept the browsing underneath
right I think I'm ready to go there and
I packed my bag I will see you tomorrow
nah morning everyone I have a bit of a
headache last night date went really
well he was really lovely we ended up
going for food we went to Andina in
Shoreditch and we just ordered like
loads of dishes and shared them oh that
I need to go to that restaurant again
the food is delicious it's a really nice
date we had a couple laughs and he was
like I'd say the first true gentleman
that I've been on a date with in this
period have been single anyway like he's
just very gentlemanly and I haven't
found that with the men that I'm meeting
on tinder I really don't know what it is
maybe tinder men just don't want to make
an effort in a sense because probably
gone so many dates they don't know if
it's ever going to be worth it or will
amounts for anything so they just are a
bit lazy with like certain things but
this guy was a Jen and I will probably
see him again because we got them very
well I've decided to work in the living
room today because I've been working in
bedroom quite a lot recently and I
always find it really hard to sleep when
I when I work up in the bedroom
when I had an office down here I as soon
as I went up to bed I was out like a log
and that was really really special and
very rare because I've always had a bit
of an issue sleeping like falling to
sleep just takes me hours and but now is
the divide is getting a bit muddled
again so I'm gonna try working down here
today and hope that that helps me fall
asleep quicker here's an exciting one
today is I stand up for cancer this
evening so I'm heading there about 3
o'clock I think quite early I think it
starts around 5:00 or 6:00 I will leave
a link to it down below because it will
be live-streamed but then hopefully
published so you can catch up on it and
I'm doing a quite like a few challenges
I'm doing one challenge where I have
like to apply my makeup in 3 minutes
whilst bouncing on a trampoline
petrifying I'm definitely gonna make a
fool of myself
but it's all in the name for charity so
I'm fine with that
I am getting a bit worried guys because
I'm getting sports I'm petrified my acne
is coming back I don't know if you can
see but I have the biggest spot right
here
and it's very painful it's like right in
the corner I know it's so so painful I
had one here last week which came to a
white hedge as well I'll keep you
updated the rest of my skin looks fine
it's just those two been getting
slightly more concerned that my acne is
coming back onto film racketing Q&A
because I have so many people every
single day asking me questions about my
keychain like how old long I was on it
what my dosage was how long it took for
me to get even by dermatologists if they
can bleach their hair on it I get so
many of those questions every single day
you wouldn't you wouldn't even believe
how many I get so I thought would be
good just to make one complete video
answering everyone's questions so let me
know if you would like to see that and
I'll hopefully film it next week before
I go on holiday I can't be bothered to
cook lunch today so I'm just having a
snacky hey miss carrot celery
Anton of these I'm still obsessed with
these are so good I just curled my hair
using my new tongs
oh I'll show you them they're the ght
curved tongue classic curl and oh my God
look I love it so much it's my first
time using this and there's so much
light it's so much lighter than the
other tongues that I've been using which
is the enraptured you know what I don't
even think you can buy my M the tongues
I've been using for years now anymore I
looked them up the other day because I
was like all they're getting old I might
need to buy a new one but they're like
on the brink and that's why I got the
DHD one instead because I just couldn't
find the in rapture ones anywhere but
yeah I absolutely love how this has come
out I feel so weird at the moment I
don't know if you can tell but I feel
like my mood in this vlog has just been
really just not right lower than it
normally is a bit less me and I've just
been feeling a bit weird health-wise in
the past week and I think it's affecting
my day-to-day I think I need to go to
the doctor's there's two things that I
really like intruding my life and the
is my stomach I'm pretty sure I have IBF
I obviously had the tests for IBD
inflammatory bowel disease and that came
back negative but I do think I have
something wrong with my bowels TMI but
I've just been getting very anxious
recently about leaving the house because
I have quite a bad stomach when I leave
the house and whether I might I'm like
oh God am I going to need the toilet
this is TMI saurian I don't need to be
telling you about my bowels but it might
also be because I'm being really healthy
at moment and eating loads of vegetables
and my body maybe isn't used to that so
it could just be that bus do I don't
think I don't think it would be quite as
urgent if that make sense the second
thing is I am exhausted 24/7 I wake up
from a get 8 hour sleep and I am
exhausted I just had a nap I woke up
quite late today I woke up at 10:00 just
because I had a really late one last
night and then I just had to have a nap
at half one so that I was awake for
three and a half hours and I was like I
need to go back to bed I can't function
and this has been happening quite a lot
I just can't focus I can't concentrate I
just need to shut my eyes my mum has
this as well my mum and my sister
actually were all just very tired people
I don't really know what's wrong with me
and that I think maybe it's a thyroid
problem I don't know I need to do some
research like I said in last week's vlog
I think going for what run and getting
out the house definitely helps but
there's still absolute time I'm gonna
prepare for another eBay video because
you guys seem to like those so I'm
thinking of doing like eBay shoes or
bags for those who don't want to buy
clothes from eBay but like online the
eBay stores which sell clothes and bags
for under ten pound maybe budget so I'm
gonna do some research and see if
there's anything good I'm someone also
she suggested eBay home where or stuff
like that and I thought that was a great
idea but let me know if you'd like to
see that because I don't know if it'd be
it's just the clothes off that you like
whether you wouldn't mind like cheap
eBay home where fines
the best my now say I have to do my nose
and my lipstick was bouncing and
champagne impaired I hope you have
enjoyed today's vlog and a sneak peek
behind the scenes warning it's Saturday
today I have a day at home today before
I go out with some friends in the
evening we're going to go for dinner one
of them is leaving she's moving to
Australia for a year so we're going to
go and have like a goodbye celebration I
quickly wanted to show you something I'm
very into my ear piercings at the moment
as you may know very into jewelry in
general for the first time ever and I
bought myself some new earrings last
night on a source like 11 o'clock so I
bought them and they just arrived it's
like 9 o'clock and they've just come so
less than 12 hours amazing service so I
got these ones I love safety pin
earrings I wear them quite a lot anyway
but these ones are from Aldo they're all
around like the five to eight pound mark
these just general a source ones I love
like the little triangle and the square
as well as quite cool they got some pain
got rose gold studs I've just put the
little one I was wearing in there as
well
then I got these ones as well I love the
little moon it's someone to put some of
these in now so I've also got this metal
grid that I got from my birthday my mom
got it for me and I want to use it as a
jewelry stand but I'm not entirely sure
how to make that happen I've got these
like gold paper clips and I've just
really kind of haphazardly tried to hang
my necklaces of them although I'm not
really sure this is the best way I feel
like there's a much better way I just
need to do some research so if any of
you have any ideas of how I could kind
of in
I mean this grid to carry most of my
jewelry then do let me know again
no idea how I'm gonna do earrings how do
you guys store your jewelry that's what
I would like to know guys look at this
it's a double rainbow one they're so
bright I am all ready to go now I'm
gonna show you I'm wearing I'm wearing
these jeans which I've been wearing all
week and my old favorite back blazer I
had this in back and like a deep wine
red and I sold the red one on deepok
because I just didn't wear anymore but
this is the first time I'm wearing it in
ages is from River Island and I
absolutely love it it's like the only
smart blazer I have and then I'm wearing
the vest top from Sheen which has a deep
plunge like lace detailing but you can
see my bra underneath also gonna take
this cardi on top because it's getting
quite chilly out now and it keeps
raining today so I thought this would
work as rain cover and snuggly to keep
me warm
later tonight yes I'm all ready to go I
walk blog without a beach blanket
Babylon I think the last time I went
there was Valentine's Day 2014 so it's
been a very long time I'm looking
forward to it I looked at the menu again
quickly and the food looks brilliant so
very excited yeah I've just got home I
decided that I'm gonna end this look
here because next week's is gonna be a
little bit different I'm gonna start
next week this vlog from tomorrow Sunday
and then do it until Saturday when I get
on holiday and then I'm gonna save the
holiday book for the week after I hope
that makes sense I think I've had one
too many cocktails and I'm waffling also
you started to feel a little bit
nauseous I'm not gonna be into much and
that always makes me have a little bit
of a panic attack that I'm gonna be sick
I'm sure I'll be fine
I've made myself a peppermint tea so I'm
gonna have that and hopefully I will be
okay but yeah yeah I will see you
tomorrow for packing decluttering and
then next week yeah bye now
