my hair is just like making you look
like the Nutty Professor at moment oh
I'm just gonna leave it like that
good morning everyone and it is Thursday
and I am vlogging because I've got some
fun ma I think it's fun like tonight I'm
going to be working with L'Oreal
professionals so I thought that you guys
could come along with me to that because
it will be quite a nice evening and some
of my favorite girls are going to be
there and I'm going to get to meet some
of you guys so yeah I thought it would
be fun to just vlog that and then I'm
going to body power on Saturday and I'm
not working it for like the first year
in god knows how long and I'm just going
to go on Saturday because Ali is working
it so I'm just going to like maybe go
shopping in Birmingham for a little
while and then head to body power and
have a mooch around so if you see me I
hope you guys come and say hi because
they'll be really really nice and but
yeah so I have I've given myself kind of
the morning off because I'm liking
tonight with L'Oreal I was like I'm just
gonna take it easy
I've had quite a stressful week getting
some deadlines done because I've
obviously been away and stuff like that
so yeah I just thought I'm gonna take a
chilled morning the cleaner thing I've
been to the gym I've just faked and I'm
about to have some breakfast and yeah
then I'm going to sort of do my hair and
get ready for tonight and the weather is
absolutely beautiful today so I'm gonna
get my legs out but yeah so I just
thought I would vlog a little bit of my
week and why not now I need to eat
something cuz I'm starving
just having my usual vegan protein with
like a banana and a a nominal so just
finished up my makeup for the event and
and she did quite like how it's turned
out and obviously I've gone for like
kind of an all-nude look as usual do I
have a change no no and I've got a Mac
stripped down on my lips with honey love
over the top which at the moment is my
favorite little combo now I'm going to
do my hair cuz look at these little cows
these are like my little baby hairs and
they just never grow how cute are they
as my car pulling up outside how
exciting
so this is what I'm wearing I've got H&M
shorts on and ASOS a linen shirt
Cloe boots and a Louie bag and it is so
hot oh my god I can't even tell you I'm
literally oh I am literally sweating
like I've got a sweat - and it's not ok
but yeah I'm ready to go my cars outside
so I'm probably just gonna waste a
little bit more time though
he's no good in your blanking
hi everyone so it's Friday it's Friday
and I haven't actually blogged yet today
because I woke up this morning and I
just like I haven't done anything today
I feel like sometimes that I like like I
just don't stop I continue like going
going going all the time and then I just
kind of like crash and I had such a good
time last night it wasn't even you know
it didn't even feel like work it was
just it was so much fun the whole team
at L'Oreal professional were like
incredible and all of the girls up there
we just had such a good time but I just
woke up this morning and I was just like
I just felt that everything yeah I was
just sort of like sitting here thinking
about that and thinking about how much I
really want a mozzarella salad as well
what do we need for a salad salad salad
pal look in this straw okay so we've got
salad this is good this is a good start
when we want to have a salad
we have cucumber this is another good
start but there is definitely no
mozzarella in here so Oh phone keys
wallet have I got everything all right
that money go I'll look wonder anyway
scream at this has got to be the most
unflattering Joshua
oh you know Ali's been in my car what is
this crap that you listen to
so now that I finally had some food I'm
gonna sit and snuggle on the sofa and a
blanket and watch some TV
away Carly's get home from the gym
welcome time you went this far without
me yeah I did it without me good morning
everyone today is body power day so Ali
has left early this morning I would have
a lie-in because lucky for me I were
working it this year and he's gone up to
work with him from Body Works he just
did a photo shoot with them it's gotten
which he was seen in his blog on his
channel so if you haven't checked out
his channel yet I'll pop a link to his
below but what I'm going to do is I'm
going to have breakfast and I'm gonna
have my coffee and then I'm going to get
in my car and just hit the road up to
body power and she's going to min around
for a little while and see what's
happening I'm probably going to spend so
much money on like food and somebody I
do it with time but it's just going to
be nice
how the chills one and just relax and
have a look around that's what I'm
really looking forward to just sort of
chilling and enjoying body how because I
do actually enjoy it so yeah anyway
let's make some breakfast
so for breakfast I'm going to be having
some gluten-free low calorie pancakes
which I do have the recipe on my blog
and then to top the pancakes I'm going
to be popping on at some ski yogurt from
ala which is just in the natural flavor
and it's fat-free and it's high in
protein as well I just love the big tubs
that it comes in and it means I never
run out of them and then on top of the
yogurt I pop a teaspoon of Burt's sugar
which I asked Calgary Aven see know who
is the health editor at Vogue and she
said that this is perfectly good to have
as a substitute for sugar so I don't
really like the process one so this is
just a natural sugar and then I'm going
to work a load of berries on top as well
so there you have it that is my lovely
little pancake recipe this is on my blog
but I will also pop this in the
description box so if you want to
recreate it you can I thought it might
also be quite fun to mention that you
can also enter a competition with Allah
and scared yogurt you can win return
flights for to to Reykjavik in Iceland
where you'll have private transfers for
nights accommodation in a four-star
hotel and breakfast for two adults with
blue lagoons trips for two and a
Reykjavik food walking tour for two
adults and travel insurance as well all
you have to do is upload your own little
recipe to Instagram and use the hashtag
to share my skin so yeah I just thought
that was a nice little competition to
mention that I've never been to Iceland
so I'm going to be uploading mine in the
hope that I get to win because I really
really want to go to Iceland now that
I've had my treat it's time for Lummi to
have hers he wanted how much do you want
it obviously I'm wearing the sportswear
to go to body power because it seems
weird if you don't but I've just got my
jagged leggings on which I just love the
the detailing around the ankle I've got
my Chanel trainers a sweaty Betty vest
and this is a jumper that is from
Topshop by actually customized it
because I think I got it too small I got
in a petite range which meant it was
really short so I just cut it and then
my Chanel bag and I've done my signature
ponytail so if you want to have a look
at this hairstyle I popped a link to
this video in the description box as
well there's lots of stuff going on in
the description box today I just arrived
I'm gonna go in the alley and get my
pass the dry down on like by myself is
really boring but I hope I can find my
car as well but let's go find out
the other guy can actually talk to you
guys like it's quite frustrating what to
do is like show you what's going on
boom and we just gonna have some lunch
and then we're going to head back out at
mobile even find some like peanut butter
I would advise really really good peanut
butter buy the best cleanup I've ever
had in my life that's why I'm on high
school so ya gonna have to go find
okay did somebody get my camera and get
my wallet because I just mental exam and
I've had a bomb and Buster armor after
his birthday cake oven Buster and it's
the best thing that I've ever had in my
life I literally can't believe this so I
came back to get my card
cuz I'm going to buy air and I'm going
to try the other plate as well and then
I'm going to buy the moon as well
why not my body power body power so
that's it we finished for body power
this year what I've already done
anything all I've done is walked around
and bought peanut butter
what is ally doing Andy what are you
doing Jane okay um so yeah now we're
gonna go and get our cars and head home
and hopefully get some food as well
because I'm really really hungry I
haven't really stopped eating anything
my little pipi
