good morning welcome to another weekly
vlog over here on sprinkle of chatter
let me preface the preface the blog by
saying one I am so happy that the secret
out the secret out for I am pregnant
because holding that in in weekly vlog
was very difficult I have felt just
terrible like like ill terrible and I
just never felt like you could say it
was always like oh I've had in maps I
didn't sleep well I was like I don't nap
because I felt like I was dying
also this week is set to be super hot
like today it's there see some like
early 30s and upper 20s I don't cook
well in the heat so I'm going to try and
end out edit out all the times I moan
about how hot it is but you know there's
people that like moan or years and they
want some sunshine and then they moan
that it's too hot that's nice there's
annoying people on Facebook the right
gets really hot like we all know it's
really bloody hot don't need to write it
on Facebook but I am that woman
good good now we don't know where we
stand
my room is an absolute shit tip like
honestly there's just mess and shit
everywhere
I don't care it is too hot timing
anything and I've got a scan in not very
long until with my phone please where
you know where it is the time is 20 to 1
and I can scan it to a really exciting
let me just turn the fan off I'm super
super excited about having a scan had a
bit of and I wanted to talk about this
one off I will just briefly I had a bit
of a scare on Friday and which I won't
go into I might talk about it in the
video design which resulted in going
into hospital for just an emergency scan
and like if it ever checked and stuff
and so it's going to be nice today to
have another scan and just check that
everything is and as we wouldn't it
would be so now you have some food don't
judge me but this is the inside of my
fridge and nothing's looking
particularly
like but you really want to drink it
look I'll find came over and bought
wines because you have this like thing
that they very kindly brought me Fleur
the spot I might actually have some of
this it's basically not wine wine
obviously a contouring us now but I
might have a glass of that scanned done
and it was so cute the card so warm that
I my makeup wetting of my face it was so
cute
sees a little baby it wasn't a clearer
picture as I've had before I think
because I made the mistake of not
drinking loads and loads of points I'll
show you the picture quite blurry but
see what you can see here we are you can
make out here the nose lips chin head
back and then a few leg and the arms you
can't quite do that fit into the arms
and in the other picture what don't
think it can oh you can see one hand up
here both say very cute they are so we
aren't going to go and collect a scene
out of school and and she's having a
friend around tonight so I'm already
knit towel after the scan to being cute
and I bought a hearth and a sprinkler so
I'm going to try and set that up but
it'd be nice to return a friend to play
the garden hooray Florence then I've
been a brought a lot of strawberries and
chopped up a ton of water and look at
all of this I'm going to put all that in
there and the kids are out there in the
hot tub and we're sitting on have a nice
time outside bought this hose today with
all the attachments at me and Frances
another intelligent highly people woman
can't do it so we're just making the
kids till the watering can to fill the
super fun paddling pool make it a fun
game that goes that's so much more fun
than the hoses alone yeah so neighbor
brought their problems it with its RT
and he's nine weeks old what sort of dog
its it is a question Akaka emic Emily
a Cocker blue yeah Carla shut you
doodles on to do their grant ajudar one
more yappy birthday we're doing an ice
cream factory
mummy just gave in in Waitrose I thought
all sorts of sweets to put on basically
it sugar on top of sugar once in a while
got to do it how many doodles yeah yeah
oh yeah going there about the girl he
saw a flying saucer in the sky some
smoke remember in it and they wave to
say flew by it's so warm but I just had
to have a cold shower
I whipped off it better Oh God had a
cold shower I'm not naked I have got a
towel and now I'm going to just go
unwind clear up some having it whenever
it's to annoy if we had like a friend to
school and her daughter then my
next-door neighbors oh my god and her
children came and got their puppy which
is very nice a rare item and then why
aren't he came acts it's a birthday
weekend
she's doing really nice I'm just taking
bolt out if anyone else at this pretty
gross habit as I take food upset sweet
like feel really that's like that and
then I just leave the bowl that says and
like girl that's really Megan and how I
got the Sun um now I think I'm going to
just get it into the hot tub I haven't
actually had a hot tub on my own it's
always like kids in it with me
or Liam I'm gonna sit in this and enjoy
this view and just so nice that we
people that say apparently can't a lot
too you can select a princess setting we
can set it to a pregnancy safe
temperature that doesn't select your
basal temperature raise over a set
amount something rather but how good
I'll get you to the combat so I can see
but yes that's what I'm doing for you
tomorrow bye good morning it's just
before the school run and if I could
have had a genie in a bottle so what is
your wish this morning
would be not to have to say every single
thing 8000 times it would be to say it
shorts on and shorts go on can you find
your pee issues and PE shoes get found
you never sit for that water and a sip
get taken but instead how much I say it
something everything eight thousand
million times hotter than you
lifting it'll pass or didn't kill it was
the key passed on hey this is the kind
of moment that I would have normally cut
out of the weekly vlogs up until now
because you didn't know I was pregnant
but well I feel good at all and this is
this is not unusual or uncommon for me
I've been doing this now since I thought
well I found out at the end of April and
say the beginning of May I started to
feel this way so basically I feel I'm
very very rarely actually sick but I
feel that my tummy is swirling a bit and
like bubbling around and my throat feels
like it's doing that like hosing thing I
got what you think you're gonna do it it
just it drains the joy out of me I think
that's what I hate the most I think I
could cope with feeling shitty and
rubbish if I could still feel joyful but
just makes me think like oh nail
appointment in less an hour and I don't
want to go to that and I am Thompson
having friends and again tonight like a
playdate I want to do it I have to do
these things because these are part of
my day and my life but oh god I can't
wait to not feel like this every day
SPF Chloe's kept up with her new year's
resolution
comment below now if you can remember
what it was I don't think I've ever been
more invested in a new year's resolution
than Chloe
okay Chloe the people of the internet
need to know I actually got like the
discount that made this phone hot I kind
of called it likewise I think it counts
as you guys may not worry episode 1
Aaron - Aaron you haven't very good very
good
we've got the hose working paddling pool
great time I'm having another wave
success it's some type of fun but the
baby makes mommy feel a bit sick
sometimes this is not very good mmm oh
that was just right behind that camera
life doing this reading she's just
looking everything's very good okay bye
there dear my god
and I see you and me together because
your skin is so beautiful I found that
the bag you are getting a tan you're so
lucky she definitely got her dad's genes
and she can get a tan as he can get tans
and I just go like a little bit redder
than usual you're lucky girl groans good
you know yeah I'll come and catch you if
you want or if granddad feels up to
driving he can drive you girls very nice
that's what someone looks like lovely my
friends have gone home now that just
doodles having a little splash is that
good manners so cold it's not cold um
yeah I didn't film any of her it's
awkward to film also half the time going
naked why did you do this ah
does he put some things which is a hot
tub
and they fell out a day that's amazing
how that happened and yeah they half a
ton into there cause he's off and I
don't know was it like the can't
somebody it's all the grass is very wet
and had the hose on has it been good
don't you do that here from one holder
don't maybe you said it wasn't closed
all right oh hi all right we should come
to bed I'm going to get in the hammock I
think have you sprayed hammock yes all
you little monkeys could someone please
tell me if these are charities because
look a lot like the are cherries and if
they are shows are they ones I can eat
or another no and cherries to grow in
England like this don't you think these
are real cherries well let's wait to it
in some research they don't want us to
eat them and then not feel well we
should see what happens if you squash
one see what I can't smell anything not
sure it's the one let me know colonies
if they are cherries that is gonna be
really really exciting someone let me
know dusty has a school assembly this
morning which means I can't just walk up
looking like shit to drop her off and
just wear giant sunglasses the kind of
disguise the fact that reason like that
sir I've spent a bit of time like you
know Florence doesn't say something
you look socially acceptable
something was lovely and now I'm here
with the ones the internet sensation is
not a blog without a cameo from Esther
as the water you think of the children's
performance absolutely these lovely
hilarious at times that very motivation
is very very well beautiful souls and
now with order breakfast from over here
which will soon be here among my
breakfast is a vision in stage Esther
yours are quite similar and that police
grant oh yes future yeah very healthy
very healthy by having a plethora of
things to do say I've decided that as
soon as it's just a bluff with Esther
shopping you already give you one hour
though that one out on what gesture need
to get and I'm taking some things back
and then I'm thinking about getting
underwear then who knows we could be
more than an hour can't really be
they're coming
oh I don't forget passage there you've
got children nowadays really idea I want
just like chosen to farm them out summer
releasing that in the he said you would
talk about it will driller Kiki Kiki yes
underwear and my mask I need to get
something my hair got a little bit crazy
he just lost nice I like to procedure
and just what one room the jet think
I've been waiting in terminals about
porphyria there's one member of stuff I
wish it and trade in them no on that and
it's like you happen also
now L chair when maybe one day we'll
leave this shop but I kind of what life
was like before I came into demonym I
can't remember the face of my child off
to take the pressure on my mum really
they look like you're getting a
cheekbone
you look glorious as to how do you feel
very common and like to have amazing
people at the right time so he lends me
now after Houston Emily I mean I try
specific care s has brought me a passion
gush mine is a large passion gush the
author is a regular passenger ship I
think that surprised Oh
unless the ticket in the booth and I'll
just open your little towel
Oh Holly there I've played two pounds to
my ticket but I've left it in the boot
of the car are you able to let me out
please
I've paid for my ticket I played two
times my ticket and I've left it in the
boot of my car which I'm now rising are
you able to let me out please
I have a car behind me I want to stop
here and go and get it out then okay I
apologize the inconvenience but it
prevents this a bit thank you
good lord or robots tempest here we go
so we're doing old and we go there we go
yeah right um Freedonia so effing hot
that I'm basically just doing all the
housework is in my really sexy beige bra
I don't know where what yesterday but in
the evening we went out for a meal me
Liam I was just not in the mood to film
I'm so emotional everything got to me oh
my god do you love me do you really love
me not that woman was that woman always
have breath it's worse than prison or
any just been afternoon and it's just
thin and I'm so excited because I've
been keeping all the ideas for why like
me too
well it's not going to cool part like me
but while to all like in a file in my
head and also actually a laptop I've
been writing them and then I told them
all and like map it all out and time
lined it and basically when I start
writing the next while next month so so
that buzzy with ideas I just come
upstairs oh hi my bed you're not
supposed to be on necklace even if your
heads everywhere is actually quite
revolting yes
no I'm going to do some work sleeves on
my home sedan is hours a day to tell me
what made not worry milk sick so we're
happy about um checking within a bit
because I don't have to ask you tonight
I am at Claire's having a bit of dinner
and I hope in bed but I got that baby a
baby make very broody I'm just gonna sit
out can have and plus snacks miss any
baby and have a little halo without it
yes and enjoy the evening Louise are you
starting today with a clip where you're
standing in your bathroom butt-naked yes
yes I am because that is how I roll
these days I am pregnant and crate
good morning I'm going to get showered
and get sorted I'm writing an article
for Mary Claire today which is another
exciting class
reflect anything I'm going to get back
to you when a and where my contact
lenses and B I'm wearing clothes in one
of Alphaeus blogs recently I saw that he
was having some extra healthy granola
with berries I just want to point out
that I too and having some bread toast
with seeds in it which is similar to
granola and some apples and green and
some orange juice so see how I'll face
of course I just spied I'm subtle I bet
doing some work well guess I won't be
drinking out of that class again guess
who doesn't like shit anymore
first I was weak I'm converting for the
toilet I'm going to very local doctors
don't go to sperry because we focused
will you move in the bedroom Oh rather
than just going up to it you're just
going to go somewhere because of all the
one toilet knowledge self-loving
exciting I feel like I've really made in
the world and then we are going to get
Daffy from school and go see my grandma
she's still in a really bad state
lately having problems with her hips and
the medication she's been put on for her
hips and then she's been put forward for
a hip replacement and she's had one done
last year which was successful which is
great now she's the other one doing
turtles beetles have it done which got
us that worked up and they couldn't do
it on her because her heart rate was to
hide it feel so sorry for it because I
mean I wouldn't want to be in that
position and my granddad went into
hospital yesterday because he's got some
health complications - so I really mean
I'll just be quite blunt about this I
really do love to be the last time I see
her or a fucked up thing to say on a
vlog
yeah I mean I like to think that these
slobs are always quite cheery and let
hearted and like up but I mean no one's
life is just up every day I mean I've
got to do it face the realities of life
and throughout the life on us sometimes
but you know it's not fuck
like great health and yada yada so
that's not really going to do now
go and see good old grandma Peggy with
my sister and Ozzy and they're gonna
come to and I'll see where we are with
the vlog and I definitely will end it
whether I end it today or tomorrow I'm
not sure meant to be going out tonight a
restaurant for 30 rock experimenting
Medini per second a baby and with some
of the mums from school see if you feel
quite ropey by the afternoon evening
time so see how I go anyway cos your
update my sister says how about a nice
time cause of work to do this is it
singing physical singing - eg mind she
doesn't
traumatic SEMA spray little thought she
was going to oh my god
we radical of the right I'm going to be
primitive in it yeah cannot see the
right here oh my god get up and kiss my
cuddle right it's Saturday morning now
this is me until today cuz means at work
what you up to my last mmm does he is
doing play max we got ourselves a nice
very nice I want is stage games of stage
game singing so it's the order system of
that and then it's a nice insisted one
after cool this is not where you're
supposed to be hello sir isn't not what
you're supposed to be he had TomTom good
boy oh that's why I can't make my bed
yeah gets to be making with that but
this is happening thank you very much
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha and thus
concludes the weekly vlog I hope you
enjoyed it this week it's been really
nice for me to be able to people on bit
more honest and open with you about the
pregnancy as time goes on algae bump
shots and that it self-conscious at the
moment because I'm a bigger girl anyway
so I don't know like what familes baby
basically kitty cat rig no flu that's
good or I see I'll call it a day there
just get out of it I'm going to change
my channel nation to buy my book hi I
don't buy my book ah ha that's nice and
I'll see you next Sunday another amazing
weekly vlog bye
delicious
