good morning everybody - time is 9:30 in
the morning but it's actually not in
actually 2:30 in the morning I'm
jet-lagged
I've got back from LA like a day and a
half ago so I woke up for my alarm went
off and honestly I can't even tell you
how tired I am I had a shot of coffee
before I left and I supposed to get the
coffee on an empty stomach makes me feel
really anxious and I didn't get to see
anything because then running late so
anyway I'm at a thing I don't really
know what it is a thing there's a you
know building behind me basically for
most things I've done a million times
before but it was a really good one so
often people invite me to go on stage
because I live in London these things
happen in London you're on stage and
talk about the industry I find myself in
so being an influencer oh by the way I
hate the word into the words because it
I think it implies that I'm
Machiavellian and using my influence for
no good which obviously I'm not I just
want to talk to you guys myself anyway
so Lily pebbles she behind me somewhere
I think no she's gone she was behind
somewhere so me and her going on stage
with a couple of people who work for
this company and then a whole audience
of people who are interested in this
industry so you work for brand people
just interested in you know what we do I
suppose generally and but yeah I'm going
to go on there now I'm hoping I'm gonna
wake up a little bit before I go on
stage as envoys I'm going to just look
what what's going on and also I might
try and get snack because I do feel a
bit jittery other get anxious it's a
little bit kind of um worried when I
have caffeine on and I always get it and
I always think of food but you know how
to what dude yeah anyway
YouTube Java as fashion blogger
we have clinic level and the food
challenges I think at the moment so when
I first like this job like seven years
ago there were three people in were able
to really think so although the market
immunity is tiny and platforms tiny I
was the best of a bad bunch now anyone
can make content you know we need a
camera and access the Internet and later
on when I got margins my words are small
with growing and people were consuming
but not actually creating out what you
made and as I started to grow they told
me do fun things like a free t-shirt or
a trip to London or whatever it was and
something looks a lot less interesting
I could eat this guy so they'd end up in
content as a result now I had a head
start a bit of time I started ultimately
doing it but I think now more and more
and more and more people are creating
content because it is quite easy to do
that not everyone has success that I've
been lucky enough to have a Texas own
personality to get somewhere but it so
saturates and how that is really
important for people who ought to work
and influencers and to pick the right
person and I actually think people about
the longest and partnerships for me I
it must be spoke about something I'm
really invested in rather than I can
one-off jobs you know what another thing
today which is you know
I don't deserve any more I'm not being a
professional in that out I only work
around that I concede potential to
compete on a growth and something that I
can reward ones I think one was the main
issue as seventeen into my person and
they cook them Sonny and I got a Jesus
I'm a little bit of me on stage with the
big Lily pebbles here hi mate how you
doing good we're getting a car now and I
think it went well
I think the jet lag brain kind of keep
seeing John poignant I kind of I think I
repeat my time yes I always like those
things it's interesting to give people
who don't understand what we do a real
insight from like the horse's mouth
works and that's good what do you think
LP yeah I feel like I can just talk
about it I we did kind of have like
Pennock didn't there are two other
people on stage with us and some of the
questions isn't from the audience but I
reckon just me and Lily and we got so
carried away a little bit we're going
you know I would say to me yeah and this
and I'll go yeah and this and then yeah
you look good though and I feel like we
made it may be educated some people
excellent all right listen Glee but I'm
so hungry
and I'm a bit angry and I hope you enjoy
everyone but if you want to call so I'm
going to get some food
sing it now what has me say too late for
breakfast too early for lunch but I need
Elise I'm going to get something now and
another back and Azim and I'll do stuff
and ask important people
I feel respect with you would be expand
yeah I walking on bumping it away I walk
into someone's mirror and now you can
see two of me and one day me unique
right lady this also with regard is one
short-haired
rights down it's got my sunglasses
another thing is right it's slightly
weird time please I don't know what I'm
going down the lunch Avenue or the
breakfast Avenue and regardless when
you're jetlag eating at the wrong time
is really bad because it kind of
encourages your brain to think that
you're eating up an L a time rather the
sort of UK time I don't know it's let's
go they deal if I want three they just
had a breakfast it's you
useless they're just talking about my
email my phone I think he wants wrong
brunch where I get drunk I don't even
know anymore
only the damage way
back in the office and I'm so la so this
is my breakfast
splash lunch well I decided is go small
now and I can go big for lunch right so
I've got an egg rat basically the egg is
the wrap inside is avocado and various
stuff I've got coconut water I've got a
ginger shot and the hope that'll wake me
up and then I've got this smoothie I
forget what's in it but it smells of
grass
it's got avocado and pineapple and other
various things in it and I'm going to
eat them all now ginger shot time that's
quite a big shot and quite a narrow
opening which means is I'm going to pour
it in my mouth before I swallow so um
see what you do when you have a shot
anyway but it's like a long time before
in my mouth but anyway thumbs up zing
tense I like ginger but I'll let me up
at least looking in the office being
very sociable my brother only on alright
fellas look at them miserable sauce yeah
lots time so I haven't really office for
a week over a week yes about a week and
I got a few things a lot of letters in
here from viewers I won't show you
because they're sort of stuff but let me
show you what I do have put a couple of
snacks and Tom Ford here this one has a
fragrance cool
sold it for the tunnel actually got
impounded for three nine
would like that Oh kind of minute yeah
yeah nice yeah I also have three bigger
things all over body spray gnarly
another robotic brain stirrer
slightly different blue brother all
nobody's brain mandarina amalfi another
all mental expect and very shaded blue
dinosaur things here I've got a dinosaur
others I mean I love dinosaurs and I
love cookie but they had to small are
they release for babies I also have a
pencil case with various dinosaurs and
extinct mammals on there I'm a little
card that came with it with also
dinosaur and the card is from the people
are oh dear so thanks oh dear people can
i I'm not sure what tops that came from
no note with this one maybe also come
down here because oh I kind of thought
maybe not took a different dinosaur
theme but maybe scary idea people thank
you a lot of youngsters anyone can let
us know Clarins men tanning booster that
work but nobody how that works
wears like a cream but on your face yeah
oh really on your face apparently okay
cool interesting this exciting this is a
philips sonicare and it's called the
airsoft pro i had one of these before
and I dropped it and a rope yet but had
it for a long time and basically like
flossing but without coughing so I hate
flossing because I think it's
impractical and you're carrying around
with you everywhere and it is annoying
this guy you just put up your teeth and
you pull up your Clippers button and
shoot air and water portunity and
expensive sauce flowing
but Wow Gnosticism if they think helps
prevents gum disease enough though I
actually answer and it's also a gadget
alleges well so I have I'm not current
this one's from Zegna right oh my god
that's not my granddad in a good way no
way my my ground my granddad passed away
legs like eight years ago and that I
brought back so many memories
it's called awkward the iris lovely so
my grandpa love Brandon Cove which to
make sure the crap on them
wait what's front so we got in front
what are these holes for probably
venting water rises those oh yeah
sometimes someone brings face good into
gleam and we have cronuts here I've
never tried for that in fact the author
oh no that's a doughnut isn't it yeah
exactly growing odds are pretty nice I'm
gonna try a cronut never try go on that
one yes try a little bit for me get a
nice which one what's good
I've had this one okay I bet that one
so much for being healthy whatever it is
you know then it is cronut late night so
the question is a donut and a prophet
yeah and it's baked good isn't it
performs really good I bet John won't
have any so John you'll know he broke
your shoulder when we were snowboarding
and now are you eating really healthy
now various hello alright I didn't know
this
so we'll what like - well baby - yeah so
I figured with your shoulder you can't
train and John trains a lot because he
cared so much he eats anything but I
think because of that maybe you wouldn't
but who's been doing you eating more
food well hang on I'm going to come down
if I sit down this hard am I going to
ruin shoulder all right yeah and I'm
going to sue you hungry my tummy we're
going to come I'll come for the
expressions we're looking at the LA I'm
actually writing this be some meaningful
place to please anybody little tiny firm
let's go here tear okay cool come with
us it's lunchtime now we took that new
sushi joint called you be why was it why
oh why oh oh bi because the Lily pebbles
recommended it to her but she know what
is cool and said just good newbie so we
were googling it by collecting snooze
but we found it in the end and I have
gone for 16 Maki rolls would you
ridiculous because the cast they come in
sets of eight and I thought eights not
enough 16 too many but if I need more
kronor
I want to had to order 16 you know I'm
making some really up someone's over to
service by eating not enough doughnut
silly me anyway here we are I've got a
tuna one here and I've got it looks like
crab but I think I ordered prom so I
guess I'll investigate I got some wasabi
peas I got two lots of everything
because they're obviously older - lot so
I've got the pickle and the wasabi soy
sauce soy sauce a green juice here hand
to another chopsticks because really
Maki rolls should be invited people
procrastinate you for a little while now
but those a book work to do but my issue
is that my I've been working for three
days on something on my book recently
and then my computer crashed and lost
all that's it so now I'm facing the go
back over I've already done it's like we
not want to it I am doing it I want to
go past that point are but you'll be
full steam ahead but I'm just having a
bit of a moment of self painting about I
think but anyway I'm nearly there now
the last couple days been working on it
and I'm nearly back to where I was which
is a good thing and actually in
hindsight maybe losing it the first time
means I can might be better than that if
I don't know but I'm doing now writing
away as a good point
I'm leaving the officer office by clean
by everyone
that's Crowell I'm either it miserable
humming right now right heading out I'm
heading home
I can't believe I've spent all day here
so we what does we finish to talk about
me patiently in part well and now it's
all smart sixteen and the good thing is
that now the weather the investor has
online outside the bad thing is is that
then why not I mean I've worked all day
I've been busy all day and I've nearly
got back to where I was in the book
prior to my laptop my clothing but now
it's the end of the day and yeah and
actually I would carry I'm working now
but I've set myself a goal to stop
working six o'clock every day and doing
something else that I really want to do
some script writing something I want to
work on is writing shows how things I
have to go anywhere but I really like
the idea so if I to enroll myself on a
script writing course which is a four or
five day thing in a week an amount of it
is that yeah and I've got a list of
things to watch which is honestly so
long by very cool about twenty films to
watch and about four seasons of shows or
July I'm obviously not going out times
water everything but I think it's a
really good product like a lover I love
writing and my book be honest I'm coming
toward the end of writing it thank you
I'm coming toward ending writing my book
now which is really exciting but then
I'll be like what do I write now so
that's why I want to focus on
I'm doing more like it's going on of
course but I have a ton of things for
watching going to go home now
and probably watch an old film
I'm home and my fridge is over Liam yeah
I forgot we got back from LA on Monday
and it's now Wednesday and we landed on
Monday fell asleep working all day
yesterday was more like a day and I
haven't had chance to fill up the fridge
so it looks like I'm having takeaway for
dinner tonight
to be fair I a 15 of those 16 sushi
rolls but that was hours ago now and I'm
absolutely starving the reason I left
one sushi roll actually is because there
wasn't really any sushi in it
the others were full and that ones that
have time you'll be in it and I thought
you know what don't need it not in the
last one my dogs around so maybe I'll
see my daughter-in-law happy because
then for a little while but I think
she's asleep
Martha so you give me little Qi
Mopsy here comes the hive just want to
come say hi here she is right next my
wife's foot now my wife has a very weird
outfit on because she's been auditioning
and choosing a tape for an acting role
she's going for and her outfit very
weird I'm not going to show you in early
yeah Miriam's got a lot separate oh hey
hey say hi to my camera you're never my
videos anymore
BQ sounds rock beat yet be cute kiddo
oh okay sure like I'm like you well let
you have that one okay me the Ricky that
time oh yeah delicious
she's so longer than she you're
basically like a maggot with legs near
that she's like organs so bullied you
have no idea how lucky your life is
young lady I'll make you an offer you
can't refuse
I'm Daryl and president behind me when
it were why the black I just played The
Godfather but Oh coming
I've never seen this time I've got to
watch Godfather 1 & 2 in preparation for
this course I'm going on and that's have
never seen either of them but they've
been on my watch list my parcel watches
for a long time so
yes I'm going to actually to have the
Film Fest and learn some stuff about
filmmaking so cool I'm going to end it
here because now all I'm going to do is
sit here and watch watch this
I've ordered some Thai food that's it I
will see you see you real soon
for a normal video and I'm gonna try and
do one of these mugs maybe once a week
into something I also have plans for
doing more content on my channel I'm
planning on doing one video every Sunday
and then at least one video during the
week it'll be one of these or something
slightly different maybe even up to four
days a week like around to it anyway
gotta go is going to miss this fight
