good morning Los Angeles and everyone
else around the world watching this good
morning thank you for choosing a coffee
do you like the space space sunglasses I
forgot my camera by the way so if we got
my camera hence why I'm vlogging off me
old fawn I have come to the gym this
morning which I don't you think him
Marcus you got dodgy leg you can't walk
why you guys the gym well that is no I
have this thing right if I don't go to
the gym for like a while it really
frustrates me I get going to gym makes
me feel really good basically it
releases like any stress you have it
makes you feel good about the day and
like just today it's just good obviously
I've got migraine thing I know I'm just
going to the gym to do some upper body
stuff and it won't affect my going I'll
just do some chilled stuff so yeah
that's what I am doing matt is still
back at the house and then I'm probably
gonna grab some food and then we're
filming today so why is that was a plan
there we go
I yeah I've just cleaned on my netbook
sorry about that Jim was good managed to
do stuff about her my leg yeah guys
today you so back on the camera I
haven't really blogged much today
because we've been filming main Channel
video today so it's been just filming
really but we've come out just filming
in it in an out video so you'll see that
very soon and now we're gonna head up to
Griffith Observatory because we want to
go see a pretty view so I thought yeah
why not let's drive up there so from
where we are now it's a 27 minute drive
so five miles Griffith Observatory we go
by in and out feel very American this is
very American isn't it like a drink like
that I mean it's only water but like in
your car it's at a stoplight see it it
said stop right there cuz I'm American
with a policeman do controlling traffic
you don't do that in London you don't
think oh yeah I'll grab a plastic cup
and drink out of it very American
Mal's drive-in celebrity bar let's go
there choking it where that's where they
actually hang out Johnny Depp go Leo leo
Hollywood Hollywood Boulevard is that it
oh that's amazing
that's cool yeah it's Hollywood
boy it's Hollywood and why you saying
that carpool karaoke just my name you
much for wanting to be free the carpool
karaoke take two this is for you because
you don't know the words as the all car
newest biggest fan I reckon I walk on us
Larry's the new I just wanted you to
know I feel like being a of my studio
six famous famous famous
it's a pretty cool view girlis and over
there it's the Hollywood sign if you
look really closely you might be able to
see it I can't see it I've lost it but
it is there somewhere the observatory I
mean the view is gonna be more amazing
up there but just that side alone
there's incredible it's so beautiful up
here
hey you are you okay oh he's found this
spot he's rushing over I'm trying to
rush over that is the view just downtown
least we're light wind
the fringe is worse than a good lighting
I don't really know what this is
I've just walked in here fingers a
clever clever mathematical
whoa
okay my favorite thing in the world is
watching people pose mother nature's eye
they just cut this weird body shape and
these weird look out of nowhere and it
seems that we've just done they're like
back and snap into normal it just makes
me a more healthy maybe thought she
poses recently I really there's so many
people opposite me don't know I really
want to film them by this woman
excavated she's just out yeah when she's
done this view is incredible it's
amazing my sushi looks amazing
