good morning guys it is currently three
minutes or sober a 2/4 tonight we've got
a fight okay go to walk and talk we've
got like five minutes to be at the vets
guys we've got a vet appointment at 9:45
so I've got five minutes literally woke
up ten minutes ago so I just know some
tracks see bombs and a t-shirt that wore
like two days ago
mmm delicious nice and dirty right right
right right let's go to the vets my hair
is disgusting
I need have a shower as soon as I get
back not only excited that's not a
speaking what now that should we kind of
walk another she gonna walk my e camera
has got barely any charge don't rember
the last time I blog all I know is that
I've literally just been doing so many
jobs we like tidying and cleaning the
house and sawing out with the washing
because I've got so many clothes to wash
it is absolutely so emotional and now
let's clay non his clothes
I mean her like beds and blankets and
toys and stuff like that and what else
do we heard worse my mum has been over
for coffee and bought buzz over and they
were actually really calmed together
which is good we have Zoe what else have
we done
wait did we go to the best today that
feels like ages ago
I don't even know guys we have literally
I haven't even got dressed yet
like these are dirty clothes from like a
day or two ago and these tracksuit
bottoms I need to have a shower I
haven't even done my hair although we
did go and get lunch actually we won't
manage we walked to a local shop and we
only got lunch and we took Nala for a
walk but I didn't vlog yet my camera's
got no charge I need to put my camera in
charge again I'm going to now so I'm
gonna it's also like just off to lunch
Sun I'm going to put my camera charge
I'm going to edit yesterday's vlog and
then I'll catch you in a bit
and we'll get up to some fun the new
daily vlog is live right now oh my god
I'm so excited right I just got out Oh
nada literally nearly trod on you oh my
gosh
right I just got out of the shower huh
my nipples I just got out of the shower
no it didn't
why I said that three times I just got
out of the bath and something kind of
happened in the bath guys you may have
seen on Twitter you may have not because
you might not all follow me basically I
was in the bath you know the deal you
taking selfies not that kind of self but
you're just taking normal selfies in the
bath to upload and Twitter I basically
put all my hair into like a little bun
and made into like a unicorn don't know
why I thought it was funny I'm 21 years
old but I do that kind of stuff and drop
my iPhone 6 in the bath so I grabbed it
like inci literally like a ninja like it
dropped or not I still got it out
straight away took the case off of it
dried it over towel it all seemed to be
working and then I put it in a bowl of
rice I don't know why I think it is
because the rice sucks out the water I
don't know everyone just says you have
to put if you ever drops on the in the
bath like technology or in the toilet
you put it in rice so moment of truth
then did a dirt better then don't done
is it going to work ha
it's working but what is that the cable
accessory is not certified the may not
work reliably with this iPhone I haven't
got a cable plugged into it the screen
seems to be working fine I mean nice
background Alfie
right now let's try the audio I'm so
scared about this oh that's good isn't
it you can hear me yeah yes guys it's
working the only thing is that it said
on the screen as you saw this accessory
does not work with this charger and it
wasn't plugged into a charger so that's
the only thing I'm scared about right
this is the selfie that I was taking
everyone are you ready
it's not so great this run this one and
then drop my phone oh my god picture why
she dropped oh that's my arm yeah I let
my little mole that's my arm as I
dropped it I made an agreement with Zoe
earlier that if she takes not like Babu
because nyla needed a poo at the time
that I would make her dinner some
agreement is an agreement and now just
put the kettle on I have to make her
dinner don't you take it
ciao oh that's my willing use Twitter
Moni what I should do it
no you're a little crazy one look at you
she is also look-alike glitter on my
stomach from the bath all night in the
bath I find update guys is bad it's
really bad my iPhone was completely
working as you saw earlier completely
then it started like changing the volume
up and down by itself and then the phone
just so nice are going crazy like two
hours a night after that that is
half-past ten in the evening now let me
have dinner ages ago then we watched
Angus thongs and perverts not getting
those IV knowledge just even a sofa and
I've just come from it if YouTube and
chill time while they're sleeping
because I don't want to go to bed for
like another half an hour or something
like that and my phone just start going
this really like vibrating I'm crazy
flashing now let me show you I can let
this turn it on the screen just isn't
touched Oh oh my god it moved a little
bit it's basically just
ie that it's just not touchscreen
anymore oh I've been talking somebody
called Karli super super nice from
America and on Apple strong website like
one of the chat helping system things so
the door that I don't don't door
I am the blue she is the gray chat let
it focus that's not her that's just an
Apple employee picture she but I'm doing
great thanks for ask him but a good
thanks oven door my friend in the bar a
grabbed it straight away and used a
towel which seemed to work everything
was normal a try calls etc then I put it
in voice for two hours apparently helps
I didn't want to see like an idiot but I
why would you put him right now the
touchscreen won't work so I can't do
anything
I'm Apple Kevin Northrup that covers it
and what can I did fix it cheaper I just
want to make sure we're on the same page
you have an issues with your iPad taking
a bath taking a bath is that great
that's like ah no I definitely
understand helps and I could be levy
sure I'll be happy to tell you and we'll
work to give in this position I don't my
friend in the bath and that won't work
yeah I know it's just kidded so good of
employee just joking about um well you
do know if it'll get place after it does
cover all so much it does it does to
cover water damage do you know how happy
that makes me
and sad I get myself a new work and find
haha kind of walk into the store yes
Apple kept last probably old have to pay
is 55 pounds which is blooming annoying
but it's better than a brand new iPhone
yes you can walk in the store is nearby
will it be addicted to 5 to 12 maybe you
could come and serve me and help me out
a cheaper I would love to have him in
Tuscon he said in the yes and as I know
gonna book a quick flight she was
talking right now is sunny blah blah
basically we were just joking about so
much and I feels like I'm trying
somebody or never said and then she said
that she could put me an appointment to
get my phone fixed and all I have to do
is walk in pay the fifty five pounds and
now hopefully either give me a new one
that would be the best option or fix the
current
one which hopefully they're not going to
do because I don't want it to take long
and so that's my options and I said when
can I come in to get it fixed she said
the closest time they could do was
Sunday at 4:30 it's currently Thursday
for me so I don't really wanna have to
wait til Sunday with no iPhone that
would just suck so bad so what I'm going
to do I think I'm going to try and wake
up tomorrow morning I've got meeting
with Zoey at lunchtime all afternoon but
I'm going to try and wake up tomorrow
morning and get to the Apple store as
quick as I can perform a meeting and try
and walk in and be like please did
somebody just give me anyway phone and
take this one off of me and I'll pay the
55 pounds I won an iPhone / probably the
most expensive tweet or the most
expensive picture I have ever taken my
unicorn selfies cost me 55 pounds and
maybe a few days waiting without an
iPhone I'm such an idiot so so stupid
why did I have my iPhone on me in the
bath nobody do that this is teaching
everybody a lesson right it's currently
half-past twelve I'm gonna have to see
it now I'm gonna end the vlog here's
where I'm not going to end it because I
don't want to wake Zoey up so thank you
so much watching today if you feel sorry
for me about and don't actually don't
even feel sorry for me I'm an idiot I'm
the one that took get into the bath give
the video a thumbs we enjoyed it let's
try and get yesterday so let's try and
get twenty five thousand and so far
we're already killing it like getting so
close and the videos been on like five
or six hours or something like that so
let's go for thirty thousand thumbs up
that is your task
I don't even though thank you so much
watching guys I love you so much
remember to do more of what makes you
happy and also remember that you don't
have to do what everyone else is doing
right I'll catch you tomorrow
goodnight guys love you so much good bye
