stars shining bright above you night
breezes into whispers I love you
birds singing in the sycamore tree dream
a little dream of me stay nighty-night
and kiss me
just hold me tight and tell me to get
smug if I girlfriend and I'm happy by
the way in something rather more modern
then coming here all the same the Margot
has been famous for holidays for over
200 years and deservedly so I'm sure
you'll agree
girls either these youngsters are having
a really wonderful time this is great
fun she can do 40 knots and she is jet
propelled - I'm still talking about the
boat of course and she's enjoying it
isn't it this was the place where
everyone would flock to in the 60s and
70s like there was a place for godly
evils nothin learned I call this place
the Garden of England which was a phrase
coined by Henry the eighth who is
actually from Game of Thrones
the oldest seaside town in the whole of
the UK heart skips a beat we don't have
to sleep always just a wheel everybody
knows
it's another little seaside town I feel
with seaside towns they can either be
lovely and really cute and quaint or
really really depressing like they can
be super depressing or quite quite cute
and this type of hit the cue buttons I
think good I'm glad you like that kind
of my decisions come here present we are
working with South Eastern Railway this
week and they basically said sir
hey where you want to go using one of
our trains and I knew straight away that
if it's going to be in the cartoons that
I wanted to go to market yeah I mean two
of my brother friends go my sister
raised about it we can't sell for an
interview
training for what wasn't there when she
bad fed became a thing for people just
to fly off all over the place and I
think what's happening now is people are
realizing that actually there's some
really beautiful parts of the UK to
explore keeping keep it simple
yeah and just travelling like within the
country that you're already in yeah so
much easier so much easier this jump on
a train you know anywhere so thanks out
that southeastern railway for for
working movie this week we've got
looking up to Margate yeah you've got a
blog photos haven't you some community
as well so the green excites about
they've hung clubs for a while not
properly I got really into it I don't
stop to see more jobs are we everybody
knows
let me is the talk of the town we stand
out of Margate sandwich Margate tuna
well I
don't give anything or allows egos
constantly goes which they just called
them all I can't see any kind of goal
there's literally no point in see right
there just horrible horrible creatures
I've just I just really recently started
to hate a lot of goals well and I don't
I don't like Magpies and I don't like
gals and I don't like math and I just
don't they just horrible they look
horrible they act horrible thank you
they just they just I wonder you do
they'll take that off you don't like it
move across Dallas
there's no happy birthday song like the
worst song ever
oh my god what's wrong with you the
latest ass drone isn't it horrible they
need it's more of a Spidey one just it
always makes me feel so sad when I
listen to a public official and then
Margo I'm having a great day at pointing
out that the Happy Birthday song is it
quite morose and you hate magpie magpie
swoop that's top of the food chain
they can't so very excited so let's go
and check out Dream Land and let's go
and have a little Mook yeah let's just
make today big mooch session yeah yeah
for mooch high five for the mooch Gracie
Grayson it's rude to leave something
hanging Grayson you can't leave me
hanging
Jason this is not helping our
relationship I will I will literally I
will literally make you go up to leave
ever page Anita smells really excited
I've been in Margot I don't often you
don't know every day you get Phil to
Margate hello nice experience
there's gold scooting around
got a hater
if you fancy booking a trip to Margate
or somewhere else in East Sussex okay
check out south eastern railways for
their advance purchase offers this
summer all the Lakers will be in the
description box below you video Wow - do
we have to do it here yeah it's growing
up on the streets of God I mean teach
you anything how to fight
iced coffee liqueur broken
enter your names national scoreboard top
bonus game another 100 worldwide
leaderboard
good luck rating oh my god you guys do
their work hey guys
and then this on video oh oh oh
got three goes extra try again okay and
you all we might doing we want to do it
oh it's fun of in little crap weekly the
fix Coney I don't know these six show
you one more time and try put it back on
the green ones Gary from oh okay oh sure
big Chirag never trust anyone or
anything in life that's the lessons
greater there we try to con you out your
money but I'll be working out to reach
me john if you want to be Oprah title
tomorrow I'm gonna bug a lot more on all
the family we catch the capture nectar
Vivek we're off to see the sing will
your grain
come on of the capable sides of the nose
educate the costa brava particular of
over appetite damn pocketable be family
one of the gift memories I have about my
dad is playing in a hit-and teacher from
plastic a more lengthy to own an antique
shop in Turkey this place remains they
want to work
I always remember going to do sales with
him like we always have to buy people
like this tomorrow little weird
ornaments very similar to this one
either
okay so so direct mag Ottawa police dog
Sparky I went in the neon two four five
for life needs you don't touch me for
anything
yeah yeah when she how's the fish is
nice
lucky girl face of nigger like that
I'm sure she'll soon we're setting off
some power back in the sixties there
were these two groups of people the mods
and the rocket
we are trying to put the Rockies which
drive around on motorbike and the mods
were these they were more Waddell
Messiah to wear boots they listen to
soul music and they dry ground on
Vespers and Lambrettas and my dad was a
model the mods have come here to Margate
sometimes and they have fights they have
fights at the Bacchus from the beach it
was several hundred young people rather
at a loose end over the weekend they
came into the town and finding not much
else to do they committed several acts
of wanton and office damage so that the
police had to turn out in some strength
to deal with them normally sonic some
little cafe somewhere and they spin out
onto the street and onto the beach and
before you knew it would be like a
massive brawl or you and your friends
mods or rockers well we're not really
dressed up you know yeah God what caused
all the trouble yesterday boredom
responding to think about how different
it was back there buy a dress you might
come out there but I said Oh an aisle
boots and that sometimes our family
selves I'm sure my dad would have come
here properly before and how to fight
with a rocker at one point China dig
while we're only to congrat the many
walk like a lovely really nice safe in
fact great to let my husband see some
tips gonna have some oh these are like
good fish and chips
yeah the queue is up door what it one
way to come think is having like a
stroke and this time to yourself or this
is why it's all about isn't it seagulls
go away thinking you'll see fight it out
very great debut like a mystery mystery
you
