good morning it is another weekly vlog
another day another week you are doing a
proper weekly vlog this week and I'm
excited but mom is such a mess I'm gonna
get that sorted I've got so much to do
today including some movies so I have my
makeup today um
but most excitingly my baby's home
you're making a house oh my goodness
that is so cool
that's my creme Lisette thank you I
could do with one of those now I'm a
princess and there we go got so much to
get all move today but I'm feeling quite
motivated and quite good about
everything it's about 10 o'clock I have
written an article that's hopefully
going over to the Guardian well that
sort of center to so hopefully they'll
featurette there it's not confirmed so
I'm feeling pretty good about the path
like good to get some work done this
morning I need to do a big clean so I
might do bit of a speed clean I've got
guests coming tonight and we might go
got a happy kid so what else you need
apart from a bit of motivation a to-do
list and a happy kid I'm gonna put you
down to charge you up because your
battery's dying very sorry everybody I'm
also I think my bump has popped up today
so I'll show you a bit of a bump shop
later but yeah a good start to the day
eight years ago I bought these from
Amazon straw tastic the court hang on
let's focus on that they go
Mintos straw tastic I bought the from
Amazon not much money that's all and
they're just the best toy ever you love
them don't you yeah and she's making a
house we've got a firm solid structure
to it thank you over the top and make a
little den yeah pretty cool
oh okay Darcy wants tool to see that she
is wearing her top backwards that's a
choice she's made I'm gonna let her do
it and I'm gonna show you some the
clothes I bought for Darcy recently and
I've just been sort of keeping to one
side to show you so this was her awful
sprinkle glitter this was from a shop in
Brighton called happy ology and they had
a 50% sale on so it wasn't 19 pounds it
was like nine pound fifty and it's is
really really sweet top with a double
peter pan collar which i think is really
nice and i thought it's been really nice
with skinny jeans it's very very thin
and then the back has this button
detailing and i like the way it finishes
at the bottom there there's it a little
t-shirt from Jules again I think this
was was this one in the sale probably no
three four - I got something else with
it life's peachy and I really like the
spotty print of this you'll be seeing
more of that in a second and then along
with the deal I got this t-shirt sassy
party lalala like tea party thought that
was fun and then it's the other thing
this dress absolutely love I think I've
seen quite a bit of a portion for the
doggy Spotty's it has lime detailing
just there before it cracked so that was
nice and then finally this was another
trip to Jules but this time in the sales
so instead of 32 pounds it was 12 pounds
and this is for autumn so I might
include this in an autumn hawk because
it's really thick it's like a lovely
thick wool texture and it's still fun
and bright and has all this aspect
detailing on and Suzi's I bought these
little shoes with my songs think that
absolutely gorgeous super cute and we'll
go with tons of things I also got her a
little pad lunch box and for the new
term yeah
that's it a little haul for you now
though I've tied it well I spent the
last hour or so tidying a room that you
honestly cannot tell has had anything
done to it at all there's still just
stuff everywhere so I've not done a good
job of that but we are going to get
ourselves together and go to soft play
to
burn off a little bit of energy and
because they do nice bunch is there a
nice cba to cook um are you ready she's
still playing with this this has been
this is this was a good idea getting oh
my gosh just where this is still got
this one here does a conk on that can i
the real challenge is trying to get
anywhere what's going on down here this
is how I've grown now I wonder why I
don't see it as either is so long the
wonder where she's gone oh the grown up
let's go and look at the grown up plows
then we're assessing yes let's see if we
can see her because I don't know where
on earth she could possibly hmm let's
look in the grown-up lounge then nope I
can't see her anywhere in here long
story about this room anything so this
is our favorite playing center it's
called the hub it's really cool and they
do actually really nice food fun for
jacketed pretty quite this many toppings
but I'm not upset about it okay
and you've got well you got fish fingers
and veggies and beans and chips yummy
well done
look at this amazing meal I've been
delighted for my lovely daughter I've
got some mineral water earth is this
brat right Darcys his breath
yes and bread soup or nuts for the baby
girl makes for some rice and there's
meat 2 pence bigger than a loaf of bread
houses
oh hi dossie do you recognize this cool
I've had a package delivered oh I'm
having the girls over tonight I didn't
really like these it'd be quite a lot I
probably should have read the 500 things
would be like smaller portion but I'm
pretty excited to have this many flying
saucers in my house he's my favorite
squeeze I also bought some glow sticks
again I think I'm over done we gotta put
a hundred I thought this is a smaller
pack because we're gonna go in the HT
tonight oh you'll be in bed nothing gets
fire then I thought I'd make some goodie
bags it's like some sweets and stuff
that I bought silly putty because I used
to absolutely freakin love this when I
was a kid and I was like oh what did you
used to do when you're a kid at
sleepovers have stuff like this so I was
like why not so I was in oh no and
they're not I'll share with you I'm
gonna have one of these now look what
I've just spied if you look out the
window so only I want to show you this
room by the way we have finally taken
all of the boxes out of the room and
unpacked everything but this is not how
it's going to be so my stepmom Tina is
gonna have this sofa her house I think
I'm gonna paint the walls a different
color shutters are arriving I ordered
them about two months ago but they're
arriving soon obviously - he's not going
on the floor that sauce is carseat for
Liam's car how nice is it I think I've
shown this before I was sent this by
Cassata but I just absolutely love the
unicorns on it it's really fun
so she dragged this out I've got a few
boxes still like in the corner over here
so that's not meant to be there anyway
what I want you to show you is if you
look out on my car obviously my engines
still warm cause we just got in from
Tesco you know it's like I am i given no
shits that you're tapping on that window
lady I'm sitting on this warm engine
it'll be my duster little fluff ball
okey-dokey I've brought some cleaning
bits up I don't mind this this is a joke
and I'm going to have a little clean in
here because and we'll be here very
shortly I'm using this one I don't use
this one yet but I'm obsessed with the
rhubarb one a Korean hairs wait right
just get cracking
Emma has arrived and I have finished at
the bathroom and I'll say I said auntie
back winter mint water mint very nice
but I still think while rhubarb is the
greatest are you ready to see Emma hey
that's your intro you get after the
cleaning product it's half like blue
cleaner it's you tada here she is it's
probably mummy of two he's my pal
showing it's not well I mean we've got
like half my breasts actually hanging
out hello ye and so we've got a little
gifty for you which I know doll so just
yeah okay oh you'll never you'll never
guess what it is then come on and you
give it Wow look at you two corns as
well they're very pretty when you carry
socks for any kind of see both
so in case you're now here and tada
which even even on 6/10 of huffing these
units that are like tiny erections oh my
gosh the wall eye shadow without that
you won't even see yes looks like just
be gone camouflage right sit on the sofa
I've got something to give to you as the
thanks for coming they're both the same
awkwardly film you silly putty from the
olden days do you remember what I
figured just just because I can't drink
doesn't mean you mean you can't
yeah that's why I bought it I was like
that is the ultimate ultimate got to eat
so as you well know I'm an excellent
hostess and I firmly believe that exotic
canapes on the way so here we have own
bowl of oil bread and oil the ends of
the tables are martyrs of giant flying
saucers yeah yeah so we're all just
having a really nice time with my
delicate bits of breast
and be like so joyous okay yeah yeah you
too much okay
Katie's gone home because just to go up
early in the morning somewhere
sounds kind of the nights past our
bedtime is enough that was it like
they're very no challenge let me get
back
it's only your face looks better huh
seen the morning
I'm showered and my teeth are clean you
know that sort of stuff but fresh outfit
on but when I turn to have my face done
definitely that do I make it last night
but it's quarter to eight and I think
Emma's ah I feel guilty that like my
guest is up and fending for herself
let's see she in here there's a Darcy
what's Emma down here with you as any
normal woman dude it's like just gone
nine and we have come to the mothership
HomeSense
here we are the dream because these
sofas I don't even need or do you need
surfers actually my fancy lounge you're
right there lick it
oh my god let's get a trolley yes
don't even bother with the basket let's
be real
let's go ah yes
it's a massage oh my god okay do you
need a giant fluffy pillow oh sorry I
thought you were my friend
yes I'm sorry do you need a giant flower
yeah oh it's a cube yeah what we're
gonna use this will power the baby yeah
this one screw the baby look at these
crystals my favorite kind of candles are
the ones that like they should be like
in older paka paka fairies a pod clue a
pop couple Sarah I can't sit I'm doing
this as if you can smell it now that is
sounds real good
you're gonna cut that one yes join my
other one but I think I need these
that's really
kourt's it's gone weird I don't know
what afternoon leave the baby things
have gotten out of hand
and things are crystals in I've got
about 150 pounds worth of crystal art
we've got in the car I didn't say you
know what we need
but design I mother nature they're also
something that we tickle with right do
you ever think I'm not well-read enough
what should you do to be better read I
would probably refreeze why not read
this book about how to hide you're
well-read like isn't it just a guide to
how to be a guide to 500l writes its
reviews well well that means I'm sure
they know maybe but society's mrs. heck
we thought we needed some supplies so
we've gone you have a bag flying saucer
is also cute that'll keep us going
that'll helps make a choice this things
are going very well
what's the shopping just popped in for a
couple of pit I feeling oh honey I'm
just saying oh you know I'm getting rid
of pineapple bolsters a server
and it's kind of as I don't really like
it that will make all the difference so
it's like I say two things about 12
times Emma and I have bought a fair
whack of stuff
I mean I've even bought one of these
that is almost as tall as me so you
could say we've got a maxi amount of
shopping I have a mini car not a lot of
space but we both got degrees she's got
my this is going to happen this is going
to happen let's put this hair okay let's
do this right okay right
the Dinos in you have a heart of a
crucifix each one right had it
okay whistle it's nailed it nailed it
nailed it can't be there Darcy and I are
having a bit of a picnic lunch which is
like breadsticks and hummus and cheese
and all isn't that kind of caper which
is like my favorite oh we've got mini
cucumbers as well and then why are we
going swimming we're going to being og
MACO episode of cheese day toss is gonna
come with me well they're probably not
joon-hyuk forever it's a doodles
cheese you're not going to do the
aquarobics bit with me ie
no why is a breadstick all over the sofa
please why could you just kept on your
plate I wish I could have film that crew
it's so fun obviously can you take my
camera in her house that's what I'm
gonna do
it's my personal belief that it's one of
life's greatest pleasures when you
realize the top that you thought you had
lost or I don't see their welcomes half
the wash and it's all clean and lovely
neimand fold it and put it on the bed so
whipped my bra off I've got my top on
just uploading a video audacity that is
loud
watching Mary Poppins and because the a
hot food at the gym please announce a
lot more Wow 20 or 50 yep good yeah we
had hot food how the gym like four I
mean six 13 hours I'm just going to do
what's up what was out in that so I'm
just going to do you charge it up again
dude all right
I'll finish this quicker than I just
finished a scrambled egg on beat loss
for us such a few change should I go
outside Dustin you can have that as loud
as you want just going out and doing
other stuff I find it as a my holidays
that I stay out at things longer to make
the most of it so yes they were in a
soft play for a while a good couple of
hours and today we were swimming for a
couple of hours and we went in like the
restaurant a bit and they've got like
him kids arias over there for a while
just for what oh yeah nice that's
looking real nice um I'm really enjoying
this like summer summer phase of life I
never used to be a summer person but
this last couple of years I've really
started on yes yes get those Sun flares
hmm
yeah we've got some more fruit growing
on our fruit trees I'll show ya so the
cherry tree they were cherries and we
did eat a lot of them they were
delicious but then the birds ate them
all as a lot of you said they would
these I mean I'm assuming these are
pears are they eating pears falling off
how cute or like what to do with these
and these are apples but again I don't
know if these are cooking apples
alright give me some advice I've never
had you know a crop never had a harvest
and then over here as well we have more
apples but these are much bigger than
that other tree look at these absolute
whoppers
and there are more green so someone will
know what to do you what are these maybe
should do a garden tour be like hi what
are these what are these what are these
purple flowers what is this it's
absolutely lovely out here so I'm gonna
do some dinner
I had thought about going for what
Casati is so hyper today I find the best
thing to do with an over like energetic
child is just so like exercise them so
it's like let's go to self play run
around and but such a nice evening but
look at that not a cloud in that while
there are clouds in the sky actually
yeah we might go for a little walk
around the village perhaps go to the
reservoir or something I'm so happy
right now I love this this season of
life is nice I'm pregnant
and summer my kid is happy and my
boyfriend likes me which it's nice he
loves me yeah it's good good good try
not to worry because he's done this
before he comes back
dusty has had a strawberry porridge I
just want to have a multi treat yoghurt
oh you've seen the yoghurt have you yeah
I forgot where I filmed up to I might
not have even filmed this morning I
don't know but here with a very special
guest it's Alison Perry from not another
mummy blog and she's doing a podcast
what is your podcast called I'm wearing
people Frank and that what cast is
called not another mummy podcast happy
what you've done there yeah and I'll be
launching on iTunes very soon it's
exciting and as you can just see we are
in a very professional set up with boxes
and I believe I didn't reserve that
there's a toilet roll just in shock that
I had the round all tied it up and then
and some I guess some of carpet I was
like yep definitely just give me two
seconds right so we're gonna film this
oh I'm so embarrassed
um
Allisyn cruelly made me do a task where
you have to show what's in your handbag
oh that's that's classy that's a good
job that you weren't videoing this is
these like beige straps showing and this
was what was the contents just a ton of
shit and junk but you assure me that you
also have a ton of shit and drunk I'll
going like 10 times there ain't no
shitting jumping you is their shit and
drunkenness no that's that's that's my
little work rucksack oh thank is
downstairs okay good but you just keep
this sort of job me in there
guess who's just filmed a home Whitehall
it's me to me look at all these goodies
if you want to know more about them
during this lot cheaper chappy cheapy
chappy cheeky chappy I'm head on over to
my main channel which will sprinkle a
little to watch that all it's a bit
later on in the day now it's about five
o'clock and my auntie Judith dropped
round this box the other day she read my
book world like me and she said that
when she read it she felt like my not
some of my mum was coming through so
I'll explain more so she sent me this
one note it says Louise you and Jane are
so alike you will know for sure when you
read these letters love Judith so Jane
is my mum and Judith younger sister and
it's a whole box of letters that my mum
wrote to Judith obviously when she was
alive if you don't know my mum died when
I was seven and so emotional reading
them wait a second I can't not look
teary I've tried that I'm just an
emotional person and I'm hormonal and
it's about you know my mum so I'm gonna
be emotional it's just so strange to
like have these things but like my mum
has touched and I haven't seen her for
like 25 years this this December and I
miss her so much all the time especially
I'm pregnant because it makes me so like
it breaks my heart that she hasn't held
it hasn't felt the weight of Darcy's she
won't feel this baby either and just
reading these things I like having her
like talk to me and hearing there's
always she said things like this a bit
here it says back to work I got my
friend his house back to work put the
wrong blouse on by mistake Betty nearly
blew a fuse so I don't care less this
trouble to him until the flowers come
out rather press flowers any day rather
press flowers than this any day because
my mum used to press flowers for
Crawford I just love I don't know who
Betty is full of that my mom wore the
wrong brass blouse and couldn't give a
shit look at bosses crows about it
sorry had a message come through yeah so
it's just really nice and then this one
so I wanted you sowed things and she's
put did Judith thank you for the dress
it really fits a treat I wish she could
have seen it I will put it on for you
the weekend before I go she looks nice
and fresh in it this was a fly she looks
nice and fresh in it this leaves a good
idea and when it's very hot she will be
cool in her arms won't get sunburned
Steve thought it was lovely to like that
was me that was me that she planning
dresses she was glad my arms in it there
but to me that's like a little slice of
love but someone cared about my arms not
burning and I didn't know that I don't
bend and now I do what it's like having
a little extra bit of somebody who had
so long I crave so much this is so
lovely but also like so anyway I thought
I'd lock this because I want to document
it and how much she means to me and how
much of a big part of my life she is a
bodacious and my weight she isn't so we
are so I'm gonna read a couple more but
I'm not gonna read them all at once
because I want to savor them and make
them last a bit so it's this card and
she'd obviously gone to America because
we've got family over there so she's put
did you death it's Sunday nearly a week
since I left and this is the first real
chance I have had to have a quiet moment
to write it's 7:30 a.m. louise has gone
back to bed
up since 5:00 a.m. and the others are
asleep all her times are out but I go to
bed at 9:00 p.m. so it's okay
just about got over the jetlag it's a
very long flight 12 hours but Louise was
good all the American ladies are making
a fuss of her because she's plump and
like their Gerber baby on all the baby
packets apparently all their babies are
thin so it's different to see a fat one
that's all fatty me couldn't be happier
and watching a documentary about
Princess Diana's who was brilliant and
Liam has made me dinner
which is brilliant I'm a happy woman
I've got free tickets - hello was you
like the information that's linked below
for you that's not good your mom why
would you worry myself around good
morning it's Friday and we have had what
can only be considered a real and first
of all I'll call that mass that's just
put my head there so you can't even see
it a real first world problem today
bigger than bigger than any problems
anyone else has my eyebrow pencil ran
out mister benefit grew free from
ordering another one today so I've had
to use various eyeshadows and like an
eyebrow brush to do it so that's been a
big problem today are wearing this
little dress from yours from their like
bumper collection and I really really
really love X it's so stretchy and the
boobies Vicky's here coffee shut hello
yeah my dad's popping round in a minute
and then I've got to get on one load of
writing those who are sort of stuff say
that's the day it's nail day and that's
not kid ourselves at the most exciting
thing about that is finding and I have
Chloe has kept to her resolution I
decided I'm gonna keep this up all year
I mean we've gone over half a year now
so far and if she has kept up with the
whole year I'm gonna buy her like a new
bedspread or something better
okay let's find out we all know what we
all want to know yes slowing internet
sensation how's it been going with the
resident rates
I actually got new bedding and survived
mailing them
oh my god from general like they're they
are such it and they're soft and I'm
sure he saw see me love it sure you'll
absolutely be devastated to hear that I
haven't really looked much else today I
came back and edited the sleepover blog
which has gone up now it's one of those
blogs but I was like this is like the
most amazing idea my whole life and
together I was like or is this like a
super lame video idea so go over to
sprinkle clutter and watch that and you
can be the judge of whether that video
is a good idea or not slightly biased
audience so if you're watching this
already so different goodness for that
we as in me and Liam are going out now
to some of Liam's family's house for a
dinner do dinner party job' so I'm just
come around so I'll call it a day and
that's to come back and like have
something kind of exciting revelation to
talk to you about um all the usual can
watch my videos to subscribe and we try
to on my main channel next week I'm
gonna do the gender every hill so keep
your eyes peeled and sprinkleofglitter
for that the next week I'll see you for
the weekly video and a live show so many
videos so many people who can't think of
the end of sentences alrighty see you
later bye
