good morning so it's a Tuesday off the
bank holiday weekend everybody is
heading back to work today
myself included I've got a day full of
meetings today I'm in central London and
I totally forgot how awkward it is
logging in public I just tried to find a
bit of a quiet street for - blog but
yeah so I've got a busy days of meetings
today which I'll take you guys along -
first stop is Aveda trying to remember
which direction has been the I'm meeting
I've got a breakfast meeting first and
then I'm going my nails done with and
loving that from a Bader so really nice
starts today
so that's again okay so I'm two meetings
down I've had my nails done at evader
they look so lovely I had a good old
chat
Ignatz the PR while we had our nails
done and went through a few new products
which I'll show you guys later
now I'm in the personal shopping suite
at coast on Oxford Street and I'm going
to pick out a few pieces from the new
collection because I'm going to be doing
some shoots for their new Friday
collection some of your lovely space
going to do some trying on and I'll show
you some beautiful so a few hours has
now passed since our last vlog that I
went to see the lovely coast store and
picked up the key pieces is going to the
road to the hot walk and talk picked up
a few nice pieces to shoot I showed you
a few of them in the camera then I went
and had
but I'm compiling this and work now
heading to Berkeley Square and we're
going to go to a an event with this L is
actually a bridal event so if they know
something I don't come but it's all
about like skincare the big day and
we're going to meet Abigail James who
actually had a facial with a little
while ago I think I also call so you
guys know how much I love this so really
looking forward going an afternoon with
a brand and we're nearly there
I'm bang on time let's go
so that was a really lovely event with
liz'll I tried to show you a few clips
but basically we had one of the brand
ambassadors showing us the best
techniques for applying your cleanse and
polish which I actually show you guys
the last night but really lovely to
learn the best ways and how it can
really benefit us in like getting rid of
under eye bags things like that I don't
have any makeup on now because we
obviously took it off with our friends
and polish hello again so it's a couple
of hours later I just went to the
fabulous miss el Bridal masterclass and
we had a bit of a skincare lesson on how
to really properly apply your cleanse
and polish
hence the no makeup and all about
massage techniques for getting rid of
puffiness off your eyes etc
so many useful tips I'm deafening an
exam on a blog very soon I think a lot
of people my Instagram stories are going
crazy because I saw the word Bridal no
it is not happening just yet but it was
more like big day makeup I'm now in the
cellar basement of how the phrase on
Oxford Street and I'm about to a
pedicure hard live today not every day
is this nice but it's a nice way to end
the day I'm going to get a male's ink
gel pedicure down in the little
downstairs treatment room did not know
this was here bit of a surprise um so
yeah I'm looking forward to just reading
a magazine at for 40 minutes or so
getting my toes done and my nails
earlier and then of course how many
emails I need to do when I get home so
it's going to be a evening of work but
for now I'm going to take 40 minutes to
chill out if you like today's vlog has
made the day in the life of a blogger
look really glamorous and fun not every
day is like this most days involved lot
of admin crouched over my laptop as you
guys will see you throughout the rest of
May but this is a very good standard
life from blogger back home again now
and immediately just put on my most
snugly hoodie so much echo going on in
here because obviously it's an empty
room not going to lie a little bit
disappointed to come home and find that
the builders seem to have spent like a
grand total of one hour here today and
there seem to be maybe five extra tiles
in the bathroom and that's about it
Charlie was here all day and he said
that only one person turned up at like
2:00 o'clock so not best start to us
getting back and seeing them working and
apparently there's some mess up with the
glass of the windows so who knows what's
going on there and but yeah so once
again we are refined to just our bedroom
in the middle ball space I am actually
looking at a few options for staying in
a hotel for a couple of nights because
not really very livable here at the
moment especially cuz you've got so much
work to do charlie spend the whole day
working out Abigail's cafe nearby not
ideal and there's something up with our
Wi-Fi as well so I'm trying to upload
yesterday's vlog but it's currently
saying seven hours so this rate is not
going to be up until after midnight
but yeah fingers crossed things will
start turning around soon but yeah so I
think the last time I spoke to you as
well underground at House of Fraser they
have this little underground pamper room
I have my toes done by nail think
they're a really nice color I'll show
you them in a second I can't miss my
neck up high enough to show you now but
they did it in a way that I've not have
done before where you can choose any of
the nails ink colors from their entire
normal nail varnish collection which is
just ginormous and then they mixed it
with a gel a clear gel so you can
literally choose any color in the whole
world and turn into a gel so that was
nice
took about 40 minutes nice and quick and
then I sat on the bus use my personal
hotspot and got a load of emails done
sometimes and now I'm home I'm going to
try to spread out some of the bits and
bobs I picked up today which I will show
you now okay so this is not how I
normally do my blog mail sat on the
floor with a ladder behind me but that's
what we're going to go with today so I
have my bag from coast where I went in
and I think I actually showed you guys
me try on a few outfits so I just have
those in here I'm going to quickly show
you them anyway first of all that there
is this really beautiful navy of the
shoulder top and in like a denim but
it's got a lot of boning in the material
here so when it's on it has a really 3d
ruffle effect which I thought was really
pretty really nice with a pair of white
jeans with some wedges very kind of
friendship
south of France style v such as oh it's
lovely
and then this is a pink lacy
on the jacket and if you guys know coast
and it's mostly kind of known for
bridesmaids dresses this is really fun
casual very kind of weekend brunching
style and capsule collection for them so
this is a beautiful color which as you
know I just love this is the same
material as the first top that I showed
you but it's actually a jumpsuit
I know insert both of it from the
website here because it really doesn't
do it justice showing you in like this
but again that reboots all almost any
material I'm trying really hard not only
wear white and pink so this is me trying
to branch out with some darker colors
this top I did show you
me trying dis on and I think I'm going
to get a lot of wear of this in some
really very chic kind of tops with a
blue and white stripes you've got this
Peter Pan kind of collar six straps and
a really flattering it's high waist and
then I got two pairs of trousers so I've
never tried any trousers from coast
people but these are their jeans but
they have loads of elasticity so
incredibly comfortable they fit really
nicely and I got them in white and then
a gray color but this is a gray that
almost
pink in certain lights so really really
pretty and even 79 pounds and probably
most comfortable jeans
I think I've ever tried so really
looking forward to wearing my new bits
from coast I'll leave all of them linked
down below just in case you want to
check them out I know it's hard to
imagine without me properly try mom but
they'll be down there anyway and then
the nizzle bridal skincare masterclass
we got a little goodie bag from the
master class inside as always there is a
press release I think this is probably
just going to be about the cleanse and
polish yeah so this is all about the
cleanse and polish ritual which is the
best way to apply the cleanse and polish
all about the different ingredients
sustainably caught sustainably sourced
cocoa butter eucalyptus oil rosemary oil
etc and then I have my lovely little box
and this was waiting for me on the table
at the event so those beautiful pink
peonies all over the table very
photogenic and then every blogger has a
little vanity case in the middle
turquoise color got marble and little
mirror inside and then here is our
cleansing kit so we all have
personalized headbands which we wore
while we're doing the massage techniques
this is the Liz Earle skin Repair
moisturizer which I don't think I've
tried this one before I tried the one in
the tube but my skin still feels really
lovely and soft it's the last thing I
put on after the cleansing ritual I've
also got the gentle face exfoliator the
eye bright soothing eye notion which is
really soothing but also gets rid of eye
makeup so love this one I have a travel
version of this which was so good taking
with me on holiday and finally the super
skin lip balm which I mentioned in my
new in April Beauty launches video so
interview I deserve and this gorgeous
little pouch as well which is just so
handy to keep my bit from both in so I'm
going to pack all these bits away and
then I think Charlie and I are going to
make
dinner chicken wrapped in bacon or
something and then I guess another early
night because I was certain not much you
can do in the house so I'll catch you
guys okay it's been a couple of hours
since I last spoke to you guys I've been
trying to battle with the Wi-Fi but it's
not working so there's no vlogs going up
tonight so you guys would have seen the
first of May vlog on second or third of
me I don't know basically we're a day
behind but what I'm going to do is in a
second I'm going to cut to tomorrow
because for me tomorrow daytime I'm
doing something which I can't really
film so instead of just not having a
vlog tomorrow I'm going to make
everything a day late because of the
Wi-Fi glitch and I'm going to learn from
this mistake and in the future I'm going
to edit before bed and get them
uploading overnight I think not
something most people do when they do
daily vlogs I like to get up early in
the morning and then get it uploading
throughout the day but that's just not
working out so that's what's going to
happen so I'm going to say goodnight to
you for now and the next thing you're
going to see is what I'm doing on
Wednesday night yeah so see you in the
future
so just picking up where I left off the
video yesterday I'm asking Manchester at
the moment and just works on a really
cool project now I'm in ways potentially
the world's coolest office first of all
we have three dogs charging around one
of whom I have formed totally in love
where that might feel like Dexter would
have a major envy and jealousy if you
saw how much I've been kissing little
Simba but also where I am at the moment
is like little sleeping hot apparently
they're not allowed to sleep in
languages out because I'm consuming it
God's design kits and everything that no
one telling me I can't have a nap
they've even got a slide around the
corner a living wall this little gnome
and a tree inside basically I wish I
worked
back in London now and I found Charlotte
we come to the new Sparkle which is a
key in logging so I've only live in
someone in my back thinking the same
thing just here it's London and channel
can do mr. sparkles art art or how I
think the gym as well
Charlie port is basically going to be an
active but I have
but this is a really big you yo actually
not sure which room we interchange from
reason yeah we can move how is your
sparkle coming out was I knew it was
going to become first blood I don't
think he gave me that I probably
struggled the most out of everyone in
the room I mean I have been skimmers
however like the exercises she push you
know when you've reached that point
where you're like I can't push me harder
than she's like 10 no your body just
starts going like quivering when we were
doing the app think my abs were like
chattering I found that was easiest the
legs and the bumps to me were but we
were saying we might I'd like to do that
once a week
you realize so many around London maybe
with Kelsey one so yeah we just in our
barkal class very quick turnaround in
the changing room and now we are on our
way to an event with Nespresso and this
is a secret circle club event we don't
really know too much about it but we've
got to say a secret code when you get to
the door I think the knowledge in some
new coffee flavors I know they are no
they are because they've got these
combinations flavors it's like them and
also they really hashtag not fun and
they've also release which I thought was
quite clever idea like aged coffee which
is like going to be the new thing so the
capsules are like 2 years aged it's like
wine or whiskey legend aged coffee
did not know that was a thing so anyway
we all let you guys know member there
and show you what's Karen
excuse the shocking lighting situation
at the moment but Charlie and I are done
have an espresso event we're feeling
pretty hyper two double espressos
because I'm going I'm shining um nine
yeah we've had quite a lot of coffee
we've been trying out the new opener a
young two explorations what are they
called explorations one the new ranges
from Fresno Laos you are not moving
properly coffee
I'm sound very caffeinated yes basically
the press over out to new limited
edition pods and they are from new
discoveries and Laos in time near Milan
time travel out of the country yeah
premiers Island and also Kenya so these
are limited edition copy cause the
products that out really quickly we had
a lovely dinner inspired by the
discoveries and got to actually being a
double dinner and which I just showed
you secret sauce and now we are on the
way home and we're probably not going to
be able to sleep because we've had so
much fun let's finish series two of
Valentin silent UT yes I'm hoping if
you've seen lino GD I'm hoping the doji
cobbler get battered like that Oh Scott
I'll try yeah um so I'm going to sign
off the tonight but tomorrow is going to
be a really exciting day potentially
missing there's candy so it's going to
be a time of your life
I think I saw you in the diesel kitchen
that driving is pretty damn much it will
be answer yeah I mean I'm going to be on
and a half I am coming
yeah so leave a heart i emoji in the
comments if you got this far and if
you're excited to see david avatar and
actually if let's let's give away one of
one kind of the limited editions of
flowers or starting a medical leave a
coffee cup closure Dexter will pick the
winner yeah leave a coffee cup emoji in
the comments you want to try out the new
coffee okay
see you tomorrow
