okay guys so it is once they Thursday
Thursday morning as I said like that I
did something extremely exciting today
and I must tell you a little tiny bit
more but not everything about it so I am
with Ted Baker today we're shooting
something really exciting in a really
beautiful location and major major
career highlight as I said on Twitter
yesterday yes I am shooting today with
Ted Baker as you know I work with Ted
Baker so much they one of my absolute
favorite brands I've done lower for my
amazing blog post in the past with their
mind of them and they've invited me in
today to do some shooting and it's
really really exciting I'll be able to
share so much more like late September
October probably but I kind of have to
keep a little bit under wraps for now
it's a little bit more secret but I'm
just so so excited to be here and I love
my makeup just like really sort of
natural but glam looks so nice
and that's little done whole they've
gone I can't really show you anything
not too much in the works it'll be a
suit soon in this amazing tree part of
it
so can we do share more food now I'm
going to get into the cart and head up
to hammerhead hotel because I'm meeting
with really good friend of mine from
dual and lots of other bloggers Gil me
as well having like a little afternoon
tea at Amiens hotel yes as we head over
there now just such a good trip this
looks amazing with honey and hotel
having a lovely little absolutely
horrible tomorrow
and now young Loder morning guys
sorry about yesterday I didn't manage to
some hardly anything I dread to think
quite after manage to go yesterday but
like I said it was like a secret project
that couldn't really film too much and
then I went for a little little Mt the
lots of little girls I knew which was
really loving again it was not going to
be a foodie camera
and then I got home and worked all night
and literally the emails and until about
half 11 so today is a little bit
different I wanted to get up in good
time and go out for breakfast so it's
quarter past 9:00
I'm already and we're just going to go
walk into nothing kale and look around
and try and find some other lovely
little breakfast spots that we've never
seen before
I'm on the hunt for cool new places so
come along for excess we first go to a
love a little plate imagine he'll called
Chuck then walking passes so many times
I really want to comment and try some
food at its people we have the map car
there is a death wish and you're merely
copying as well really would not keep my
creepy hair I have myself a DIY project
today I have had this mirror now for
maybe eight plus years time on that
honey you need mystic of how dark and
drear is so I decided I'm going to paint
it white
hopefully that arc cloud thank you yes
so I'm painting this white because it's
been out after a lovely breakfast got a
self and paint but I say we I am doing
that I mean I'd like to do it but he's
working so it's left to me I know but
you're working I'm gonna do it I'm not
promise promise I'm not
done it really please looks great
so much brighter so much better I'm
going to put this over at the bed in the
new flap really really pleased that DIY
number two I am just repaint at the top
of my desk Alex
honestly at the difference in color is
ridiculous but amazing and now I'm
actually off for a little bit of an
entire afternoon
I'm visiting to the deklay or spa on
West bond Grove for a massage I've got
really bad kind of neck
you should moment's ruin all of my hair
give me headaches so I'm trying to get a
few more kind of massages em so I'm
listing the deck real fast you with how
about I'm pretty excited about this
actually really looking forward to it so
I'm about again look how beautiful this
is so pretty
such a beautiful loom I am so excited
this so lovely this is like a waiting
area got all of the beautiful deck
little products all looking very well so
we're now okay I say that was the best
massage I have ever had honestly it was
just so relieving of all the tensions in
my back and my neck like I said
something that really really expressed
and like really tensed on the back of my
neck creases like oh it was absolutely
and I think and it's only Westbourne
Grove and nothing kill so it's really
quite an amazing location so I am
definitely definitely coming back here
as much as specifically possible is that
a beautiful spa it's incredible
treatments and feel so good now I go
home with my dog for fishing Titan off
home the packing is getting real the lot
of boxes and it's a bit messy mrs.
disken bigger mayor bang I've got two
days I think we can do it yes so earlier
on we went along to our new flat C our
landlord and sort of look around the
place again in a sort of check
everything she could tell us all the
ropes part of that just so excited now
it looks amazing
it's even bigger than I remembered and
just looks so so nice it's like ready
for us to move in so we're mega mega
excited now cannot wait sort of - mostly
no three more sleeps in this flat and
then we get me
morning guys welcome to Saturday morning
we are once again going out for
breakfast leave on up we're moving
Monday so kind of lacking in food in the
house and also it is kind of thinking
well we're moving from this area
let's have kind of make the most
effective keep going for nice little
breakfast over the next few days so that
is kind of the plan when we get takeout
tonight as well yeah we have we have
that kind of food in got a few little
bits in the fries we can add to dinner
how do we do and well made it in we will
see that lovely kind of sunny day today
which is beautiful artists making the
most of it we're back in pharmacy again
really delicious and look how amazingly
groffle book and now the pancakes I
always take some pictures for a
potential blog post campers coming out
again which is kind of odd around for
breakfast we thought we'd order online
it takes two things on the pen is a good
day this is my favorite drink Cox will
be nice it's like a nice last they kind
of feel got through by phone or email
tom knows
Dave delicious yes yeah I was really
cool
finally got desire yes well I like look
just about infinity yeah well maybe two
days ago Jensen look the logistic is
from our trip be Colin Liang so if you
like HTML cinematic print version we're
going to pick Sally feeling bitter
scream through said means full
without packing I have my whole wardrobe
to do and so much of my collection
I've pretty much done on my back so
might have demel about a lot of the
artists so that goes develop outside so
we're someplace now
Happy Days just ordered a delivery I
have just got back from the gym as well
have such a good session I felt really
motivated after Harley totally whipped
me into shape is a day and so you have a
few cones at the moves that she taught
me plus a load of my own and really
really good exhausting sessions are
feeling good now and we just yet getting
through the packing down at the place a
little bit so we don't want to have to
cook so we've ordered and I've ordered
some Thai food lots of yummy bits of
Thai food
yeah but we're getting there now get in
there so many more boxes there's a link
looking YUM so things are and things are
going well right yeah okay slowly listen
to a bit more the kitchen a tiny bit
more of all did you pack up my computer
- no no oh oh I thought could see it
there aren't of my desk
guys what oh I thought you dream second
so it isn't really nice then one guys
I'm making a few bills again trying to
use up every ingredient we have left in
this household we do slab this a little
bit of we have a little bit of food here
literally make the most of everything
can Hopson keep it hot look so I want to
make a fire balls and put everything on
top all whilst then watch it well I was
until the spinning wheel of death
arrived - no status stopped its - what I
was saying
come back to me stuff come back to me
let's react laps we've been cleaning all
day and therefore we deserve a glass of
champagne pop over my hands I'll be in
black and blue alex has been doing the
kitchen poke at the kitchen
eyes and packing up the bathroom I'm
going to finish this bathroom has ever
looked like this I'm incredible I have
lots of scrub and very single
sinlessness nook and cranny of this
litter like the amount sort and rubbish
and crap that was holding the edge of
the ceiling coming down like an ax grade
in and that crap that's from shower and
I cleaned inside of here and add that
off just looks amazing let's take a
minute
three four hours at least it's done just
a little bit the mess but I'm almost out
getting out this room was kind of kind
of done got a few little mouse bits to
pack up and then see my bit well it's
mainly mine the rest of my wardrobe
they're like full still but I have
nowhere to put them so we're going to
to come back for those I think I want
you to do the better need to collapse
this whole bed whoa
great another check-in get a little more
it's not really much much at all really
well actually things are in the
commenting on our betting pretty much
turner platform the bed the office cell
packed this is our pack kitchens nearly
done I think they're both are so fed up
now I'm sort of hearing cleaners ago
pretty much all I have to do now it
sounds like wrap the TV put a few bits
more away in the kitchen and do the bed
I think that's it
hell yes a place is packed everything is
like super clean as well as been my
cleanest ago well apart from the
ceilings everywhere else the sub
dimension pollution damage but
everywhere else that we can actually
reach pretty great beds John and I sort
of cozy mattress my floor tonight yes
not complete right ah
let's get third I do not feel good at
all what we've had to put a plate so we
have to order it again and I just found
under living room realizes this place
called zing zing and I love you called
VV green actually physically yeah easy
green singing sits like a vegetarian
vegan Chinese so like why if we never
tried this before I loose will enjoy and
plant-based at the moment so not quite
kind of bit six like certain miss helen
banana spring rolls
yeah that was my choice I mean I know
that the hell is fun Facebook but
sharing spring rolls we've got some off
to the crispy ceiling we sure don't know
what that is a cauliflower chow mein
sorry we got spring green so lots of
yummy things here actually it's going to
go tuck in these were absolutely amazing
joy this was so delicious I can't even
explain that like a vegan course our
chow mein she like eating Chinese food
can take away some of that really greasy
and horrible so I'm not the left
takeaway at other yeah me too I never
choose Chinese this that's so gonna
taste like Chinese food doesn't paste by
the oily Chinese oil dirt yes sir
yeah yeah well no I think the coconut
oils and things it's really really good
yeah the last thing we're going to be
ordering for me well that's of thing
though we just found this and what if
they don't do it where we live we might
not
we might not be in the border to decide
now go to the border order it go to the
border and offer the border
