well I mean yes that's how starting the
video we're going to do the video like
this for the whole week not really no it
was more like weird side face and
Mountain tit it is Monday
I just started making the bed to look
all pretty because I'm going to film a
video for my main channel about baby
names like it's a baby name tag it's
quite good when actually um I laid down
I was like yes this feels so good this
week should be a good week interesting
things happening this is so flattering I
mean last week I'm crying because people
saying unkind things about me that I
feel myself at this angle what do I
bloody expect breaking news a minute ago
it was so sunny they had to open all the
windows so so warm and then I looked at
it from my bed and it's like a freaking
storm has arrived upon Northampton is
like the apocalypse
what look at that no thought to the
schoolroom in it I have to put on some
wellies I haven't even got any worries I
just finished filming I mean oh my god
that shit me up bloody house from uni
hello actually made it to the school run
five minutes to spare why is it always
so polite do you don't feeling pretty
good about myself I've made it here
early mum when school randon go around
down blah blah I popped two we chose and
then to Liam's work to drop off some
goodies for him doing long shit today
they're not going to show you this King
your father Here I am fingers anyway
okay yeah now we're gonna get what time
is it's not helpful we're gonna get bath
and pee dude early and then do homework
and dinner and cozies I want to take a
little Instagram of you could see myself
killed
thank you hey no okey what seen him in
ages there's like I don't really like
the kitchens anymore Darcy has found a
little thingy that I bought last week
philia incidentally it's never too early
for Christmas pajamas the weather has
gone crazy again I know that didn't
actually get a shot of it earlier
maybe I didn't was insta storing it as
well so don't know which one I did or
didn't get a shot off and it's gone
crazy so we're gonna go downstairs and
watch cartoons there we go
and Nixon's dinner
I bought these really cute mugs a while
ago from home sensor absolutely massive
like you didn't get a whole fist in
there which is how you measure the size
of things apparently anyway moving on I
put one for me and one for doodles are
one for me one for Liam and we're gonna
have hot chocolates and such in the
autumn but it's what they're really
pretty I think they were very much money
either
they were 399 each gorgeous and come on
sit at the table yum yum yum lasagna and
salad big news
just got a three-pound fiber-optic lamp
from Primark and I've got a birthing
ball for blowing this bad boy I know
it's really small so I've bought a
bigger one but a pump machine a good job
babe oh it's that classic you find out
what you've been looking like all day
and when you turn on camera um it's
girls night so I've got all my candles
lit some girls that I know and we've got
dorito I'll show you how to show you a
nice we've got Doritos and cookie bites
Becky made these and dick and kitten
somewhere down there there's one
something vinegar fish and chips
Claire's got beer in a wine glass
living life see you tomorrow
good morning it's 7:20 and we're all up
and ready for the day so with my
pregnancy with Darcy I didn't have this
so this feels like almost like a shock
to the system long story short I won't
like waffle on too long I have really
intense thoughts about Darcy coming to
harm I worry about it constantly and I
think it's the worst case scenario which
isn't like me because I'm like a fairy
best case scenario sooo positive person
and and I find myself well I've had some
terrible nightmares which is the common
symptom of pregnancy to have a really
vivid nightmares like oh sorry and then
they kept and then I think about them
throughout the day and if something
really small goes wrong then I fret
about it which is so ridiculous like
this morning I dropped her off at school
and she had to sit on her own for
Breakfast Club because there were no
other children from her group eating and
so I stayed with her until I liked until
she'd finished so she was fine but all
like now all morning I've been thinking
my whole life toxie's alone what she's
not alone she's at school she's happy
with all her friends got a play date
tonight
I just fret about youth like I feel
paranoid about her safety and then I
start to feel paranoid about this baby's
safety but it starts off with Darcy I
think because I'm already completely
bonded with her and all that sort of
stuff but it's be exhausting to
constantly so I have the horrible
thought and then I have to like work
myself out of it otherwise I'll wallow
in it so yeah that's a funds that I'm
hoping it's just a pregnancy thing and
I'm not just slowly going and that in
what's of have the baby and I'm
recovered I'll feel a lot better I'm
sorry to keep bringing negative things
into the flogs
I don't like to do that because I like
to keep things really up but oh the cats
are escaping from the room that's
supposed to live in yeah I don't like to
do that but I think that it's important
portrayed accurate representation of
what life is really like because then
you fall into the trap of showcasing
this like incredible life and then other
people that are going through the same
kind of thing as you like me when I
watch other people sometimes and I stay
here thinking like why is everything
okay for them and not for me
so yeah I'm trying to be accurate but
not like super dramatic and super down
yadda yadda anyway now I'm gonna go get
my hair done I'm getting my roots done
and I think I'm gonna have a toner on to
make it a bit pink because I feel like
doing something a bit different jazzy
myself up but it's self love etc etc
I've got to run these cats up because
they're about to go and fly a rocket and
rock it's not going to be happy about
them going you know it's food
boys this is not where you live is it
you've escaped come on back you go come
on come on that's it a little waddle
you're just gonna say that right come on
that's it that's it
keep going the phrase herding cats comes
lined keep going
no no no no thank you
love you lots a good day see in a couple
of hours ye step one
it's not the roots out those bad boys
this is a good look for me
beautiful right keep it right there
what's Alesia has put all the is it is
it just bleep chill it's here that goes
on once I've completely fried my hair
with beach we put a giant condom on this
is your what's your favorite part of
this process
this bit because you can walk away from
40 minutes Alysia is my hair completely
fried because we put so much bleach on
there not just because they only do not
know very much time so in - because
sometimes there we go so you can bleach
we can bleach your hair to buggery
sometimes I like a little bit of milk
and oil if it feels a bit like Barbie a
pair let me go read it from the horse's
mouth you can bleach it - bugger it be
fine it's just a toner or die she loves
it when I do this there we go okay sorry
okay I'm a portrait it's just the
waiting game I feel like a new woman I'm
so happy with how this turned out with
every wash it will go a bit lighter but
I like it this color and I like it
lighter finally feel sexy again I want
to go upstairs and like redo my makeup
and like we do all my like foundation
round here but I'm really happy with
this Thank You Alesia for doing this
you've done a wonderful job it's three
o'clock I'm not peeking da see about
half three she's going to her family's
house and I'm going to a meeting at five
I really do you want to redo my makeup
so I mean I could use them to eat and
then I'm going to speak in the kitchen
spend some time with the kitties and
head off to my meeting which fortunately
I can take you to and they do you wanna
see the cute oof
yes you do want to see oh yes you've got
you found a little hair bubble that
you've snuck into your bed it's like
your treasure so little treasure that
you found Oh fitzy purring yes they're
not oh but your milky oh oh there you
found yourself a treasure oh good boy
milky you having such a good pal oh yeah
that's why you wanted me it'll be your
face rub yeah
tada so nice and tidy like it
do you like it no it's tidy yes you do I
feel glamorous AF for my meeting and I'm
happy about that is much much later now
about half 10 the meeting went really
well
it wasn't like until all this time I
picked off yet for my play date and she
had such a nice time with her little
friend and then we came back and put it
bear did like bother her wash yada yada
and now today I'm feeling like
especially like like feel like me to be
attached to all the time you know
context I'm feeling a bit like weird and
like imagining terrible things think why
don't say like some more oh yeah I'm
annoying myself yeah I'll see you in the
morning I'm buddy no I do forgot to fill
my outfit today for my little outfit
tyrants I'm doing don't know whether I
should like put it back on and do it
again tomorrow or just blows every good
big day tomorrow it's like it's a new
day it's a new dawn it's a new life and
I'm feeling good good morning it's
Wednesday it's about 8:00 a.m. about to
do the school run and um today we are
what it's a good day today so I'm gonna
charge a battery whilst I'm school
running cool running hahaha
and seeing a bit you know are you
helping me
Rockets hopped onto my soft office ok my
bed wound isn't editing you want a bit
of face there's each one some face he
knows that you can just that's it yes
rub that faced against my knuckles or
who loves it all around here don't you
he says Rockets like dream just how to
do anything just sometimes it dribbles a
bit which is sort of like they go oh
yeah I'm gonna do it again
yeah sometimes it dribbles which is a
bit like a bit of moisturizer for your
face you hander me
that's really special yes that's really
special order to us now - yes
what a morning it's like half one I have
done so much this morning already I just
sat like solidly at my desk and just got
stuff done
I say desk I don't mean desk I mean my
soft office and that's my bed um I just
wanted to show you how beautifully tidy
my wardrobe is right now because this is
a rarity you know this you know what a
shit tip it is normally oh it's nice I
need to choose something to wear for
tonight because I'm at an event with
Paige tuna and Lindsay calc authors
extraordinaire as maybe this maybe this
I love this I wear this all the time
yeah else I need to choose something
none of this will do any of these will
do the point where dish and then get
going I have got so much makeup on right
now I haven't worn this much makeup in a
long time concealer on feel like the
most badass bitch in the world
so I've arrived in Camden we're just
waiting for Lindsey Kelly and I feel
like I'm having maybe a small fangirl
moment like they're reading her books
forever and excited like animals I'm
excited for wagga members just in
general being excited for her dinner to
go in or way outside so this isn't
raghavan us
yeah I went out the door to my grandma's
this is this is a great thought can only
hope that on this 12-inch get there I
went into a trendy vegan restaurant once
baked definitely don't do chicken
capsicum is that currently what a
delicious shot or that sent you zoomed
well sorry guys it's like I'm sitting
out on running sheet this is so sorry
it's a cat suit can we like a mama
sponsor me food not like running shit
yes VisiCalc
author of all the I hearts are there
like 13 now yeah I will link them below
not all of them just the latest one or
just link your website what would you
prefer about this afterwards just whack
come on go by yourself we both got pink
hair and she's great and I'm gonna put
this in there I mean we have left
am I just basically for I just force
Lindsey to film my outfit for my outfit
but they're doing and lots of people
walk by I just look like a bellend
actually just a massive pink hair ballad
that's the restaurant boomer she went
into Mildred's vegan vegetarian
restaurant with a friendly
shout out for the vegans them and now
we're gonna go and do a book ahead with
page two also all four extraordinaire do
a link below and all that anything just
I just like this we know it's actually
very nice but it doesn't make me feel
that much better that's what you see
every day isn't it
just to giant like Oscars but in silver
what is this place called that we are at
yeah give it my sister come sit oh yeah
then some look at these here we go here
we are proud heart o proof roof got off
bulls that rushed up this is the room
this is the stage
don't know why phone it's like idiot
this
thank you thank you thank you one and
only reporters afraid yes because we
don't don't bother with me when I'm not
pissed off and right you burped and I'll
see you at the end yeah yeah I'm gonna
give you based time how well the
deadline yeah we are going in and we've
got your eyes very good by it and we're
gonna go do some talk um yeah all right
you know what ah stop fucking and he's
not even Satan laughs and see because
they fear to us all is just doing a
little in the Loom summary oh that was
amazing so nice gonna pan out with Paige
and lúthien feel like this I'm just
really like I hate this like cringy but
it's like really inspired me it's
probably nice and now we're gonna go
into a little signing and just nice
being amongst such amazing women anyway
we're gonna do the sign I don't have so
much of that
what do you think - the red vibes do you
feel like you're about to get murdered
or that you're in a brothel this is a
little cute
I've got Paige over there hello Lindsay
over there this is my table I've got
pages but they'll get rid of that so
what now my table you all set
it is like speed dating or it's like
you've gone to a restaurant just very
sadly buy yourself a lovely bit speed
they think good fun oh we're in business
it's Thursday is it Thursday yes it's
Thursday last night was so good I really
really enjoyed it I enjoyed a being
amongst Paige and Lindsay I enjoyed the
audience it was such a good crowd and
like such such like smart women
basically I really enjoyed it and also
how I enjoyed just getting out and about
and not kind of slumming around being
mum and it was just nice to feel a bit
glamorous today I'm feeling a little bit
feeling like oh it nervous I suppose
nervous anxious something like that
I'm having a CBT session with a really
lovely woman called Paula from
Northampton General Hospital who is the
matron there of the like maternity unit
I think I had to meet the matron session
last month because with Doc I feel like
talking about it and briefly after
Darcy's birth I didn't feel right and I
went to my midwife a few times so she
said oh maybe it's postnatal depression
I was like I don't think it is I've
researched that very heavily I wouldn't
have any shame if that's what it was but
it didn't feel like that and after some
counselling and back-and-forth thing it
was PTSD and the way I dealt with it was
probably not the best way I just thought
oh how many more children like the thing
that cause it was the delivery of Darcy
and this Darcy if ever you are watching
this when you've grown up it's not you
is there were so many things it was such
an invasive delivery I had to have a lot
of help and they were also having gone
back over the notes though it for a meet
them a trend a session where you can go
back over and have like a debrief of
what happened and don't want to say
mistakes but there were a lot of things
that happened as a consequence of
something else I bring something else
having and just like a cascade of things
that would hope that would not happen
again little little things nothing huge
little things but it was all those
little things added up and I felt very
had a text like I didn't feel good about
it I had flashbacks I couldn't sleep
blah blah blah I didn't talk about at
the time I haven't talked about it since
because I felt what I won't have any
more children don't you deal with it
obviously now having another one going
into that birthing environment and that
postpartum environment is making me feel
very negative so I've been like seeking
some help with that and I have a lovely
midwife
- lovely midwives Paula who's going to
help with some CBT and also I'm going to
some hypno birthing as well so yeah I'm
glad that the term that these are all
positive things but having to like think
about all the things that like upset me
so much six years ago is quite
challenging so feeling it like that
that's at three o'clock before then I
want to film a Primark haul because I
think I might cry during my session so I
want to get that done before I look all
like see how we go here we go
might update you I might not if it
doesn't feel like - roar and like there
then I will but if it does and you
understand and as I say it's not like a
very exciting day today tomorrow it's
though so now I'm just going to go sit
in my soft office
bobert and do some writing I've just
finished filming my haul what I did a
Primark undertaking the tripod it's
going up Friday Lord yep oh it already
be a look at this please that's a thing
that I needed in my life isn't it
and in like five minutes Paula will be
here for CBT and
you know it's gonna go I know we're
taught is about really feeling quite
quite nervous about it guys a momentous
occasion has happened and I will show
you it first of all you know to the
babies they're just lighting a little
selection of candles for Paula because I
wanted her to think that I'm a sari
together woman and I just licked my
giant the white company's summer thing
and then they went out
this is officially over I can't believe
it it's about the best handle ever but
now I'm gonna go in store this one has
also run out this was a little home
since you won Joe loves I'm going to go
into store and see if they have an
autumn one that excites me I think I'm
gonna try and get the wax out of this
use it as a brush holder because that is
really big can someone leave a couple of
how is the best way to get some wax out
of glass containers please also looking
at my slippers is stronger cats Madison
so I've just had my lovely session with
Paula who is the matron and I was so
good I don't know why I was so worried
why do you know what I saw but oh so I
just feel so I wouldn't say that I feel
like yeah I can't wait to give birth
gonna be so great but I just don't I
don't feel traumatized from the session
know which is which is really good and
is this something I should make him eat
well video might because I want to talk
about this in depth but also I'm acutely
aware I'm not the expert in this
I mean I'm seeking expert help to help
myself because I'm so not the expert in
this but really we have to do some
breathing exercises which sounds really
wonky but it was really nice and started
to imagine an amazing birth a satisfying
birth and I had never considered that
such as me existed as a satisfying birth
I had hoped for a non traumatic birth
which is neutral but
a great birth we talked about lots of
things that happened with Darcy's
delivery and afterwards and yeah really
really nice I'm having another session
with her in October as well as hypno
birthing from the double mama from the
positive birth company which will be
amazing whose message ever catch me
today um yeah I just feel very very nice
good morning it's Friday
I've got ever coming over today we're
gonna go to home cents we arranged this
in like August and I had a she said
don't go to home sense until you get
with me I have been I have been to home
sense only to put lipstick on as well I
have known it took on weird just lip
balm um I found a voucher for home cents
I don't know how much it's for I found
it in my cup but I was like my god I
would use this but now I have a little
problem
hi I don't want to wake you up but
you're on my voucher cookies little
feetsies hello oh he's in yes yes tickle
me Mommy
Oh baby I could buy your bed with that
voucher and then you won't notice people
on the voucher these videos we go
anymore more cat porn aren't they oh
sweet little pause the lipstick I'm
going to wear today is a velvet teddy
when I was blond I don't think it worked
because it's this like neutral color but
I'm gonna use you as a mirror I think it
looks really nice with this car huh rule
I could never hurt yourself
I need to know what
right hi
is Louise and Emma we are going to
HomeSense
Emma's doing a come shop with me but she
introduced as it comes short with me and
we're sitting else house budgets sort of
and also is that close to my favorite no
I am NOT going to buy candles I don't
need any more candles
don't need any more candles Emma's not
going to buy any more pumpkins
or are you I might buy one we'll see how
it goes
shri park and go in yeah I'm not going
to lick the shop and no this time it's
addition we've got distracted and we'll
come into Laura Ashley then orange an
amber candle what are they what even are
they often and what is that they're not
all right we're still gravy on them yeah
you just look it cuz it's big big
Christmas stuff they've got Christmas
too oh my god when is it too early to
buy Christmas things do you think my
trolleys we mean business
let's go doing this here we go match it
off see the pumpkins what salt they
weren't gonna get any candle I know but
that's beautiful beautiful I might get a
couple of candles
I said no kinda beautiful berry the air
from the stationery I physically can't
cope because personally that's not this
oh my god and then Emma's like talking
about tactics oh okay
I am a put everything in your twenty
then at the end take out what you don't
want to leave it at the side which is
really bad because shoppers anticipate
that oh yeah if you're a shop assistant
quite although if that's what your pet
peeve comment below
it is really yeah but what's your tactic
then my tactic is I'm gonna do a swoop
thing and then go again
we're not um sorry no we've got three
weeks later we'll still be here a candle
light I'm gonna get this yeah it's not
1999 I think it will last a long time
before you'll come to the rally file
them away yeah do a file in candle I've
got a son with his fine sister
before years later whistling saves
far-right maple pecan or become how to
vote it's not as praline oh my god right
there's some more things I'm getting
that - don't touch that that's mine
smash your face
okay there's also smoked pumpkin I'm not
Christmas okay we're moving away from
the candles and I have come all over the
Mystics
but she's good going that might be too
big for subtle I'm going to get this
mummys kitchen little monsters welcome
that's cute
I'm getting that her nose sort of the
score yeah that's about that
John I've drawn a tree kids look at this
look at this
I really like that up and ever such a
lot Derek as it was they don't know me
of like balls yeah three there you don't
have three balls here not everyone we've
become overwhelmed by the autumn and
Halloween products so we're gonna have
to walk away from them now and look at
some other things and then come back
when we feel a bit more you know
ingratiated with oh my god there's a
bureau oh my gosh gee that's nice it'd
be nice to put the TV I wouldn't know -
well that's a good price
makes through a good little TV cabinet
doesn't I'm gonna bear that in mind
I just thought from across the way a rug
I thought it really nice and then I was
like oh it won't be real oh I don't know
that Israel it says this on Emma there's
a label on the inside myth could you it
smells of leather yeah yeah it's leather
Thanks
I mean I can't say too much I think just
feeling my tips too much because I wear
leather but that makes me sad that the
filling you could I mean I wouldn't have
it in my house make one it'd be very
pretty
can you make fake ones please Vincent's
but that's that's me sorted then and for
these cushions and these cushions and
these cushions cushions come upstairs
and Emma physically gasped at this
section it's exciting ping Chau
what's happened with water ugh didn't
you we've gone overboard touch the
budget I had stuff delivered to mr.
Wattson furniture I was trying to
negotiate petrale my god okay right
we've got to get quite a lot of stuff in
a minute and that is a fun challenge so
it's a seven-foot tree Molly she's off
it was actually not that hard at all
right in there some pillows in there huh
few days we've just filmed some mainship
this is a nice angle
come at me this angle is so much
starting my videos we've just filmed a
main Channel video the only change
between us it's kinda like you know
really big here we are here's Emma
promise
oh is gonna help us get a minge out
right I've got a gonna do the school run
now and then tonight daughters having a
film at Halloween Havoc this thing of
hot topics topics
whatever you got camera me I can attack
on how I can I understand school rundown
I'm doing dinner
mum's fav fish fingers marsh broccoli
and beans
I don't know where any of my baking
trays are you look gorgeous do a twelve
good just ready for the party look over
here what is this so hard we you need
just for the tea please try to put that
on the coffee table carefully two hands
oh yeah
that's some good party prep noodles
we've got spooky spooky chalks on a
spooky skull plate put up some crisps in
these very nice I am going to tell you
about a genius find on Amazon it's that
plate if your kids don't eat very well
when you know someone to think you very
well doesn't
oh great dose is going through all the
Halloween stuff what you do is you put
all the food in the little compartments
and you can get quite a lot in I'll just
pile it up and then here we've got a
little treat so I'm going to touch these
chocolate
look at it and then he put the lid on
and then you put their food on it and
she has to eat all of these until she
over the treat and it's such a motivator
and it actually makes her eat which is
like a freaking miracle I'll link it
below if you're interested if you don't
have kids and I'm not sure you'll want
this unless you want to eat yourself but
I love it excited do does one opportun
don't check the tree until you finish so
excited to devour this heaters are going
pretty easy
no kitty cat oh no for each other yes
guys make love not war don't do that I
have had an Amazon deliveries I thought
you would go through it together because
who doesn't love a little Amazon
delivery haul
I bought a quite a few bits lately and
this box is quite heavy so we'll see
what's in it okay I approached him for
something
let's see don't judge me
okay actually could you go and check
everything your bedroom is isotype you
feel guests yeah and you can rearrange
the pillows on my bed if you like I know
but I know how you like to arrange them
okay okay
so no don't judge me my friends and I
have set up puzzle club we really like
doing puzzles we discovered this one how
to girls like these a night in class and
it does its puzzle we were like we
should have a puzzle night and I'm
hosting the puzzle and so I got it one
fastening piece Disney puzzle puzzles
jigsaw puzzle I'm very satisfying to do
and they're gonna come over on Monday
not this Monday coming for the next
Monday and we're going to set it all out
on the table we're just gonna like drink
drinks and nipple nipples and do our
puzzle and chat and I can't wait early
on what came yesterday I ordered a
subset of all the string at it a little
tiny mini tripod for my camera so it's
got like bendy legs and then it's got a
bit that you can attach onto any camera
I'll link it below for you anyway and
it's amazing
shaped like Legos starting Christmas oh
by the satisfying picture on there is no
starting early because I'm not planning
on like fully fully going out to the
shops shopping this year cuz just
getting more and more preggers and I
don't really want to like schlep from
the shops so essentially every weekend
just ordering books on Amazon or I've
ordered a comes with some jewels
I was just forever I can't think what to
get me if anyone has any advice on what
you get boyfriend's I got absolutely no
idea like he wants clothes his clothes
bit boring and keeping it always a man
who has gorgeous but you know give a
shit about catch it don't know why I'm
like who's ruining his go dress because
he just come at me like every was
marriages um yeah pick up
I'll say by now but it won't be by
because I'm going to film like all of us
little friends here and a little party
but literally only a couple of clips so
I will say bye and then I'll add on
those clips and then just fade to black
glorious so a link with its below is
anything else I talked about this video
that should link um I hope you've
enjoyed this week I've enjoyed this week
I have felt a lot more up this week I
ended last week last Friday feeling very
down I didn't really convey how down I
felt in the video because I don't like
to be too like Moaning Myrtle about
things but last Friday was like the
downest
the lowest pregnancy day I've had so far
but it's gone like steadily up this week
which is really good yeah okay I like
just chatting about this maybe I should
set the camera up like this Morford for
a minute there I thought one of its
covers was opening wouldn't you just
shit yourself if something moved behind
me it was a ghost okay on that note I
love you don't click off the Beauty more
clips
it's been an hour me and Emma have been
in the front room let's see the carnage
that's going on here
what are you being quite well behaved
