hey baby
wanna go for a ride she look so innocent
right now is it I thought wouldn't
mellow Pierre back greatest asleep right
now which is just nice for us to have a
little bit of quiet calm time we had a
bit of a slight issue without we
actually change rooms
yeah great it's like issues our locker
room but they upgraded this majorly so
this is like one of probably one of the
best Suites in the hotel
Michael is obsessed with adventuring and
I don't know if you guys know our
honeymoon story before okay this is the
island the idea of Mauritius well I
almost died on the back of the motorbike
because Michael was obsessed in a place
called you kind of did it she kind of
did almost I my foot was bleeding take
heart
hey baby
how are you doing how are you doing good
wanna go for a ride my Harley it's not
up
it's quite my board space for a little
one on the back here sweetheart no I'm
going back to the hotel love you bye
because he didn't know how to write ride
the moped I pretended that he's here
hotel I'm telling me and then he we he
turned the corner and bashed and I'm
like I hit the curb but I was crying it
was torrential e raining and we didn't I
don't have a choice besides to get back
on the motorbike maybe a reflection it
wasn't the wisest thought in the world
to kind of take your first trip ever on
a motorbike with your wife on the back
in on a two-hour journey you know
torrential rain in a foreign country
yeah yeah however we're back we love it
here and right but didn't go out you've
got a car here's the hired car for the
day hopefully it's all right roasting
hot in here please
it's literally a sauna inside yeah
Michael's got his fun shades on and you
can probably tell he thinks he's that GE
that done did Leon non-leather kick his
face how's it look were messy
uh mass has been busting out that French
at every way possible he's good then
he's good
Tony Edmonton oh if we continue a tude
what a play by 20 kilo Mehta Monica news
11 or destination so she could oppose me
I don't know what he's talking about by
auntie Santana he to Verbier she's very
good
poisoning very good in the back right
now
this is a vertical garden going to a
Botanical Garden is probably one of the
last things we do a back at home it just
hands out something old people do and
since we're so young and hit then like
why would we do that but to be really
cool I mean I just took a banging photo
for the gram a banging poem I might take
a banging protocol for the gram as well
let's get more than like inactive all
right let's do it
I'm taking Michael's picture now but
what do you think of your Instagram
pictures I will do it's always better
when you've got Instagram wife to help
you out
check out those lily pads have you ever
seen anything like that look how look at
the Sun this is mine lettuce in my foot
that is insane hey what are you doing
come down no grace grace is crying
because I won't let her jump into the
river come on dolly
come on let's let's go and be normal
come on darling careful
down at the Botanical Gardens and now
you're off to a town called Grand by
just got to the grande at sunset and
it's amazing what are you getting it's
protein NATO and tomato all nice okay
that sounds good
we're just sitting here watching okay
sometimes you eat food in a fancy
restaurant or a hotel you don't like it
and then sometimes you buy your whole
dinner for two pounds from a roadside go
there's two pounds by the way well yeah
it's that eighty rupees you buy your
whole dinner for about eighty rupees and
you prefer it it's weird right mom to
take a single article is you I'm gonna
get more jeez got seven o'clock in the
morning beautiful house today
everybody's asleep Grace's of sleep
which is asleep nobody wants to get up
and play spin about ten minutes in I'm
struggling to breathe this is what
happens when you get married have a baby
I think a bunch of excuses where you got
exercise you get Mac it after about ten
minutes money this is fun
warning from another day malicious we
could have bring you to breakfast is
having some brands number day you my
salmon so this is what I have quite some
some fruit and the crack the fresh air
bang and then we say regret my Chris
coming back with another plate Michael
how many plates is that most of them are
for grace to go your life your friends
got to place out the one who is the
growing child so you know it's only cat
Emily doing you know the right thing and
helping her out
Michael are actually doing the most this
is comfortably just in here with a bread
knife we have got child care for a
couple of hours it's kind of cool so
well we've got a little bit of time that
we are actually going to do some extreme
water sports you go cannot swim the clip
of Michael what's it called water skiing
and is my is like my ultimate favorite
clip of all time with Michael
I don't see why you enjoy quite so far
and I shared it with this whole family
we cried actually I can be brave and I'm
going to be bit about that life to do it
you're going at the big blue ocean out
there
damn babe how did you get on oh oh okay
okay so his Felicia is your leg in this
guy and then following your leg the your
skis in the water floating behind but
it's really odd then when I said about
creepy crawlies what the hell is it look
at this creepy Connie what is this why
is it got like a two-prong butthole
what the heck get that you anything it's
so random did you go from no don't don't
fly Oh actually flies they actually
flies like nice just to sit here and
swing I'm actually going to start
writing because I've been needing an
outlet and this is a perfect moment to
pick up a book a pen and write what oh
yeah hey bye grace where you going she
waves goodbye bye that's how even divine
by grace pie grace is pulling
heartstrings right now she's in
digitally being absolutely wild to in
the water
everyone's coming over and she looks so
innocent right now is it
Atmel
my you look better tonight than you did
yesterday and I wanted to wear this
traitor you told me not to
oh really that shut our bans I think in
obedient husband for once and there what
can I say you're not going I bought you
that shirt then see did not buy that
shirt from Topshop no I wear that
Topshop where's that flop shit from some
Topshop and I bought that shirt for you
link oh boy you didn't babe I bought it
from Topshop for you hey you look nice
your arms look good
let's show them that the guns don't what
are you talking about
great cont grace oh hello oh fuck off
for grace hello
that's her lunch in the face hello oh
it's it for me hi hello hi you're
sweeter grace hello it was sweet sweet
grace phone call for grace Humpty
walking in the dark as the path is not
lit my biggest fear right now is my
phone is very scary hold on babe come
bitch such a wuss
so basically going to a local restaurant
rather than eating on the ground when we
go out to these ducks
what's up Michael don't - that's not
funny you're so mean ah I get her every
single time Frank Wright has been
pranked wife gone wrong this right here
in the result of amusement
in the water see it oh you're a big girl
playing in the water and everything like
that
we're about to go paragliding funny I'm
like really keen to do all this stuff
now it's back in it they have like you
know I don't do any of it I don't do
anything like this
I'm ready honey
okay I don't like it anymore I don't
like it anymore I don't like any movie
I was just no plain session so lady
loves evil day
let's get enjoyment spice and I are off
to the suitable little baby simple I'm
gonna see what grosses like she hasn't
had swimmy license just yet but she
moved in soon but we think she's a
natural anyway okay see excited he's a
daddy okay wrap it
oops double I'm Darlene watch what
happens when I tried to take her out
what what what I'm wait this is let me
back in the water right now let me back
in right now
alright God would be free be free
we are off to the main city now and yes
we could like to go out a little bit
later in a day because it's just so hot
but we're going to a place called post
loonies with it down to port Louise just
in the evenings probably not a good time
to come actually and turned out to be a
really great day look around not the
nicest of days but it's still good to
come have a look around this is where
the main market of the town is this is
what we well in the main reasons why we
came here
unfortunately it's two days it's C we're
too late and it's Chuck nevermind we're
back at the hotel now
bass is gone to sleep in the other room
Patricia's actually I'm not even gonna
I'm even a trying shelter if I tried to
show she would literally dive under the
pillow right now jo jo Jo she's there
poking but it's gonna be a spot poking
her poking a little nose out yeah we
just had a super there's a massive
battle but we're both like stretched out
in it fully stretched out only as we had
the same battle we always have that it
was roasting Colin
my skin was actually peeling from my
body it was so hot I was like a literal
boiled lobster in there Patricia's like
this is cold can we turn it up a bit
flip say are you trying to incinerate my
skin off me because you nothing we enjoy
more than having a bath together we
don't do it very often it's not a day
you could imagine but I'm the our trip
to port least wasn't anybody's a bit
crap to be honest I was going to try and
make it sound like it was good that was
dead I think we went to the wrong place
at the wrong that was really dead true
it's like a nice capital it's lovely
people there we're gonna call that night
so thanks for watching and don't catch
you next time or we'll see you tomorrow
everyone's up go for breakfast is the
earliest you've been up in the whole
holiday we're about to go home but
better late than never
this is all I'm having today
it's right head-on having to some
locally sourced organic non-gmo vegan
passion fruit with some watermelon
hashtag life hey Baek 10.1 you mean zero
black water Teddy just before we leave I
thought I'd do a quick room tour it's
kind of funny me doing a room tour
because when we first started vlogging I
actually used to basically take the piss
out of Patricia because she used to do
like hotel room tours and I was like
what the hell who would want to watch
that but things change and nowadays
actually find them kind of fun kind of
interesting to watch so without further
ado here is my official holiday room
tour oh you enter we have got over here
this is like the main kind of like
living area I guess one two sofas this
looks straight out onto the beautiful
balcony
which has got this nice cool little like
hammock type thing down here is our
private pool as well and then couple of
sun loungers and then straight there if
you walk about at no 20 or 30 meters is
the sea and the beach this is the
bedroom where we've been staying a
little bit messy now because we've just
checked out and hope you chucked all
that stuff and the keys are just about
to start coming in but again there's a
big TV kind of desk has a cot that we
had obviously because we had great with
us then in here we have the bathroom
we've got like a his-and-her sinker huge
bathtub in here
I mean we just had a great bath in there
the other night very relaxing can both
stretch out toilet in there nobody
really wants to see the toilet one big
shower cubicle and then here it's like
an outdoor shower actually really like
I'm not freaky or anything but I
actually really like having an outdoor
shower kind of feels really good just
being out in nature just some cupboards
here you're safe and that concludes my
holiday room talk at the airport now got
to head on the plane to go home
Michael's caught one little tan it was
there by look at me I have actually
might get that modeling contract after
all yeah we are about to go home bye
guys
you
