good mm afternoon people of the Internet
hello it is all up that's a slowing no
it's our second to last day here in LA
should today what we're doing is we're
gonna head down to venice cuz we ain't
not been down to venice so we're gonna
see what venice is about and just having
a bit of a chill day really I guess
later on I'm going to be exploring that
cellar so that's going to be scary also
i was with i'm joey graceffa last night
filming with him I've took take it took
him took him take some advice of him
here's I'll have enjoy your hair I was
like every day and he's like every day I
was like yeah he's like dude your colors
gonna go like that if you wish I hair
every day I've got purple shampoo but
he's still like it's going to go every
day if you wash our hair so I was like
what do i do and he's like yeah I wish
my head like twice a month I was like
twice a month twice a month how can your
hair deal with that like does it not get
greasy and smelly and blow up so today I
didn't wash my hair and I used like some
other stuff and we can't like it gives
it gives it more texture gives it a bit
more layering so on the way to Venice
today in LA is pride day we were going
to go but with everything that happened
yesterday in Florida everyone's a bit
cautious and trying to be safe than
obviously it's sucking track to happen
but you'll still still trying to show
you something like we're driving kind of
threw it so you might see some like
little parade bits or people wearing
colorful clothes and stuff and yeah I
went three years ago it was really a fun
actually we're just going to head down
to venice and see what venice is like
but that the sun is coming out a little
bit which is nice because we haven't had
something for a couple days these things
in my favorite things
hello Emma for these planes Breitling's
yay
there's the ocean go for a swim we have
made it down to venice an area I've not
been before this is like a little bit
past the normal Venice that I never
liked skate park is never down good and
its really nice like we should have got
bikes and slide from here can you
rollerblade I've never tried it I think
if you roll away escape it's got boosted
board oh that's amazing but yeah this is
Venice look how beautiful is the beach
this is a moment guys oh it's just
rather that's really doubt everyone then
looked we're just having lunch sat in
the sun and i'm sami zayn malik because
the tables like that but the sun's there
so being British you have to get as much
of your body and samus pasa aqui so keno
for those rays I must say I do love that
hand you might love it I love it haha
candles on Venice
no I didn't mean that like a sunny
hamden really really cool Camden was in
LA it would be Venice we're walking
towards escape on I don't know what
we're doing but we're heading to
spontaneous creepy maybe why not I've
never done this before just walk hard
better life yeah wasn't sure of it I
don't know if I statement or is it just
going to be someone like snapping their
arms you could do it if you like yeah we
might go jail but this is visualize the
freakshow head right there oh yes yes
yeah yeah but blow this grass i love
yeah she has the ability to was get high
amounts of electricity services I offer
you the electric field light northern
switch on a thousand volts in the life
you can see the slides up and if you
look through the bottom you will see
raise an electrician jumping from the
charity delightful watch my elbow
Oh thoughts on the freak freak freak
show unique I guess it was amazing yeah
yeah talented the other nose just got I
don't know what I feel I only come a
little bit but a guy swallows swords and
yeah literally hooked through his nose
at is my other night weird then I just
feel bad like I've actually tablets yeah
well he said it is to get they took him
three years and then to do three years
hey we're by the skate park now which is
why i said it's cool to come to anyway
so we're going to go to skate park and
see some peeps thrown down some killer
moves yeah man spike whose bed for dance
and roll of days little british boys
going for a walk to the sea really wants
to stick his feet in the sea told no
sharks and he always yeah hmm meanwhile
i'm just going to stand very much is
cool
now moved over to watch a basketball
game ninja watching a basketball game
bad start this is so freaking cool
bashas barraclough pieces is free let's
get these he's got out bored all day
love this guy just on the call hi sy
random gone the court filming now come
down to the workout bit come with time
with this car handjob
Muscle Beach yo where the real homies
training where you get your real pump
out but there probably is a very heavier
than now i would not trained how can we
be okay there I think I I reckon you
would yeah I reckon you'd wipe the floor
below them so having a quick little stop
off at Cafe Gratitude capriotti's like a
super healthy place it does amazing food
it was amazing like snacky foods so
we're going to run it wraps amazing
snacky foods I just got a kombucha
because it's great for this little mini
selection what do we get here I didn't
need to actually look at them but it's
with Chuck she surprises but I'm yeah
they're like good ingredients stuff so
I'm going to put them in the fridge when
we get home and right now I've got
things with a mighty which is just like
oats and some chocolate and stuff you
listen America grow up use the condom
wonder if Kanye would do that quick on
how to put the flags and garnish
nobody much yeah we're back home and
just chillin I'm actually reading
through comments on the blog on the
first book actually so yeah here's a
little time for for you the time that
you're watching this vlog I'm vlogging
the day that the first blog in LA went
up if that makes any sense shoot so I'm
just reading for the comments and find
it hilarious like I love reading
comments especially on blogs because
people become so like you got I say
people it's you guys like you become so
involved in your life like vlogging is
such a personal thing and you guys get
so like into like night not guessing
things just like speculating on
everything you do I love it like
fascinating three and funny but yeah
we're just chilling we've got one good
thing that we've got in whole free today
I got this beer called IP a fresh IPA
IPA in beers like Indian pair now and
don't I'm not professional beer drinker
enough to hear all this neurologist yeah
I'm not virologist to be able to go Oh
IPA is actually mean you know it's a
slightly stronger hops of wheat combined
with that I haven't got a clue but I
realized I like it a lot IPA so if
that's any any fun information for you
to then there you go um maybe just imma
children with some beer
