hi everyone it's so today's video is
what I like to call a little push vlog
and we're inviting you to free the joy
with us and Cadbury's puddles so last
weekend Andrew and I were invited down
to puddles town in Dorset celebrate the
launch of the new cadbury dairy milk
puddles so as you're about to see we had
such a lovely day in the town there was
a real sense of community and just a
really lovely joyous atmosphere that's
enough for me I'm gonna let you get on
to the video if you have tried puddles
let me know what flavors your favorite
mine is hazelnut Andrews is mean and
yeah enjoy
you
this is the cadbury dairy milk bubbles
2015 ducks ladies in town
what number
so after a lovely day in the British
countryside we've Cadbury's puddles and
we're going to treat ourselves to some
lunch and maybe a quick tipple we hope
you have enjoyed this video if you have
your shorts give it a thumbs up let's
not we think models as well I've also
met so many lovely people who read my
blog and watch my youtube channel so
what is a big hello to you guys
