hello pal happy Sunday morning or at
least it is as I record this this is my
look this is a good look today I have
something a little bit different today
I'm working with grapes Western Railways
which is a train service here in the UK
the south west of the UK and we are kind
of teaming up to celebrate World Book
Day I'm editing this another day and
realized that I said National Book Day
well done Hayley I think one of the best
things about living in the UK and one of
my favorite things about the UK is the
accessibility offered by train when I
was young there was a train that would
go through my town that I never really
got to ride on but we used to count the
train cars there just this thing that I
saw never come near and then I'm
flipside that you had the fantastical
trains here the Hogwarts Express and you
had the train I got the peasants Iza the
Blitz and the professor's house where I
found Narnia so transport we're almost
mythic in my mind when I moved to the UK
a few years back I used to be going up
and down to Edinburgh every few weeks
and that's when I just really fell in
love with trains okay before I keep
talking about trains let me finish
curling my hair and let's get on a bus
that will do not only is it a more
sustainable way of travel as compared to
planes or cars or anything like that
I love taking a few hours just sit and
relax and look out the window and read a
book and feel like you're actually
getting somewhere because you literally
are coming back to the UK about a year
ago I've made it my mission see as much
as the UK as possible because it's so
easy to just look at a kit online
usually a few weeks in advance I think
at Great Western Railways you can look
up to 12 weeks in advance and it's
really cheap and then you can just go
see a new city and come home at the end
of the day and sleep in your own bed its
opponent it's a form of travel it's
basically only second best to apparition
in my opinion
webinar with morning everybody sings I
like it better very Rocky
during the monitoring out because I'm on
my way to Bristol Sabine bookshops
change in all of the countries and they
are a free return to get to escape the
novel machine
chain city like I'm doing right now if
they treasure hunt in the milk and drink
so and on what more could you tell
highways hi Bobby
my favorite contagious fiction successes
in the comments now and then see you
later what look behind us in case you're
wondering what might rain read is today
I am reading between the world and me by
Tom Ahoskie coat also Black History
Month in the u.s. so finally getting
around to reading this one we didn't
Stockholm by oh I really hope you can
hear man it's not too windy here on the
water should be perfectly honest for a
very long time I'm mostly a so
disassociated result with this so it was
kind of where Harry fell asleep and I
also I'm pretty sure that Bristol is
where JK Rowling was originally from or
near by bursts or something like that
and also where she got to poop longer
Harry Potter knowledge so film healthy
donors years I have learned that bristle
is actually a really creative
environment like it's a home to a lot of
series at mysteries and just really
awesome Alta it's beautiful and it's on
water which makes me feel like I'm at
home since my home town was a little
fairy town so the first thing I've done
today is check out the Arnolfini which
is like a museum also I've marked a lot
of places I really want to do so on your
wrist so let's do that
does this give you guys as many Diagon
Alley vibes as it's giving me also it's
called the Christmas stuff so you know
my kind of place
but nevertheless
people just did must to find more indie
shops I went into a really cool shop
called Lane that sold a lot of cool art
like local crafts and things like that
very cool picked up gifts for my
brother's I can't say because you might
watch me birthdays in April my book in
the last book shops you can't receive
because it's all covered by scaffolding
but it really was also a hit and I also
sold old covers of different magazines
such and I got this vogue for 5 pounds
and I think it is so cool so it's been a
little while since I checked in closely
just because I've been popping in and s
and shops and stuff as I go and now on
my way over to a stationary shop that I
want to go to and then my Clifton
suspension bridge which everyone has
told me to do so I got a bus pass today
about a person walking works it's
probably a very windy I just wandered
around the Clifton arcade which is such
a small independent shop and they were
really really cool if you're in Bristol
I super recommend going there they had a
really cool I'm stationary shop called
paper Smith had been week I got really
overwhelmed for the amount of cool
stationary I ended up not getting
anything fudge as you guys have seen
I've taken you to a few different book
shop went to the last book store we went
to Stanford's which was the travel book
store as well as the art museum book
shops that I went to as soon as I got to
Bristol so we've been to a few
independent booking up and I don't have
my ticket here what I'm going to do is
go back to one of those three book shop
place it in one of my favorite escapist
books maybe I'll give you a hint
later as to what book it is but I think
you guys might be able to guess and then
anyone who watches this from Bristol can
go find it and get your own little
escape alright guys like a lovely cream
tea at the tea
we'll see room here in Bristol I hid the
ticket earlier I also popped into the
museum for a bit but I want to film
America's museums are weird about that
obviously all right police month heading
back on station now
Bristol cleared because it feels like
three different cities at once you have
some old areas in some newer areas and
they're all loosely connected it mixes
the old and new in a very different way
than say like Edinburgh really stark
contrast here it fades in and out of old
and new I don't know how to explain it
but it's really impressed okay I thought
slightly more about what I think I'm
saying about the flowing in and out is
that you can feel every decade here if
you can feel all the countries in
decades at the city center oh my god
and just like that it is the end of my
day here at work so I'm sorry to anyone
who came here looking for like a step by
step what you should do while you're in
Bristol video or something I when I go
to the city for just again typically to
live to do you know we just kind of go
in and out of stuff hang out wander
messages I had a really wonderful day
I hit my ticket I'll give you a little
sneak peek cut actors kind of big sneak
peek because no matter you know what
look at it is right here it's in an
indie bookstore here in Brazil so one of
you guys can go out and find it if you
live in Brazil and attended to just
relax on the train and start editing
this video actually probably thank you
to Great Western Railways for partnering
with me on this video hope you guys
enjoyed it and I hope you'll all go find
some magical tickets to get you at the
city for a day because I had a really
lovely day you all right let me know in
the comments if you've ever been to
Bristol or if I have encouraged you to
want to check it out if you want any
more information about the hashtag
immerse yourself feel going on right now
through a Rasta mail check it out down
below use Great Western Railway trains
because they're awesome and they give
really good discount cause you guys have
a great week this whole video is like an
audio nightmare for right well
