hello everybody welcome back to our
house it's been a while since I've
logged some of you may know if you've
been following my Instagram or my
Twitter that we have been away on a
family holiday for a week in Greece it
was so lovely I had the most amazing
time it was really relaxing but I have
to say is really really nice to be back
although we have yet to unpack which I
think rhymed I got up at 6 a.m. this
morning it was still dark outside and in
fact I'm not gonna lie it was 550 it was
550 and my phone was dead so I plugged
my phone in waited for it to turn on and
check so it was 550 and I thought ah do
I try and go back to sleep or do I just
do I wake up I did say to you I'm
getting up because I didn't want you to
wake up and be like where the hell is
she gone it was really over I was like
wide awake because obviously in Mykonos
they're two hours ahead so we've been
waking up at like 8:00 9:00 which UK
time was like six seven and I think I'm
still like used to that it's not read
jetlag it's just I don't know I'm used
to different time zone now which I'm not
actually gonna complain about because I
did get up this morning at 6 a.m. and I
came downstairs and I tidied all the
kitchen turned on the heating cuz it was
freezing and started the day early and
now it's like what's the time
ten past nine and me and help me on both
up I'm ready for the day like showered
than everything oh how much do you love
it though this is so good we should go
on holiday if I ever start waking up
late or going to bed really late in the
night can you just book me like it's
just a two-day holiday yeah and I tell
you my hotel everything just two days so
it skips my time zone that Dubai do you
remember we were waiting for hours
earlier it was Dubai was like nuts
you're waking every like 5:00 a.m. like
right let's start the day then so it's a
beautiful day
it's actually Saturday it's the day
before Alfie's birthday I'll probably
make this into a two day vlog so this
will be the Alpha birthday o'clock it's
really funny because everyone always
says you never do anything for alfea's
birthday
people don't understand Alfie does not
like birthday know your own birthday
it's not that I don't like getting older
they want to get an older it's gonna
sound Greece because my job is kind of
won back saying I just don't like
attention on me I I could have a hundred
percent about so that I hope he does not
like when you so our fees so Alfie would
never speak to me again if I took him to
a restaurant surprised in front of loads
of people and then everyone sang happy
birthday to hit that Alfie is the worst
thing anyone could do to him
but then if you put me on a stage an
awesome yeah it makes me know everything
you do any job it's when people over
there for you like it's like it's almost
like for me and there's no expectation
because if I can fulfill like it's like
they were there to listen to me do at
all it's like you're doing something
giving them what they want
yeah and for me a birthday present and
they give it to me in their life
open it and I'm like oh my god the
pressure to like it because they're
there it's so like you might you may
have noticed last year we all gave out
for the presence and the vlogs like cut
off because I feels like I can't open
these on vlog like after you film
everything in your life is like I know
but I just can't like you doesn't even
like opening presents in front of me let
alone if I have a camera front of my
hand
yeah so we do have lovely times on
alfea's birthday guys
amount of times I was out from laying
mom's be not even in love the present
she's building like this sorry to do
this Steve I am so happy with the
presents employees yeah
yeah Alfie's birthday weekend okay and
it's not okay why are we playing golf
Alfie because the things that I like to
do you must spare time for fun odd
things often that the family like to do
for example then bowling it going so
much better this year all these weird
things of you you have yet no you have
by basically I like all the weird
hobbies like go-kart involved in
trampoline so childish like so it was a
little punch restaurant your birthday I
knew you wouldn't want it like that guys
learn to the driving range you learnt
they golf whose idea was this it was
actually my idea I was like I know what
you would want to do play goal and then
we're gonna go for a lovely roast it's
gonna be really really nice I'm really
excited I felt my hair's got very blonde
I we talked about until just now I have
this dress actually excuse the back and
if you take your jacket slightly down
turn around I said like imagine that bit
wasn't there said ah we got into a
Victorian wedding yeah that's a bad
thing I do I've made one medieval
comment and you think I don't like it I
do like yeah
it's very like rock we've got him you're
the video that we filmed when we're on
holidays like this is a bikini and
wearing this is that I'm dead now you're
wearing like leather jacket and black
and did I buy you that yeah I did
oh you don't wear the one I bought you I
was with you when you bought that this
is from Zara and then these boots are
actually from H&M I used to absolutely
hate hmmm shoes and they really stepped
up this autumn and then these little
glasses which and then I have a lip
color on which is a color pop one and
I'll tell you it when I know it will go
into town now if you can hear crackling
fire by the way it's not a crackling
fire it's this candle no it sounds like
there's like a flame in so I'm taking
that block all my autumn candles I was
like right we're back up holiday it's
officially autumn now the sun's come out
so well jinxed it we brought the Sun
back and you Missy moo I see you tell
you who I see I Daniel I missed you
she's been so cute haven't you he's
sitting in the Sun he gets a little
bitter
walking down poo Avenue
honestly why not them bigger than your
foot but it definitely was bigger than
mine the whole reason for coming into
town this morning was because I needed
to get Alfie's wrapping paper
but somehow Alfie's with me so you're
just gonna have to not look at your
wrapping paper but I know you can go in
the shop without me I'll go into another
shop I need to get some two microphones
for a new project I'm working on
I thought you just bought two
microphones you know why I need oh yeah
that's true
no I can always get the image on the
same boat whilst you go get mark yeah
okay let's do that
and then I think we're gonna grab
breakfast because I had a little
something but I'm quite hungry but you
know why I'm quite hungry because I
think now would be like lunch no it's
four minutes past 10:00 I'm gonna go
into Oliver bonus because they do the
best wrapping paper ever being on Odin
so Cena bet he now wants me to go in
here well we can cross green man this is
so exciting
breakfast has arrived we decided to
share some pancakes and also got like
full English's like we're never gonna
eat there they had to bring up like
another table because
this is a small table business
Oh
you always order down these stairs
liquid-cooled bills is right but it's
all how to redesign well there's no less
section this is a shop good yak we just
walked past I've never seen it before
it's for yan
it's a yarn and knitting specialist
that's you know what I'm gonna say
that's me oh you're on holiday
come on I'm still walking this is funny
throwing on holiday oh god I literally
can't walk when we were on holiday I
discovered that Alfie used to knit not
when he was little when he was a
teenager he would sit and knit I mean I
think it's quite endearing it's quite
cute it made me like think you know what
he's got so many skills
he's a man of many talents what and I
think Oh some mint outside this purse
also has amazing horses this is alby's
interests you know we were looking I'm
not walking like that I'm not walking
like that
that's a Larry why are you telling you
oh my god Simon Says inshallah we have
some coffee I'm gonna and show me your
feet could be anything could be me speak
and it could be anything okay repeat
after me I'm in so much pain I don't
even look that saucy it doesn't even
look like there's nothin bloody they
even making it where does it hurt there
Oh buddy take these off no no that's not
how you take them off you take them off
there it's time to wrap Alfie's presents
so the wrapping paper that I went for
was this one which is like navy with a
little like party popper streamers on it
and I've got a couple of other ones how
can I take this off with one hand there
we go I got this one with like stars and
moons and I've got two of those and then
I got this one which is like a blue
paint splat so those are my present
wrapping options and then I got this one
I have been keeping the presence hidden
in here find these dressing-gowns this
is like my secret stash of presents so I
need to wrap these now but holy crap
they're big aren't they also I've
thought of turned a spare room into a
autumnal backdrop I was getting too
impatient so I put the fairy lights back
up which you may have seen in my last
main channel video and I've got the
little tree here and I've got a few
little Halloweeny pumpkiny
or to me esque items oh I've got ahead
of myself but I like it it's cozy
done NOLA she got really bored when I
was wrapping those these three are the
same which is why they look identical
and then the other four are all five one
two three four five are all different
but to go to each place to get the clue
for the next place which is where the
present will be I haven't written out so
I think I might do in a birthday card so
they'll be a few birthday cards from me
but there are quite a lot I have that I
bike it's like whenever I see a cute
card I always buy it just to give him
randomly so I feel like I might write it
all in individual little happy birthday
cards every time we open this one
there's another clue and then like
another nice message I think I'm gonna
do now is I'm gonna go and get some more
cards Alfie can't hear me it starts off
a card so I'm gonna give him this in the
morning and then in here is the clue to
the first and then attached to each
present is the new clue and then I've
also done a sticky note so I know where
to hide them in the morning because
otherwise I'm gonna get really confused
with the order and that clue leads you
to the very top of the house etc so I've
done that for all of them and in each
card I've done a clue on one side and
then just like a nice little message
from the other side I don't know if he
will let me film him opening the
presents were doing this because as we
were talking about earlier he doesn't
really like that sort of things so that
might be all you see of it until I can
film him afterwards but yeah
it is such a beautiful day today so nice
apart from the dog barking and
everything how have you guys been Oh
found a wet Donuts let me know how
you've been keep me updated what's your
week been like how has going back to
school being or if you've started school
or if you've just got to uni when do you
need to go back I don't know I feel like
this part of the year goes really
quickly now like I remember this time
last year how much I thought oh we've
got ages and yes I'm excited for
Christmas and I know all the things I
want to do and I know all the content I
want to create but I've got so long it's
fine and then thinking shite it's a week
till Christmas like it goes so so quick
this a little bit apparently she was
doing this all week we were gone barking
at the bottom of the garden smell I
bought this from home cents and it's a
smoked pumpkin flavor candle and it has
one of these weird wigs that makes it
sound like the crackling fire this
lipsticks not holding out too well in
fact I appear to have smudged it all
over my face the lipstick I'm wearing to
be fair I haven't touched it up at all
or today it's called
mamacita and it's me I love Sarah - I
love Sarah 2x color pop so that is what
I'm wearing it's gone a little bit
patchy but then darker colors tend to go
a bit patchy and it's also bleeding a
little bit around my lips but target god
oh we still haven't done this oh it's
the one bit of getting back off holiday
I just don't really look forward to if I
want to morning everybody
it is
de and it is Alfie's birthday I can't
believe he's 24
does anyone else just feel like I get
older and alfie doesn't like Alf is just
not aging but I am like I'm gonna be 30
and he's still gonna be like 26 it's
fine whatever we started the morning
with breakfast in bed and then I did the
treasure hunt which went down really
really well Alfie found all the presents
obviously my clues weren't that hard
and where is he actually are you down
here yeah I made a few jumps so good oh
your parents are here
good timing anyway anyway tell her about
your treasure hunt I didn't film it guys
because Alfie filmed it so if you want
to go and see it you can watch his
channel I thought would be a bit
overkill we were both walking around
with both our cameras so I find I find
that so one of those people that find it
incredibly difficult to ankle in also in
this vlog yesterday so yeah it was like
the least invasive chilled little
treasure hunt oh so lovely yeah you're
doing that with us affray brave anyway
the effort you went to July go outside
early on because some of them were like
some of them were in the garage one was
in the garage one was by the trampoline
one was on the trampoline and it was
next to it but what I loved the most was
that the wet battery just died I'm
quickly trying to I think I might take
these off actually here we go
yeah
I'm saying the weather was really nice
this morning it was a like a crisp but
the Sun came out was perfect I'm Andrea
thanks guys
you're very Navy both of you we get with
these presents as well do you like it
haven't seen you in ages
secret cakes have arrived for short and
poppy chat but same for as well oh wow
for me yeah yeah we can have it for
pudding
I'm not even how they either take away
which one the spiky one yeah I like that
one
yes yeah you come with me I want to say
the Frog yeah I didn't like I'm good on
a little plain coffee
he's just laughed he had enough he got
224 and for I don't want to do this no
more
he's gone
sixes about me at your birthday happy
birthday happy happy birthday Lisa I
thought you fell over this sad I was
probably to say where we're going say it
now
let's go into the
to also take gold oh yeah we're going to
take a look back to the driving range I
never been to a driving range
no I crazy I don't think I like where
here are what's wrong so did i right
well this looks really busy and I don't
know what we have to do I think we just
hit the wall I think that's the point so
hopefully we can't be too bad oh we
should that's like the kids one
okay now yeah I don't see it oh well
done baby
don't throw it I'm gonna hurt your back
Oh papi missed it
come on there you got this yeah that was
good just keep your eyes on the ball
I love that you're both sat in a chair
now Shawn you've so nearly got that
turns out I'm not very good at golf
you are good it's your first time behold
your Papa case and then hit that target
target you hit no less hot or you nearly
hit the act of 50 targets I think you
could get really hard and I can't it's
been my hand just really hurt I have
roast has arrived we have a dinner was
delish and now I think the boys are
gonna go and play a game of archery
because happy parents bought a what's it
called a target and a bow and arrow and
extra arrows all the stuff you need and
the girls are gonna play rummy Cub this
is for accept sighs Amanda sorting it
into piles and papi is playing but she's
not here yet as always
I'm singing Irish or basically spent the
last like half an hour cry laughing at
different things you can do and then
rewind on Instagram story if you guys
are following me on my Instagram then go
over and follow me because that's why
you're going over there sometimes we had
poppy made it look like she was just
being like dragged upstairs by nothing
Shawn doing some weird like creepy
things spitting water but if any of you
know anything to do in like normal time
that looks hilarious if you rewind it
please let me know because we're always
messing around with that function on
Instagram story and it's really funny it
makes me laugh but it's difficult to try
and think of things that would look
funny if you reverse them although I
think things that are really normal and
mundane look funny when you try and
reverse them like walking because then
you play it forward
and you look so strange but it's such a
simple thing so let me know well Barbie
food and airman back up your bar so
don't follow
Alfie's Instagram story oh my god you've
not said how birthday to him on Twitter
this is a very good example guys of
sometimes not everything is on Twitter I
was a really nice double chin have you
had the best day all my presents I like
your necklace
papi and Shawn got Alfie a necklace it's
really cool and now we've got lemaise
soundtrack on overall it's a really good
day
Shawn's already like halfway home you
look so much like your brother then in
my camera you look so much like your
brother then yeah this is what you do to
me every day older now where's puppy go
in which puppy
I'm 24 for the road dape trying to fees
none she's already asleep
look at her snores very dark isn't it
wee oh thank you Alfie I just thought
I'd end this vlog don't focus there we
go I just thought I would end the vlog
because we're now in bed it's actually
not even that late it's like 23 minutes
past 9:00 and I've taken off my makeup
well not as already asleep but you can
hear us snoring she's so freaking cute
look
she's like turn the light on listen just
tell me just turn the light off oh okay
sorry BG sorry that's very bright isn't
it right there we go
we're now gonna watch the confession
tapes which is something we've been
watching on Netflix which was Joe's
recommendation it's really really good
have you had a nice day I had the best
day good good I have the best day -
that's so chilled yes really really nice
I really liked the evening - we like
playing games and singing songs and just
like hanging out again I've been up
since 550 oh I'm really tired I'm
surprised you're in bed this is my money
like 20 past nine you won't sleep for a
while yeah but anyway just thought I'd
say good night really hope you enjoyed
this vlog and we'll see you again very
soon thanks for watching
