morning guys so sorry I'm looking pretty
rough right now I don't have any makeup
on and I pluck my eyebrows I have my
coffee right here and then answering
emails and I just put on this a saw
mandarin facial hydrating cream so
pretty good start to the morning
today um I'm just going to be vlogging
bits and pieces and because today I am
doing a little something something that
I feel like it would be hard to vlog um
I definitely want to give you guys a
little room tour um and yeah
I'm just gonna answer some emails get
ready for the day take some photos and
then I won't check back with you guys so
I know some of you might have seen my
Instagram story where I did my makeup
but just in case you didn't um this is
what I usually start off with for my
makeup routine so Armani
um skin defense primer following up with
their silk foundation and then NARS um I
think it's the mattifying concealer is
is
soft matte complete concealer yeah so
and then I just use that on my under eye
circles because lord knows I have those
big time and I'm also breaking out for I
don't even know why but um yeah so I'm
just going to go ahead and do all these
and then I will follow up with you guys
done with makeup yay okay I feel so much
better and oh sorry it just turn down
the music um okay so I also just wanted
to give you guys a reason s and why I
haven't vlogged yet because I feel bad I
don't want you guys to think it's me
like not wanting to because it's totally
not the case um so in May I finished
um why can't I get my house together so
in May I finished my sophomore year of
college so I had finals and everything
like that going on um you know which was
a little bit of a struggle and then once
finals ended I had like a week to chill
um you know see my family do all that
and then I'm in an internship now
because that's required for my school um
so yeah so it was just kind of like one
thing after another and I was still
trying to you know do blogging things
and take photos and um do stuff like
that so it's been a little crazy and
yesterday I had my internship from 8:00
in the morning
- like 7:30 which was a really really
long day for me so in May
I finished my sophomore year of college
so I had finals and everything like that
going on you know which was a little bit
of a struggle and then once finals ended
I had like a week to chill um you know
seeing my family do all that and then
I'm in an internship now because that's
required for my school um so yeah so it
was just kind of like one thing after
another and I was still trying to you
know do blogging things and take photos
and um do stuff like that so it's been a
little crazy and yesterday I had my
internship from 8:00 in the morning to
like 7:30 um which was a really really
long day for me um you know I'm just not
used to that like god bless if if that's
you know in everything day for you guys
I give you so much props or like you
know working retail from 10:00 to 6:00
like I know how rough that is but yeah
so anyway that was just a rough day for
me because I haven't done that in a
really long time so I have today off
which was really nice of them um and yes
I was okay perfect day to vlog and
actually catch up and then tomorrow
Saturday - so I figured it would be
perfect um okay I'm going to what am I
gonna do
oh I'm gonna take some photos of course
you guys I give you so much props or
like you know working retail from 10:00
to 6:00 like I know how rough that is
but yeah so anyway that was just a rough
day for me because I haven't done that
in a really long time so I have today
off which was really nice of them um and
yeah so I was like okay perfect day to
vlog and actually catch up and then
tomorrow Saturday too so I figured it
would be perfect
um okay I'm going to what am I gonna do
oh I'm gonna take some photos of course
okay guys I'm gonna give you a room tour
now um let's start with my desk lamp
thing here from Ikea and then my desk
usually I don't have my laptop on my
desk
it's like tucked away under my bed for
the most part but for real-life purposes
um there it is
okay so we have my perfume tray over
here um with some baby's breath because
it's just my favorite and I feel like
it's just the perfect makeup table
flower if that makes sense
um and then of course this mirror what
you guys have probably seen enough of is
from Etsy and then I have jewelry over
here my makeup brushes and some pens
pencil scissors you know all that and
then in these drawers are my makeup
which yeah
and then this little chair I got because
my author chair literally broke I was
sitting on it one day and it was that
total movie moment where I just fell on
my ass because of my chair um so I got
this from a really random website I'll
try to link it down below because I
can't remember the name of it right now
but yeah so that's there I need to hang
this picture up um you know laziness has
gotten the best of me and then over here
I just have a huge basket of magazines
um my collection is growing more and
more every day I just got this quarter
or port a magazine I need to read and
then I have some pot in over here
randomly um and then big thing I have my
bike which is not in the most ideal
place honestly I still need to finish
building it it's just so hard like I
need to finish this and then for the
most part it's done but that's why
that's just kind of stuck in here
because I literally have like no other
room and then you guys have seen this
shelf before it just has some books and
you know other vintage stuff yeah
nothing too crazy over there and then my
bed which is pushed up against the wall
um and then you know right by the window
I have some cute little succulents over
there they're very happy because they
get to absorb all that sunshine and then
next and table pretty simple right now I
just have that picture which I got I
think it's by the artist or Reeb oh are
Ã¬be
um
I'll tag it below again and then tons of
candles and little Dipity perfume and
just random stuff um kind of an
appropriate photo of um cactus in this
cute little basket I wish I could take
it out of that plastic thing but I'm
pretty sure the dirt would just get
everywhere in here oh so it's just it's
like that for now but if you squint your
eyes a little bit it looks like it's in
the basket and then of course we have my
rack um yeah blow some of my favorite
shoes and stuff um some Chanel books
this carpet is terrible I really don't
even want to show you guys cuz look at
how dirty it is ah I definitely want to
get a new one um just because this white
/ cream color is really not working and
then over here just a little inspiration
corner I have um some notes and stuff
from brands and you know just some
memories some Polaroids yeah and these
two little bags hanging on my door my
mirror and that's it
um so yeah I mean it's basically where I
want it to be kind of I am getting some
furniture pieces I still want to hang
that up and I still just want more like
wall art um so hopefully that will
happen and I definitely want to do like
an official official room tour but I
just want to wait until everything is
you know the way I want it to be
also guys I just posted music to get you
through a chill day on NYC BAM be calm
and I literally put the playlist in the
post which I'm very it's so easy but I'm
like so proud of myself oh yeah it's
just something a little bit different so
if you want to check that out go to NYC
BAM be calm hi guys
so it's a bit later now it's 6:00 I
think oh my god I look so rough okay I
obviously need to touch up my makeup a
little bit but um the big you know thing
I had to do today is done so I am going
to just chill for a little bit because
I'm still like tired literally from
yesterday um but then around 8 o'clock
Adam and I are gonna go out and have a
nice little dinner so I'll probably film
a little bit of that for you guys um and
yeah I hope your day is going well I
wish I had more to like report back on
but because I'm thinking about changing
up my cleanser because like even though
I recently purchased it it's the fresh
soy cleanser and I've heard so many good
things about it but I don't think it's
working for me like I feel like I need
something that's foamy and something
that looks like it's working like
because the soy cleanser is more of a
gel I just feel like it's doing nothing
and I feel like it's not really getting
into my pores so I'm thinking about
switching it up and maybe like buying an
exfoliator or something um but I'm sure
you guys will will see that because I
want to do a little updated skincare
post on my blog for sure because I
haven't done that in forever um also
just in case you guys were wondering um
I'm wearing this necklace from OH
I don't even know how to pronounce it
well like weeow jewelry and this top
from Zara um
jeans from H&M I might change for going
out to dinner I'm not sure I need to
check how warm it's going to be because
it was a beautiful day outside today it
was like 77 degrees so sunny I think
tomorrow is going to be warm too but I
don't think it's going to be as sunny um
but I'll keep you updated on what I'm
gonna wear tonight this isn't really an
update because I'm still wearing the
same shirt but um yeah so I just changed
my jeans out for old these um dark
redone just because I felt like they
were more appropriate for like nighttime
um and then I know my boots when it's
June but it's supposed to get a little
cold so I don't know these are from
Calvin Klein and then my Chloe bag um so
yeah so I'm actually taking the subway
down to Bleecker Street and then I'm
gonna meet Adam um at the restaurant
okay real quick fragrance that I'm going
with tonight is jazz club by replica or
um you know Maison Margiela fragrances
it's so good it's like woody oh and um
kind of masculine but I don't know I
just really really like it
okay I'm actually going to leave now and
this video is so how to focus okay
hello
