hey it's Billy and it's Pat and we've
been working on the backyard we've been
spending this summer
crafting what our backyard is gonna be
but the first thing we had to do was get
rid of the shed I shed by good riddance
nobody will miss you now I guess we just
had to paint that piece of the house I
wasn't painted awesome
I've been all day edging the driveway so
we kind of didn't know that over here we
actually had a cement base we kind of
thought there was but then when we took
the shed off it seemed like it was just
like really pressed down dirt
well I brushed it a broom that I
shoveled I did all of the edging around
it if you look this one is level with
the earth which is good if we were to
get like a hot tub or something get in
there it's progress I'm happy about it I
have this whole space here who knows
what we'll do with it
I'm excited though we're in the backyard
and the day that we've all been waiting
for has arrived the backyard is mostly
cleared the old ugly shed is gone and we
now have a nice little flat cement pad
we rented the roto tiller so we could
turn over it the soil in the backyard
Billy will be operating the machinery I
will be standing here in my greenery
it's green did you get it all right sir
how are we feeling
I'm really nervous I feel like there's a
lot of gears on this thing there are
quite a few gears but I feel like I can
handle I got like the deaf man much here
is that we call sure just learn that on
the youtubes hey gal yeah so I don't
know we're just gonna get it on there
okay
so this is a much different process than
I actually thought it was going to be I
thought it was gonna be a lot harder and
a lot noisier and kind of chaotic but
seems like it's gonna be like a slow go
probably have to pass over the lawn
several times to get it right but you
know it's not bad how is it is it as
hard as you thought it would be yeah
right it's not as intense and just so
you don't think that Billy's doing
everything and I'm looking just cute I'm
using this axe and I am digging up all
of the big roots that the roto tiller
can't get and as you can see my root
pile is doing alright so you know
teamwork
about leopard-print flood because we
flipped over this big teach us to mend
and look update with him with him doing
he's really fat but he gets really long
look at his eye he's a grower not a
shower tell me what are the names okay
scientific name is Bemis Maximus okay
literally biggest slug I knew it it's
Latin for disgusting vulgar animal wait
first of all did you see how fat it was
before now look how long it is now
Rickon shady so cute shady ill ill ill
ill ill ill I put him on a rock around
the dirt put him on the dirt and by the
rock okay oh my god it's really cute oh
bugger City there you go bud there you
go enjoy
well that's get that out of there enjoy
the snail graveyard which is you your
new habitat taking a little break from
digging and tilling to assemble these
garden beds that we bought what what are
they aluminum you know what some kind of
metal no okay these are all metal garden
beds metal garden beds we got three of
them calm metal garden bed calms where
we're not sponsored but thanks these
look great we got three of these ten
foot raised beds that we're gonna kind
of use to edge the driveway we probably
said that before in another clip but for
those of you just watching we're gonna
try to edge out with this and even out
some of the parts of the lawn that are
on upgrade so this might help keep
things from washing away and keep the
drainage going away from the house so
we're building one so that we can see
how it looks before we build the other
ones yep how you feelin I like what it
looks like
kind of nicer than I thought oh I'm
happy about it I think it's a good
purchase nice they're not that hard to
put together either no the metal is a
little sharp so we're just trying to be
cautious but it's really the only thing
other than that's just screwing a bunch
of yeah okay the backyard is in great
shape as you can see we've made a lot of
progress and we installed our planters
we've flattened everything out and just
like magic whenever there's a tricky job
to do my father-in-law bill magically
appears to help us with this job so he
and Billy are putting down the grass
seed in the backyard we're trying to get
it down now because we should have some
rain in the next couple days which is
good because it'll help BC get down into
the dirt and turn into grass right
science is this as exciting down there
as it is up here just kind of looks like
you're making a mess ah oh great okay
there we go look at that grass looking
beautiful it's a lot smaller and bluer
than I thought it would be but I guess
it has to grow or something so
so it's been a week and a half since we
planted the grass so come have some
sprouted happening oh can you see it can
you see it it's slowly coming in got
some rocks to get out of there who cares
just more projects to do exactly but I
think it's looking pretty good I don't
see I'm gonna get a little close I don't
wanna like step on it too much ah so
half the grass you rotten kids oh yeah
that is grass folks that is grass so now
we wait for the grass to grow and we'll
make some more updates for you as soon
as there is something more interesting
than grass growing to share with you
alrighty then bye
it's so cute it looks like Jar Jar Binks
whose side are you on
Mesa Mesa ruin the Star Wars franchise
