hey it's Billy and it's back we've been
doing some fun stuff recently so we
figured we would put them all together
in a little vlog style recap for you
yeah you can see what we've been up to
this summer a little snippet so enjoy
hey Collette hey it's Billy we are at
the air camp right now there's some
summer cabins behind me kind of fun just
to capture a little bit of it and here's
Pat now we're out canoeing on Lake
Sebago I don't have sunglasses so I got
my big hat on really low down but it'll
get burnt in the Sun a beautiful day out
lovely Baker camp today
so we are at Hotel Henry right now we're
in light - they're going to light up the
side of hotel Henry with video
projections and the Buffalo Philharmonic
is going to play this word - yeah this
building is freakin awesome it's really
old it's an old psych ward that's been
renovated into a very fancy okay yeah -
Center uh-huh so we're really excited
there's a ton of people here and that's
so exciting a buffalo
hey we're here in farce Lawn Cemetery
going to Garden Walk here we take a cut
through the park on our way over
okay so we are at remedy house opening
up at this corner on five points in that
neighborhood but they're not fully like
open yet so they have a little kiosk
setup really cute this neighborhood over
here is getting adorable and look
paradise wine we love their wine come on
get out
are you hungry for toast am I never not
shirt is really kind of obsessed with
all the ground cover in there purple one
Hey so we've been biking a lot all day
shirts are off trying to even out this
tan for a gait circle now let's try to
cool off over here I never really come
into this circle but there's so many of
them in Buffalo that I figure like but
they get a point to visit them all this
summer
so here's Kate Circle
what we hope you enjoyed that random
assortment of little videos yes and we
should have some more fun stuff to come
very soon so stay tuned we'll see that
bye bye oh hey we are biking through
Forest Lawn Cemetery right now in a
cemetery because I'm basically going to
die while trying to kill myself right
now
so yeah
