good morning has everybody been so this
is the first week I've spent in UK for
over a month and a half and it has been
so productive I cannot tell you it's
been amazing today's Friday and I
decided that because I've had such a
good week at work and I've got so much
done I'm just gonna have a fun day it's
gonna chill out enjoy some time with
some friends so I've managed to organize
it to go quad bike in with my best mate
which we're gonna do this afternoon so
I'm so excited about that because I love
going out on the quads so much fun and
then this evening I'm gonna be catching
up with Carrie and Lydia after they
finished their day's work in London and
we're gonna be going to proms in the
park so today it's gonna be a fun day
I've also planted up in this video with
weather shockwaves they have two new
products that they've just launched and
they are star Refresh sprays one's a
revival one's a volume and I've been
using them a lot recently and I'm really
impressed with them some of you might
have seen previously I've done a hair
tutorial video using well a shock wave
products so if you do want to see a hair
tutorial video I will leave a link in
the description box for that down below
but we cannot waste any more time
because the day is flying away so I'm
going to grab a coffee go to my morning
run and get ready to go to war bike and
I'm looking forward to it let's do this
so I've just finished off a morning run
which was so refreshing I always say
this every time I go out for a run and I
come home I'm like I wish I started
every single day like that I like to do
it at least once or twice a week but I
should really do it every single day
because it just feels you have so much
energy it's like the nicest feeling ever
but we're showered done my hair got
dressed ready to go quad bike in at
experience the country in MK so it's
gonna be a really really good day so the
first product that I use this morning
was this well a shock wave volume style
and refresh spray and to be honest with
you I kind of felt like that was enough
I didn't really need to go over my hair
again with a hair spray it did just give
it a little extra hold using the hair
spray
but the sort of texture that this gave
me almost made me feel like I didn't
really need to apply so I could
definitely have got away of just using
that this morning the spray it contains
tapioca to help cleanse the hair and it
also has silica in it which is really
going to volumize your hair so when
you're looking for like a lift to start
the day off and more volume within your
hair it's a great product that I've
found to use before using any other
products because it really helps just
lift and keep a fuller lighter look
that's the hair done ready to go out
really looking forward to this afternoon
as always we're running late so we're
going to shoot off and meet other guys
our quads let's go
you
so we've just arrived experience the
country here in MK can't see quads are
over there I'm gonna be gone out a
second hi yeah you're right hello
Malcolm to a hankerchief run today just
getting four
what area is this one is that y'all I
don't see me sorry yes
first comes about sir blue
please
with Maya
haha they are fire
so we've just finished off my biking and
as true British weather would do it
decided to rain so we're completely
soaked which is no fun but we had such a
good time and we probably about half an
hour 45 minutes behind schedule because
we decide to stay on the squads for a
little bit longer then we had planned of
course why wouldn't you so not really
got a lot of time so we're just gonna
like refresh here and then we're gonna
head for a late lunch before this
evening activity so just gonna start
being dressed and into some nice
comfortable dry clothes for lunch and
I'm just gonna sort out this hair so as
you notice we want a helmet completely
messed up it's been really sweaty and
greasy so this is the perfect time to
use the one a shockwave through revival
products which is really great for
getting rid of any residue and any
excess oils that have built up during
that activity so I think it's worth this
now first things first I'm gonna brush
out my hair and try and shape it the
best I can to try and bring my hair back
into its normal shape just brush it out
any of the old product as well it was
left it in from earlier shrunk it myself
like a fresh clean based work
so now finish brushing through my hair
you can see I've got a little bit of
shade back in it which is great but
there's zero control so this is where
I'm going to be using the brute local
spray it's going to get really nice
matte texture and it's going to get me
control to my hair again it's just gonna
coast me through nicely so let's give it
a go I can already feel it working into
my hair every sets in I start to feel
the protective building I'm starting to
get more control where I shape it and
styling so it's as simple as that a hair
from texturized that you cleanse this
really is a very convenient bottle with
small pocket size and take it anywhere
with you and if you ever need a freshen
up then this is one of those hair
products it's gonna get you out of the
mud so very convenient but I'm ready to
go for lunch now as I said earlier run a
little bit later so let's go
money has arrived chicken is that next
scene hurts not happiness
I asked being healthy today on yeah with
the backup kids it's good
so we just finished off having a bite to
eat with the boys and not gonna lie for
like a bit of a food coma but we're
gonna head back now meet the girls but a
minute
whoever's looking pretty good so
promising apart still looking promising
but it has been up and down all day so
we'll see how we get on so just got back
from lunch and come to meet the girls we
have a very very sloppy Lydia
but she's just given us some bad news
she's just told us that promise in the
park has been cancelled which is not
what we wanted to hear because that's
gonna be a nice evening
do you agree yeah so we've just been
having a chat and we have a couple of
options
we can either still go out to a local
pub with the group of friends that we
were gonna go to problems in the park
with or we can stay at home and just
enjoy a snuggly night in with some
champagne or gin in Lydia's case and
that's what we've got other side so
we're gonna see what we want to do and
make a move from there but where we are
I am gutted about prawns in the park
because the sun's out now and now
apparently they've got water in the
bandstand so yeah obviously it was gonna
be like classical music
yeah all of the there was like heavy
rain and then like it's there's more
heavy rain skips scheduled scheduled
scheduled release days and so they were
like it's not really gonna be very nice
it's gonna get all muddy and some
coriander picnic yeah like to put in
your blanket down on damn floor I get it
so yeah bad times day I don't know let's
see we're gonna see you when we've made
a decision
right so we finally made a decision and
the decision was to come to Stoney and
me offerings here for a couple of drinks
the rain has come back let's come back
to stay to agree is absolutely pouring
it down like a little kid you did it
very small down that kind of like is
gonna finish off our day sadly we didn't
get to go to ponds in a part because it
would have been I'm God I would ever go
about it cuz I've done problems before
but we're gonna come and enjoy some
drinks anyway and I think this is a good
time to wrap up the video so I hope
you've enjoyed it and I'd say that the
weather shock waves dry schampoo
texturizing sprays have both done a
fantastic job my hair is still in good
form in my opinion
I've really enjoyed using the products
today and I will continue to use them if
you would like to know any further
information about the weather shortwaves
products of course I'll be leaving them
in the description box below as always
so make sure you go and check those out
and I hope you've enjoyed the video and
we'll be seeing you next Sunday
you
