hi pretty girl ah what are you do give
me enough smile hey Sal how the cats let
me see
let's see there's nitro cane wears tux
tux oh gosh
what's up talks open the door Empire
Kunis a absolutely beautiful hi baby hi
flashy
what's up my man what's up bud Oh Oh mr.
jealous flash got to get in on it you
got to get on it flash get him in get
him in it's the race on whoa there you
go that's Jarvan son weird we have had
we have had reigned for so long the dirt
is like sand leave this run boy run
today's gonna be very very strange I
want to talk with you about some things
that I dread even bring it up because I
already know your response I'm kind of
scared of you right now I'm at least
kind of come down here so I can watch
change nope get some jumps for you guys
ready little man send it nice and easy
get some speed all geez there you go
my nice dude here's my idea guys and I
know that most of you are gonna love it
some of you gonna actually maybe it's
the other way around unless you're gonna
hate it
some are you gonna love it I had this
idea for a while where basically I want
to start creating more episodic vlogs
more not how do I explain this more not
like TV more like you know story base
flogs where we we may take 2-3 days to
film one vlog rather than
so you're trying to tell me to get
straight to the point it's more or less
like a document days that's a great
jacking and focus on you guys right now
cuz I love our Caesar I'm talking about
like longer storyline vlogs where maybe
they take two three date maybe the vlog
is us starting here and we end up in you
know in a camper that goes across the
country and we document all of that
rather than each day I feel like it
would be so much more fun for me
especially me maybe I'm being stingy
here but to create longer bigger more
fun episodes especially on days where
we're just not doing anything here at
our house we literally not doing
anything some days and the only days I'm
really doing nothing or after days that
I have been just pounding and going so
hard whether Britt and I are smile more
non-stop we're vlogging we're doing
other projects and and all these big
things here's my idea it's not gonna
take immediate effect or maybe never I
may never do it but what is your guys's
thoughts on maybe just for a month me
trying to do maybe three episodes a week
instead of seven I would love the
opportunity to attempt bigger Longer
vlogs with story and and you know my
family and travel and whatever is whoo
so I don't know exactly what I'm saying
or what I'm asking from you guys I think
that mentally maybe I just want to start
creating more episodic vlogs rather than
just this is we're not doing anything
today or we're doing something exciting
or I can't show you this I can't show
you that I'd rather just take you guys
on journeys whether it's here at the
house or we're traveling or whatever it
is I'd rather focus on much cooler
content you know when I'm when I'm
vlogging each day or trying to vlog each
day it's really just about making a vlog
for you guys so that there's something
to upload rather than being creative and
making it fun and and having a blast and
just coming off the big projects I think
it's just maybe worn me out a little bit
and I haven't wanted to pick the camera
up as much or just like I've been gone
and the kids are like you've been gone
so much can we just hang out off-camera
and each time I hear that from the kids
or whoever it is it's like yeah of
course I'm gonna film I'm not gonna film
if you guys don't want me to felt like
that of course absolutely but I feel
like if we could bring in like day's
worth of footage and put up maybe two
three videos a week where it's like
bigger longer and more fun I think it'd
be better for everybody including my
family you guys would have much more
content to watch each time so I guess
what I'm saying is keep an open mind to
the idea of maybe you know honestly I'm
not uploading every day as it is like I
upload I try to and I'm doing pretty
good like I miss a day or two every two
weeks but I would love to just try it
you know not permanent maybe maybe I
won't even do it but I would love to try
I think it could be a lot of fun for
everybody including you guys we just be
able to create such bigger pieces bigger
episodes it'd be more like watching an
episode of Roman Atwoods vlogs rather
than just another day and Roman outwits
life so tell me what you guys think you
know I'm just coming to you open-minded
here this is just something I've been
thinking about you to spa asked me with
mud yeah so that's it I'm gonna end it
right there tell me what you guys think
obviously it's you know people including
you and I we always hate change so if I
was to change something on this channel
probably catch a lot of flack for it
maybe rightfully so maybe I would
deserve it but I hope you guys give us
some thought they could be great I think
it'd be fun it also give my family and
I'm more time to create fun and and and
be a family at the same time so tell me
what you guys think about that otherwise
try to keep these vlogs rolling for you
until we make a decision but I don't
know I love YouTube I love being here so
either way we're gonna be here that's
just how we're gonna keep it going you
know what I mean
so thanks for that we try to FaceTime
Brit for you guys so you can see her
today this can be very weird bad short
vlog I don't know it's not bad school
just hanging out yeah
get it get it boy oh oh geez
that's one way to break it in he blew
his body off dude okay ray go back to
the garage all right here we go
I can do burnouts you good oh my gosh
this thing flies I can literally just
take off so buddy what's the what's
going on up here
I suppose what is this Madame's what's
matter
talk to me they're gonna need to put
some overtime in what is this your
weekly and I'm adding I'm adding up the
pain it's just not right it's not maybe
somebody's getting in your drawer I
think I think you're right some he
washed it up so what you want to put in
some overtime this week or what cuz we
can get yeah well if you if you got the
hours off I'll give you the time there's
your culprit right there look at him
sneaky sneaky flash over here you you
must have raccoon in you that's what it
is
crank it up crank it up full speed
crank it up you want you did pretty good
job actually it's cuz it's off its gonna
come out that you wash off that's how
you do it all right buddy
okay let me call Brit so you guys can
say hi
she's hopefully done with this meeting
and on her way back it's too bright out
here can I'll be right back just gotta
go inside real quick what's up oh gosh
it's frozen Oh first I went inside to
talk to you but Kors asleep I don't want
to wake her up my noxious voice
I want you to say hi to all the viewers
before I go how'd it go good yes wait
all right well see really soon I love
you too
bye so guys he's broken up in here that
is glass
yikes that is it for today guys like I
said please please please give this some
thought like some serious thought let's
you know maybe don't just shut it down
immediately I know probably your
instinct is be like no I want daily
vlogs that's what this channel is that's
what you promised us and I understand
that and maybe that's just what it
continues to be but please just think
about it give us some thought maybe we
at least try it we try go ahead donkey
all wait she just just just think about
this all I'm asking like get some
thought and at the end of the day it's
gonna be you know it's really gonna be
about what the kids and Brit and
everybody wants to really do because if
we're excited it's just more for this
right here so I want to keep everybody
excited watch out for glass baby come
here sit with me sit with me
do you love you guys so much please
please give this video some extra love
because it is weird it's different and
that little thumbs up give it a little
little love say we love not we're a
whole life we got such we've been so
blessed to have every single one of
these these viewers right here life's
awesome because of you guys we want to
keep it going and make it just so great
for you guys I feel like maybe I'm
slacking on the vlog stuff that's why I
kind of want to desperately change it
into something great
so that being said we love you we'll see
you soon tomorrow and tomorrow right I
love you guys so much thank you thank
you thank you from the bottom of our
heart you're beautiful
keep your head up stay positives a lot
of crap going on that bring us down so
stay positive keep smiling you're
beautiful
you
