hi welcome to alphabet dating letter B B
for bingo
Bravo betta bungee-jumping Balu and
balloons and today we have come to bar
that's right guys we've come to bath bow
date the letter B yes she gonna look at
bath yes I've heard it's very wet ranter
we're going on an adventure know me
something within three seconds became
with B uh bricks oh good one brother
brother oh we're gonna get this question
farewell Cornwall's 10ft pasty area but
we're not far from formal really but I'm
not sure if I'm gonna get one look you
know like cranky and I'm my body's a
synagogue this pinnacle guy temple
either
hey you wish depends on your religious
beliefs okay
in my short range casinos so nonsense
currently at the pig hotel near boss no
bees no b44 I'll be date let's have a
look
I've not yeah you nutter no there's
nothing flying out anyway we're
currently at the pig hotel near bath
it's absolutely beautiful we've been
there five minutes ten minutes and we
love it already
so the reason why we've chosen to come
to bar throughout be date is because
it's actually Spencer's brother's
girlfriends 30th surprise birthday party
so we thought it'd be a great excuse for
a date bath and so far it's been
brilliant we have surprised her and
we've been at a pub having some drinks
and town and baths and I've come back to
the hotel to get ready for dinner
apparently there is actually a pig here
so we're going to go meet him they call
me the pig whisperer all right all right
was that right yeah he says you stink I
stink
I'm sorry she smells my weight oh come
on mr. piggy
no no we were hanging out me in the pig
would you say you're soul mates what's
always a pig yeah
this here is where we are staying that's
that room over there where I'm pointing
Seb and Gina staying in this room over
here it's so luscious got to check our
pace because we expect some place every
day welcome to our room oh thank you
Chris my crib it's very good
hey yellow in here looks for our log
fire get stuck into all that later
that's so nice we've got a dressing
table here oh my gosh look at that
shower
I cannot wait to use that it's so nice
oh spend oh you're dark and I bet oh my
gosh so I just love it look at it it's
just I love it
this is where we're going to sit later
and have our whiskey
right odo tup ready to go to Gina's
birthday dinner and drinks
it's Monday morning so as you can see we
have some wild deer just to the side of
me and we have to be careful we have to
be quiet because they are trained
killers they'll take your face off in a
heartbeat look at them vicious vicious
scumbags I'm in a tree and there's some
deer and after that a tree and there's
some more deer and I'm in a tree yes
hello son
hello Sam yes sir
you
on our way home now did you have a good
time great time yeah we wanted to go
into bath like city centre now which you
got to see a little bit of yesterday but
not too much but it's not very good
whether I make it raining quite badly
we've got quite long drive so we think
you want to go home but the hotel itself
is lovely lovely wildlife
I love creatures great and small feeling
a bit delicate this morning there
because we had quite a few drinks last
night at dinner and before and so thank
you for getting home early
Alex was sick in this in the nighttime
she was sick everywhere so sick
everywhere second toilet mr. C was you a
cbet
exactly own sick I'm Kate my musicology
Eileen's album I just told you that I
did
lovely weather
no planning we've stopped at a service
station now to get drink
hey feeling tired yeah should we just a
here should go to sleep in the car
sniff it forever yeah I mean where are
we memory services memory memory duty
memory let me know no one lives in
memory services apart from us now and so
that's where Spencer and Alex spent the
rest of their days at memory service
station not really they eventually got
home and forgot to end the video if you
did enjoy it please give it a thumbs up
subscribe if you're new and we'll see
you on the next video bye bye
