good morning everyone I hope you all
really well I'm back with another vlog
and firstly I feel like I need to
apologize for my hair I mean I have to
apologize but I just want to like a
disclaimer it hasn't really worked out I
feel like I look a bit like a dinosaur
but my hair is not clean and normally
this kind of platform to help hide that
a little bit as you can see I have not
made my bed this morning actually too
far a bit lazy when I was making the bed
anyway but that's because me and rich
have a new mattress arriving this
morning and I'm really excited actually
we bought this current mattress on the
day that we got engaged so that was like
when was that August 2000 what August
14th you ever what year like two years
ago two orbits ago and Simba mattress go
and touch and offered to send us a new
mattress and just want to this video so
I gave them a little look up online
because I hadn't heard of them before
and they have really really good reviews
online so I was well up for that and the
mattress is arriving this morning so we
are going to get rid of this old one
well it's not loud but we're going to
try out this new one which is a
completely different type of mattress
the one we already have so I'm excited
to give it a go
it should be arriving soon and I really
hope we can get it into our flat because
it was quite a struggle to get the last
mattress up into our little flat
something I was really interested to try
out is the memory foam aspect of the new
mattress this old on we have is just
like a standard mattress and it's good
but it does take me a while to get to
sleep I'm quite like switched on at
night I'm a night owl so anything that
helped me get sleep faster I am very
proud so I'm hoping that the new kind of
memory foam mattress will be a lot more
comfy it's arrived look genius didn't
even realize it was going to come in a
box this was so easy to get up to our
flap because our old mattress we had to
like get it round cornered and it was
really hard so in fact this comes in a
box oh my god I just realized on
matching I'm matching the Cimber box
rich to help the guy bring it upstairs
and now we can open the box and see
what's inside
I don't understand how a mattress is in
a box I'm intrigued to see how this
works I can't believe I'm matching I
promise that was not planned I didn't
know it's going to be this cut
I think the first thing I'm going to do
is strip our bedding and take off our
current mattress as it's all clear and
then we can unpack thing you want and
put it on the bed I forgot to tell you
the reason we're stripping the bed
because I got some really nice new like
West Elm bedding I want to put on the
new mattress it's all linen and my mom
has always raised about like linen bed
sheets so I'm really excited to put
those on although we haven't ironed them
so they're like really crinkly but I
think they'll kind of smooth out the
more we wash them and use them I think
we're going to give this like a base a
bit of a Hoover whilst we have the
matches up because how often do you do
this and rich is finding the loads of
dust are disgusting Oh guys clean under
your mattresses that is gusting
meanwhile you decide take the whole base
of our bed move it aside one ah oh my
god that's gross okay it's time to roll
this out onto the basis of it comes it's
my little custom look guys it's like
vacuum-pack
so we actually have to leave this map
three to five hours must have been so
packed up it needs to like air and
breathe out a bit and like really kind
of get you set up venal packed up so we
can't put the bedding on yet and wears
you out this afternoon when I come back
I don't know if we're allowed to test
out they're just going to do a quick one
whew this could be life-changing guys I
might become a morning person you know
quite scary getting a new mattress I'm
pretty sure this one you get a hundred
night free trial so if you don't like it
you could send it back and that's like a
good enough time to test it as well I
feel like you need a good like couple of
weeks to see if you like a mattress okay
I really need to go out so this is a
really bad idea guys this is my new baby
it's the Chloe Miley and I love it
let me know if you want me to talk about
it properly in a video I never know I'm
not really a luxury handbag youtube
reviewer but I love it I'm just packing
up my bag because I'm gonna head into
town I'm actually meeting Anna today
which is a nice surprise I don't usually
see her in London on the weekends but
her and her friends are coming up to
London and I'm going to go meet them for
lunch and I think it's gonna be really
nice I'm not going to vlog that much
because they're not all like used to
being on camera and stuff and but I
don't know where we're planning on going
for lunch I haven't had any breakfast I
think I need to get something on the way
I'll bring you guys with me for the rest
of the day from wearing my new Nike
trainers today here they are they're my
Instagram with some pink socks from and
other stories or actually I think either
from H&M gap jeans and a t-shirt from
Urban Outfitters which has swimming on
the back
just got to town it's such a lovely
sunny day today and I am desperately
seeking a connoisseur color on the hunt
can we go get one so that I'm like not
Moody and hangry in front of our friends
apple and raspberry muffin from workshop
coffee which is like my favorite new
thing I'm obsessively it's like like
contrivance cookies and I got orange and
not chocolate one and now I'm going to
head back
go and find rich rich has kindly picked
me up from the station and we have come
back to my parents house they need to
pick up some of my toast they're
actually looking after my sister's kids
so we're going to pop over there
afterwards because I really want to
cuddle with my nephews just going to
quickly open up my post sure you guys
forgetting the interesting oh I'm
actually really excited about it this is
the prior new foundation from Mac and I
look like a massive fan of Mac
foundations that then you one sound
bright our mystery is called the next to
nothing faith color so it's meant to be
love a really lightweight foundation
comes in packaging like this which is
like their other foundation and yes if
you really lightweight I'm going to try
and burn now let's see tyranny is best
applied with a sponge
oh it was really nice and light and
glowy it's actually really really
lightweight I'd be a really nice summer
foundation I can't wait to try that when
I get home you're going to wear that
tomorrow is like a Sunday foundation I'm
pretty sure the last box of stuff it's
my recent skin consultation which I'm
going to do a blog post on I went to see
dr. Stephanie Williams and she analyzed
my skin and then gave you a new skincare
routine so I'll do proper blood pressure
I talked about it but in here is some
gel eye makeup remover show me to even
like dry costume all rounds is really
bad your eye area although I find things
like this just so like messy so I tried
oh no and the lowest assay and failure
XL fifty plus which I have I think this
is a different formula I think she said
this one's more hydrating than the one I
have the lavash chose a reader Moxxi ten
anti wrinkle firming concentrate
intensive off this is that one that
talked about having to you know I'm
going my 30s so lost when they read
irmak are so this is the retinol cream
the skin suit circles redness
neutralizer which told me that my skin
is actually red
the Ã¥land skin tone it hides the
redness the machine picked up the
redness that the human eye can't pick it
up so I thought that was really
interesting you know some other products
as well that I need to get separately
that the Piazza CAFTA as I said I'll do
a blog post looking all about like it
was so interesting we've been drawing on
trying to figure out what the day we
went to a colles there was a kid and now
we've just made a last-minute plan to
see Gemma and Ben and we're going to go
for dinner and have some Italian
actually really excite has some really
weird like days I mean something
identifies whether the matter like is
going help me I know but so I just feel
really like something a half an hour
till dinner so rich is making we go for
a walk in Kenwood that's where you want
to be apparently Sun setting it's
actually not that warmer it's pretty
cold this in here this little garden in
here is where we scattered my grandpa's
ashes pretty sure we're not allowed but
it was a favorite little garden maybe I
should put some vlogs I don't forget
again shovel no one tell anyone okay Wow
look at the sky
what Rio and I shall call okay you're
breaking my hand I've zoomed into you
guys can see this amazing view of London
wow this is Kenwood House someone
actually lived in that once upon a time
you haven't eat so a pasta
just in the shop getting some snacks is
going to go back to German Benz I have
got jaffa cake
it's powdered aluminum I like for our
Roche Gemma is here pregnant and
normally only eat salads that's really
fun that she wants a chocolate no again
it's nice I'm really enjoying Gemma
wanting to eat all the crap but if she
never ever ever eats chocolate and it's
really fun
where else can we get invincibility I've
got in for my tracksuit bottoms and
borrowing on a friend cities because we
are the friendship groups that need to
be in can't be closed to socialize
apparently I've injured my arms so Ben
is making me roll with this ball thing I
very know I'm doing but I thought I'd
entertain myself by reading Gemma's like
baby magazines but I just noticed it
like all the baby the photo shop I'm
pretty sure like that baby's eye is
photoshopped hmm not sure about that one
this one is definitely photoshopped I
just think that's not cool but I'm going
to read baby London this one looks good
we're just heading home and we just
remembered the worst thing we haven't
made the bed as you guys saw earlier we
will end the mattress breathe so when we
get back now it's like quarter past 11
now probably going to get back the light
called 12 and we haven't made the bed ah
I so annoying this is the bedding I got
from West Elm nice linen is a bit
crinkly by since it will get softer I
love the pink blush color use the
pillowcases and I think you've seen
enough of me making the bed for one day
I'm going to stop vlogging now and I
think I'll vlog again tomorrow I didn't
really want a vlog or weekend I feel
like I haven't done enough interesting
stuff today for it to be like a vlog on
its own so I think I'll carry on
vlogging tomorrow so I'll see you them
good morning everyone it's Sunday
morning woo is sunny out there
I just woken up I put my new video live
it's one I did with my sister where we
looked inside her hospital bag lots of
nice comments so far thank you for that
if you haven't seen it I'll link it of
course which I think went out to the gym
early this morning's I've just given him
a call saying I am craving baked beans
and mushrooms on toast I've just woken
up and I really fancy that so I bought
them to get some from the shop I've
obviously just washed my hair
on my skincare and stuff I need to
straighten my hair which means I have
nice clean hair today I'm looking
forward to that rich bought me these
flowers yesterday and they're so pretty
and it makes it like Dragon tulips or
something it's just home and you've got
the mushrooms going no this mug is
neediness number no to yourself and
baked beans in the microwave and his
coffee contraption thing and see mmm
this looks delicious
thank you do my makeup and I'm going to
try out the Mac foundation I told you
guys about yesterday the next to nothing
so let you know why I think go they
really like the foundation I did have to
put two layers on it's very very light
but it's like the perfect Sunday
foundation I'm used to just wearing like
a medium coverage so I did put two
layers on but I think is really nice and
I wouldn't necessarily go to max
foundation so I would definitely
recommend trying out right plan today is
actually we're doing some like non vlog
haul stuff but then I think later I will
flop again because I think I'm seeing
Gemma and Deb's after lunch I'm wearing
my whistles jumper Gucci bag gap jeans
and like shoes rich fun to watch
optional so I've melt with Gemma and Deb
and we come out for tea and some cake I
put a funny song you can't go with your
pajamas general cinnamon one resounding
down oh my god some tea I'm home now and
I spent a really nice afternoon with
Deb's and Gemma and then Gemma came back
here and I just haven't really flogged
much because I think I need to stop
vlogging on weekends and try do more
weekday vlogs because I just want to
chill and chat to my friends and not be
on camera the whole time so I'm sorry if
today hasn't been much of logging and it
was so nice to catch up with my friends
and have like we have like deep chats
the only friends we're all very like
adulting at the moment that we have a
very like intense deep chats and I love
it me and Richard meant to be doing
fajitas to dinner which is now saying he
doesn't run for heaters so not sure what
the plan is but we're gonna it's like 7
o'clock now so we're going to chill out
and we got into my chat exposes we're
going to watch some TV
kind of get ready for a busy week if you
guys didn't see my last video I filmed a
video of my sister about what's in her
hospital bag even if you're not having a
baby for not pregnant loads people said
they just enjoyed seeing me and my
sister talk so go check out that video
if you have it yet I'm also going to
link my three ways to style a leather
skirt video again even if you're not
interested in wearing skirt I just think
it could be an entertaining video I just
watched all the videos and myself boxes
even if it's not stuff that I actually
like want to learn about because it's
entertaining so maybe have a watch you
might enjoy it I'll see you guys in my
next video which is going to be on
Sunday pretty sure it's going to be a
Q&A I'm planning on filming that
tomorrow so I will see you then I
