a few weeks ago Dorset cereals sent us
an email asking if we'd like to hang out
with them a festival in Oxfordshire
Dorset series believed life should be
about taking pleasure in the simple
things in taking it slow and not just a
great breakfast then while we like the
sound of that the last time we actually
went to a festival we left early because
of when it rains let's give out 11:30
keepa bar but we owed it to our inner
hippies to give it another shot and try
to understand the appeal of standing in
the field with members of the public
so with open minds we all jumped in the
car and went to hang out with our major
dorcet cereals and we're so glad we did
anyway on with the show
ah
this is according to the pamphlet the
last Cornbury music festival
the fabulous finale 2004 it was checked
up by a gentleman called it looks like
Hugo who signed it here and in that time
he has had a wet kiss mainly Winehouse
and a funny insult from Robert Plant and
said your festival is very beige this is
a bit of a parent festival I'll be
honest you've got like bloody Bryan
Adams playing tomorrow you can get more
parents√≠ from Bryan Adams
we're not festivals are full of people
who are like taking their little bit too
far nobody hears he shielded too far
trust me
maybe had one glass humor too many Pinot
Grigios maybe an extra falafel is about
the size they push out here I just want
to have fun
young fold-out chairs once you're better
Bryan Adams and remember what it felt
like to be young and free yes
we met a nice go clubbing when I was
young people would think that people
would like form circles around me when I
was dancing and like take like video
little cherub look at this line
excitable he's doing they will be
laughing cheering and I get free entry
to clubs with people coming in to watch
me play boys be honest that's a lot they
stopped doing it they're kind of
exploiting the other
yes
Thank You Mei allegedly thing for that
I'm eating potatoes because potatoes are
vegan now this is hard I won't like was
it hard makes it very low seed first
talk about why exercise doesn't illegal
because I even thought about that myself
a lot and I'd love to say like it's a
100% because I really care about animal
welfare I'd have to say that and if I
was a nicer person that would what would
be the main driver but that's not the
case I just come back from my little
shower expedition in the woods I've got
to say I don't think I ever envisaged
going camping
eight months presents not really
something was like on my list of things
to do before we have this baby but I'm
so glad we're doing it because so far
it's been so much fun it's a high
percentage
there goes into this cocktail of reasons
but I think some of the reasons with
that and some of the other reasons where
the fact is I I'm in a period in my life
now where I feel there's lots of
turbulence in terms of like we're about
to have a baby
we've just moved from London to bar one
feet about to relaunch and a little bit
scared and I don't have control over a
lot of stuff and I feel like this is my
way of having control over something so
I can't deny that being a factor you
have to say to yourself no I have enough
control over myself feeling and I myself
don't think you walk away at the end of
our thinking I do have control over like
my life and what happens in my life and
my decisions I better go and get the
boys go and see what they're doing get
Gracie is little jammies on and now I'm
going to get up really ungracefully so
I'm not quite sure how this is going to
work it's very hard to get up you stay
after me greater mmm
no I just don't watch me up
practically thoughts Oh
you
to dance is not to be going anywhere
when we danced in the ballroom we don't
have a destination in us going round
wrong and it in doing this and executing
a pattern seeing the music are people
that even though stuff points to
anything outside itself we can get the
sense of meaning does one move to eat or
eat and when you look at them from a
certain point of view stones and drains
and water not a natural at that point in
the you don't take them granted there is
where does any of the buttons or any
imagination fabulous piece they are just
playing just pretty good possibility to
that car of people and wave all mimsy
were the borogroves operators and pray
us life is no meaning that its purpose
is no purpose think not yes muscleman is
not just lay off it is not just
flattering father house in it
fascinating complexity a kind of artist
kind of cleanest one of them that we
have found
okay here play the real Jesus yes I'm
regarding advocated oh Jesus I think it
might be married and that is the opening
change mmm
Jared the gobbling things perfect I'm
Radeon I feel a big achieve that's
emerging yeah headaches today and I feel
like - I feel like I let myself down
it's been like you put an elastic fine
but you're pressing like nicotine or
something everyone has a little love but
the company didn't you could see the
chickens that they came from there each
attorney is not the creepy smaller than
Jonathan my name a they're coming
do you want to play in the graveyard
with me wonderful anything that's her
name
let's go playing the grave you like
together yeah you bet you sign you saw
big day as any sheets touch super she
tied Moses leaping out of the guy that I
do that's not made of suffocation King
this is a bit i got motive come on she's
health yeah anyways she goes the
festival because we probably should be
killing any charge ready to be
profitable past it and it's just it not
mental
you know me I always like a beetle or
you go now no it's true
Grayson join see Bryan Adams place right
no it's true you want to play with me
yeah
how accurately sadboys I was
professional shooter for about six years
I mean technically I wasn't but I could
have been through the holes
it's all about focus grated about focus
you can like let them decide your target
your lineup
okay technically I missed that but I
don't really trust
Tony Vick Vick because I you know what
I'm like a Cheeto okay right I'm getting
angry down there nothing Joe click the
Rocky
you want to get a look at get it looked
at a little bit faulty that one get a
look at me get a look at absolute joke
or fast
you had the choice between having my
beard gold the whole time or that cane
ginger would you choose we go oh yeah we
do much mileage engineer the gold pretty
special special it in special car
specialize in like I love it okay and
then like you look magical I'm not sure
that's Olivia Pope often cheers Cheers
I like your face okay in general it's
going to I wish I could have literally
face every day
murder hound dog time okay well I never
thought I was going to effective
maintenance practice I know it's like a
family festival for camping still count
don't I will champagne like if you
suspect me oh you're going to go
glamping April's pregnant I've got a
chap you respect me and coming with a
kit doll it's been like get cuter every
now and again I get these lovely like
glittery flashes of gold you just go
past my my face and it's a little bit
eclectic is blowing off my beard it's
lovely
right so much juice
some people freak out if something of a
phobia about Victor you know dan and my
friend Dan has that entirely had glitter
on him he freaks out and you can get
these young things now you order
somebody this like tube and when it open
it explodes with glitter that scene is
for a glitter bomb yeah you send it to
people with happen if you have glitter
disorders and it makes patient lifts an
early age I might send it to Dan you
know I'm really upset about what's that
Stefan we're not going to have fun to
sleep Bryan Adams company
responsibilities again in a way that
rocking out front I think you may listen
to him the whole way down in the car 6
we start happening yeah I want to say
thanks please guys Dorset cereals yeah
for inviting us photo has come down get
some reading it paved or tutorials if
you guys are in the market for gainful
delicious food Ethan morning before you
kick off your day okay this stuff it
tastes good
and it's got like a nice buff in it
because Yuri poke me in the eye with
that last one you'll be careful with
that Bubba
please forgive me I know not what I do
Konami no you can't great not somebody
else but someone living there maybe a
big troll is in there and he won't get
angry - you gave me a hotel room tape go
away from our tent
kick him in the face
what did I know how feel about that
responded it's good food is brave the
Singam in the bum that's better because
that sounds more JT kicking the face
sounds a bit vicious I love how brave he
is in his own mind big trophy money
look daddy's like this big like monster
cloud in its head right now you're the
Hulk
you're not even Grayson just the Hulk on
you I here am i Gracie here my cat in
Mecca
Captain America oh my hahaha I'm gonna
call you that for us good luck
committing falar come on pinky my face
look really mom thanks I never thought
I'd be smug about being called captain
emphatic that really don't put a saw to
that approach because I wanted to really
horrible pet names in here like creepy
public every color
oh come on sprinkling on pain yeah I'm
still gonna do they hate it in the
comments below can everyone tell us what
there I know you're waving them or
whoever was the worst other maybe that'd
be funny to read yeah anyway oh god I
was when I was 14 I had a boyfriend he's
created what oh we're just coming from
kitchen kitchen identically I know a
vile compromise somebody had a boyfriend
once put a kitchen one color one taken
cool worm cake not funny
Oh
you
