today is definitely one of those days
where I wish that my camera wasn't much
higher quality but it is Monday and I
thought I'd do a little weekly vlog for
you like actually a weekly vlog like
Monday Friday a couple of snippets of my
day and just show you what I got to this
week it should be quite patch one it's
actually the Monday after Lily's hen so
that is why I sound like a sound that's
my look like how I look it was a great
weekend but it featured very little
amounts of sleep so yeah this Monday
morning has been a bit of a tough one
I've got one of those Monday mornings
when it's just like annoying Erin D
adulting things to do it before I kind
of like get on with my day I don't want
to tell you what the time is because
let's just say I did have a bit of a
line I don't normally do that but it was
very much required I didn't get back to
quite late last night and I was in bed
at like 9:00 p.m. and but one of the
first things out to do is all of this
stuff here this is all stuff for summer
haul that you guys would have seen on
Sunday but I want to take a couple of
cutaways and put it on my body
hopefully managing to cover up the bits
but I actually got sunburned this
weekend what full what kind of fool gets
sunburned
I've got like a criss cross on my back
from a sports bra what an idiot
my face is so pale compared to my body I
definitely need to put some Clarins on
this it's basically not going to be the
most exciting day on fire but you know
balance and all that can handle my heart
say that I have never been so not up for
the gym
so like I get the best deal with dinner
I get to make it and then mark this
restaurant I give up I'm better at doing
the dishwasher to be fair he is my
favorite retreated into my spatial
awareness just isn't great this is why
can't park the car Ariza fucking said
chauvelin you profitable thanks getting
better
good morning morning I've been up since
that car five because I just like to
have a bit of time to like back in the
morning I don't like to be rushed
there's a train strike today so getting
up there could be a little bit
problematic
hence what I mean so ridiculously early
but today I'm meeting up with Lilly this
morning we're doing a job one of our
favorite brands and then I'm going to
meet Santa from Santa Van Dyke she's
like my fitness crush girl crush go boss
crush I just absolutely love her and
we're going to work out together I have
never done a proper workout with there
we did a video for active in style I'll
link that down below that was so fun but
that was quite short and snappy this is
going to be like a proper proper workout
which is already snaps happening this
morning to be like Anna I think we
should train glutes and legs and life
okay sounds terrifying but massively up
for it okay great deal out for the day
before I leave I've got on this is Zara
Zara striped top whistles dungarees
because the jeans I wanted to wear in
the wash and this my own makeup
kind of nice jean option and then I'm
wearing the espadrille so I talked about
in my last video these are the ones that
I got from Amazon they're on a sauce as
well they didn't have my size on a sauce
and they're so nice I really like them
they feel very comfortable but I thought
my best advice is just in case
Simon Says face and say hey I'm going to
do like session and I'm gonna die yeah
he's gonna die miss awesome and
everything take no wait listed thank you
so
nice medium crackitus taking about two
and half hours to get home walked home
with my bags
quite a long walk quite painful the type
of leg session and I didn't actually
vlog this but went to Whole Foods never
go to Whole Foods within this blogger
it's just dangerous there's so many
things and of like we try this we tried
this is like all know what happened in
the basket when it was very dangerous
but I look forward to eating all those I
look forward to dinner and I see you had
been there this morning in the shower
and the shower kind of longed to be bit
just came off soaked in my showers so
the poor guy had to just like splash
himself with the taps like kneeling down
in the bath so we need to laugh later on
I just been to the gym and the gym like
facilities aren't that great shower wise
I'm going to put around my parents and
quickly rinse and freshen up got my
towel here with all my toiletries in
ready to go
and then today should be quite a fun one
quite fun packed I've got Lauren coming
to help me she's a fellow blogger and
she's amazing
at photography and videography she's
going to help me film a kitchen tool and
then also he might take a couple
pictures down the beach so you're going
to pack her in go to answer a lot of
emails but I missed yesterday the emails
are piling up
and then oh yeah funny top off the
world's finest morning this just
happened
my lovely fresh things like a body oil
smashed into a million pieces oh
actually don't those other ladies
lookers do it last night I just have one
of those favorites rooms like no I can't
I really gotta film right now every time
I get my period like a week before I
have this really hormonal episode where
I cried absolutely no reason I mean poor
mark the things he has to probably and
last night was that month I feel much
better now although I look horrendously
puffy and I have to film video today
I've got a lot to say actually close to
11:00 already I've had quite a busy
morning I've been into town up and back
a foot washing on I've answered all my
emails I've sorted out some blog posts
I've edited some of this I've signed up
for a new thing for music so hopefully
music isn't as kinky Tonchi as it
normally is but it's been a very busy
week so far I thought I would just share
that with you keep it real you know but
we've actually got some friends coming
around for dinner tomorrow night and
today and off to the games on a party
I'm often that in like an hour or so I'm
going to film sports a video wall and
they're one of my favorite fake town
grounds very excited about that so I'm
going to party then I'm going to come
back tomorrow edit the video extend it
to them do million other things
then our dinner party I thought if I
could possibly do some other prep for it
now that might help I'm going to make
these mint pistachio courgette Polpette
pull Peck tea
it's from this book I chose and what I'm
going to eat it's my birth my friend
veggie something veggie for dinner and
last night you missed it in my life
hormonal episode I'm a somehow make some
sort of caramel brownie might help me
out and actually made a sort of caramel
by properly with the sugar and we froze
it to like set it and there are chunks
foxy - caramel brownie in here I cut it
up into four pieces so there's like four
big pieces for for living tomorrow and
then I cut the rest up into little
pieces
come on to eat then tomorrow I cook
you're like
that was the crackers vlogging out the
party ever
I'm sure you start on a million other
vlogs this is the part that I really
like come back to our room change into
sandals and then I'm going to leave my
camera here cuz we're gonna stop at a
secret light her last night was fun
have you ever seen such pants mugging of
a party but it was such a fun night I
filmed a little get ready with me before
so that'll be going on soon you'll see
that I think like next Friday
we've got bit tipsy and back to the room
to take our shoes off I think you guys
saw that too and then we came back we
came back a little bit earlier than
everybody else because we thought we
wanted from service and so let's like
get in there early and you know get the
room service in there quick and but they
didn't do chips and we were very upset
identity chips or pizza as they really
had a tomato soup and I had to get all
A's and a chocolate pudding and act like
midnight and then we stayed up late
singing Avril Lavigne songs to each
other my first album let go and we were
just so happy that we could remember the
lyrics particularly old songs I'm not
talking like complicated States boy
obviously we know the words those ones
but like random ones on how them that
she never released me and then you were
like how do we stop it because to this
this is not
we had a very fun life I think the food
went down well gently straightly they
were super full that we can be we can
see the moon if we can get close that we
need to but you still can't get me in
the frame I can't little boy thinner you
because know there are some fighter on
me so who had this before
oh let bring it down with you the altri
a beard kick there you go your basil
but thank you so much for watching this
weekly vlog I hope you enjoyed it and
see things go bad
