so little bit and this is last night's
breakfast which would have seen last
night's plug all this is there we go
bogeys thanks Johnny so I tried to be a
great girlfriend it's not steak and
blowjob night but i thought i would try
and treat him to a state and I cooked it
and I did loads of originated rosen
anythin and I've even done peppercorn
sauce and where is he he's not here I'm
in Qatar this is my breakfast Amaka hi
man again hello to the crews and her
later on my favorite people this is
jeanette I'm going to London the night
women's week and look at these they're
like ribbed for pleasure I've got my
knife DVDs on I've just been having
these beautiful flowers and I'm ready
not gonna lie to you guys this is
totally because i had a digestive
biscuit for breakfast hey so now know
what down the translation meet cat and
then jump on the train to go to London
I've got unlike this old jumper Anna top
and then the fabulous leg in I'm also
going to see cat and AJ who you guys
knew I loved them so excited see them a
Natasha so it should be a really fun
fitness event and I think I'm gonna be
home really late so fingers crossed me
battery doesn't die in the bathrooms are
just got smacked event and this top
that's been given to us and ninja I told
you like ninja
there are a lot of us to cut spinning
there's a sexy guy on a bike we have
yoga it's just beyond
there she is mrs. bendy I'm not doing
the yoga class with you cat
and then here
I
how every workout session to end with
and alcohol gorgeous so I think Vicki
films most of it I have got sweat
pouring from every half my body these
guys are like yeah this is how it's
gonna be a late one reinforce whoa
that's good lighting thanks for watching
guys not interactive but that just
happened casual hello Bob the Builder we
are finally leaving look up it yo I have
wash my hair I have put on some makeup
and now we're going to go on film at
tomorrow's video so Sunday's video which
is going to be how to your apps without
doing ab crunches and some one song
workouts just three minutes of work and
then I'm also because while I'm at it I
might still do it can do my lean legs
workout which again is going to be just
a one-song workout so you guys can
literally do it in three minutes and
then we're going to go and look at
Sufism so excited now this is what I
call a bone we're going out go we are
now going out like this he's probably
playing yes I feel like a body thing on
tell me that that doesn't work this is
my outfit guys it's like high-waisted
jeans a grey and then this has got like
a low back Dada and these are my shoes
and there's a very naked and more Mickey
Mouse
sunday the last Sunday of every month on
Chester there is a frenzy convention in
our local park which basically means all
the friends he's have not reached me up
go crazy humph p some of them puke some
of them foam and you let them run nuts
for like an hour and then basically take
Stephen home and it's just dead for the
day I can smell friend geez I'm so
excited perhaps oh my gosh you are so
huge you know beautiful good help oh
come on commander make a man whoo let it
play hello how cute you I felt you
should talk done I even got annihilated
by a lot of dogs you called someone zone
around I can I think you've been gone
like blow blowjob Nana was like doing my
dog like sorry I don't mind it fine is
it special day no English wanting to do
something nice for you and I then the
other day mm-hmm guys if you want the
recipe we're coming back where can they
find the recipe gonna be on french fry
cooking channel and about weakness huh
tuna just said with soy sauce spring
onion chili ginger and it'll go on I
want the tuna now all i can say that i
licked the bowl and it was incredible
edge went to the shop to get some
pressed orange juice yeah a couple of
Kiwis yeah you turn round and say can
you give you some chocolate no but no
yeah boat yeah you said what actually
happened was he went to shop alone he
came back with nine you partying and
chocolate and mark eases and I'm fine no
that's not really what this button you
aren't even gonna be here this week the
last time has happened guys I ate two
packets of biscuits in a day and a half
this is just mean faster by my favorite
things and now Holly I a two packets of
biscuits in a day and a half PA that was
bad our a half actually it's a load men
in frying pan then the big themes in
kidney means any vegetable they have so
peppers spring onion broccoli and I've
got some mushrooms over here I'm gonna
burn that in and then I'm going to add
in chili sauce and literally I now leave
that and am I finish wet tonight at nine
it'll be ready afternoon mmm that's not
complete it doesn't matter cos gonna
cook for a day hey Steve let you lean
impose Monday sigh I know you guys gonna
say and yes it's true I've had this
lunch and lean times before but I
freaking love it and stove does Stephen
did I give you a bath in a tone which
juvies out oh good okay yep I can feel
the wind beneath my fur this is crazy
mum hey mum and wet my penis is wet go
hello Tuesday so Leon's away and I spent
my morning with clients I then had two
gaps so I chose one for weight and then
one for cardio and I nailed it and now
gonna go meet my friend Jeanette she is
starting a blog and I just want to take
some photos know that I'm a pro and then
she's gonna take some photos of me which
oh no i didn't know i had the toyo just
brought home has a squeaky but in it I'm
going to be taking photos of these
leggings which I love their friend and I
cabin and then these trainers which are
psycho knees I'm doing a post all about
the right traders for you so I know it's
something that everybody struggles with
hopefully it'll teach you guys some
things it's so cold are we getting too
wild and time are you ready for this
we're now I look at this successfully on
TLC so I've been convenience you're not
sorry enough because I was really
excited that means Kevin go through yeah
gone into cafe 33 went from healthy too
a circuit and neuter ouzo and potato and
egg basically it's heaven on a plate
with a peppermint and then Jeanette you
help me take the photos and got Lou me
something holding these faster this is
tonight's food and that's tomorrow's
train food so easily done it took seven
minutes output 530am tomorrow so have
made some overnight oh so it's just a
scoop of oats a scoop of chocolate milk
and then I've put in some China seeds I
parents and flaxseed you know you have a
million things like original use
superfood you know it's always good to
add some extra ingredients
to ballet bar in knowledge where I live
and lattice to do I spoke to lately
about trying it so I'm going to agree
glasses and I am really excited and I've
been there going to keep my bus there's
no mean somebody else to keep your bum
so I will let you guys know how it goes
something tells me
ridiculous
