Oh morning guys hello today has been a
productive morning I got a crazy joy
tell you do I show I can't show you I'm
not allowed to show you but i can tell
you i got what shouldn't probably hit it
i got this this morning which is like in
the kind of shower is I'm squeezed you
can't tell it is one of those changeup
to feel it is all of my third book
finished like completely finish so as
you know I've been writing this third
book for blooming ages now and I don't
even know if I've told you much about it
I should probably do that sometime soon
because it's coming out in like march I
think it's coming out the end like the
24th of March that's what I think it is
so I've written all of this book and
right let me put you down let me be
honest with you let me tell you some
stuff right here we go right the way in
which my third book has happened we're
going straight into it in today's vlog
but a minute I've need to show you my
breakfast to my lunch yet so the title
of my third book is called the scrapbook
of my life I came up with this because I
basically wanted to do I don't want to
do like a biography because obviously
I'm only 22 so I've still got a lot of
my life to live yet hopefully and but I
wanted to give people more of an insight
because you guys love these daily vlogs
I wanted to almost create like a daily
blogs from my whole life going back well
then going forward so I came up the idea
to do a scrapbook of my life and it
literally looks like a journal like a
scrapbook it's not like the pointless
book it's not like that kind of thing
it's like a scrapbook of my life so I
literally started I got where is it I
don't know where it is I got a notepad
and I asked my publishers how many pages
the book needed to be and I just wrote
on all of the pages pretending it was
going to be like the finished book the
daily vlog suffered a little bit I
didn't get to do as much in my day for
you guys in these videos because I was
just
at home writing all day or in the office
writing day but the book is done I
finished writing the last page last week
the same day as my driving test I finish
living and now it's all just been
printed what I wrote on two pages like
like a book and I've got to go through
and check that I'm happy with everything
that I've read them because I haven't
read one page back yet I've wrote the
entire book and I haven't even read a
page back should probably do that so
that's today's task is to go through
this the book so far I've got like five
days to go through it make any changes
that i want to make and stuff so I've
seen I've seen like most of it already
that as we're going along we've been
going through it back on it and stuff
and I'm so so happy with it but I miss
arrived this morning eight o'clock and i
haven't yet open air and this is like
well just open it sugar I don't nothing
allowed to do this if my book publishers
are watching it this is already online
there's nothing we can do I'm not going
to ask them allowed to do this or not No
so it's like this do you see it's
printed like this okay you can't see the
pages but that's the that's one liked
the scrapbook of my life happy days and
then obviously all of these is just the
pages that I've written if you're
excited but very let me know in the
comments guys I cannot wait to go
through this later on and check it out
and then let you guys oh my gosh my lab
strip I've got like a mock front cover
in there of the book I don't if I'm
allowed to show you I don't know if I'm
allowed I'm not going to show you today
but it is blooming should I just do it
anyway I feel like I'm going to get in
so much trouble okay wait that I'm going
to get in so much trouble for doing this
guy's why are you encouraging me not
meant to be doing this movement we shown
you this stuff are you ready to see the
front cover of book number three the guy
that doesn't my merchandise designs I
worked with him on the design for this
often when you're doing a book the
publishers do the book we like their
design in the front cover in that for
you I did this with my own designer
because this book I just want it to be
like completely from me like I've
written all the pages of helped design
the front cover I've done yeah this book
this book is basically my life that's
what it is so I wanted it to really
really come from me and I'm nervous to
show you this guy's I'm so happy with it
though you ready this is it so it says
the scrapbook of my life alfie deyes and
then at the bottom there stopped Jen it
says from the number one best-selling
author how mad is that look at this it's
all like bumped in I can't really show
you British like pushed in can you see
that can you see that imagine that
imagine that in a shop on the side the
scrapbook of my life and then down the
side as well has my little can you see
let me try and focus it on there for you
come on there we go to see the little PB
logo yeah I'm so excited I'm so excited
it's going to be sick you can pre-order
it right now I wasn't even planning on
promo in my book this wasn't meant to be
self promo at the beginning of my video
I'm just so excited guys it's gonna be
so sick right if you do want to grab a
copy before I get on with the rest of
the day dawg I'll leave a link down
below where you can pre-order I haven't
even told you guys you can pre-order
yeah I haven't even done anything I
might try and sign a ton of the
pre-orders if I can or something like
that so I don't know I'm gonna do
everything I possibly can to make this
book as awesome as possible for you and
I will try and sign the letter copies or
yeah right let's get on with the day I
am taking off
morning with some porridge I woke up and
I got to the office early enough this
morning to pop into prayer yet some
porridge normally as you know when I go
to prayer I've yet like a sandwich or a
baguette or something today I was up
early enough to get a porridge so I'm
happy I haven't even eaten it yet or
even got even more cheap little pot of
honey to go with it even got a little
pot funny and of course gotta lotta as
well and i'm just about to edit down
here on my laptop about to edit the
daily vlog so yeah it's an exciting day
morgan is on his way to the office now
it's going to help me others from gaming
videos and sort out a pc with me and
stuff I'm gonna call some gaming videos
I'm going to go through all of my book
I've just planned last night I planned
my new main channel video for this
sunday I will speak to you in a little
bit I'm such a good mood have had a
coffee I woke up early and women showed
you this even though I may not be
allowed i hope i don't get in too much
trouble the daily vlog is our this
camera is so I'm going to let you order
a new one in a second Morgan is working
away trying to get this screen capture
basically when you were called gaming
videos obviously have to like record the
screen so that you guys can see what's
happening in the game I'm the worst with
pc so Morgan's helping me out do it
helping me out do it helping me do it
and it's complicated I'm literally no
idea what's happening with that we've
download you know the games that we want
to play loads of good games the games
though it was soo but it generally
recording the games
I still haven't decided whether it is a
good idea or not that I've told you
about the book but I've kind of just
figured out that I know I should have
caught some management or I should have
called the book publishers to at least
ask but if I show you at first without
telling them then you're going to know
and there's nothing they can do about it
so fingers crossed everything goes okay
and you guys are allowed to know I'm now
just off walking up to town because
Morgan is helping me out with some like
gaming stuff and I've only got one mouse
and the imac knees mouse and the pc
needs mouse so the moment we're having
to share taking turns I'm gonna go and
buy new mouse hey there's another funky
bass check that one out that's cool it's
better than that one Morgan probably
should have helped me out with this bet
and then i'm working on a good mouse and
which one is in there's like 20
different options just got home guys I
want to see my doggy so that Zoe
uploaded a video you probably saw it
yesterday on Twitter of nala claim of
little Hedgehog toy she was so cute I
missed her so much today say Oh
confident blue and choosing their no do
do go on get in there there we go hello
hello hey sleepy baby oh you tired look
I just rest my head on me and even wake
up when you open the door you tired baby
great just resting her head hello you in
there oh goodie asleep lay down
hahaha come on doggie come on good girl
we gonna order some food and watch some
TV hi do I need anything my bag I don't
need didn't think my bad however I still
have not had a chance today to go
through the book stuff so the plan for
tonight is to order the most delicious
take away in the world whilst watching
TV on the sofa with Zoey and then after
I've eaten and it's let me close with
the blinds then after I've eaten I need
to go through all of my book and make
sure its bloom an amazing for you guys
foods here right let's sit odd already
the door though and i always order from
different places because why does my top
always a pad when this camera it's not
even purple I don't think it is anyway
let me tell you something your only tiny
you're not going to scare anyone way
you're not a guard dog go down the sofa
normally she just stands there bark in a
way trying to scare the delivery people
Zoe's food is just survived as well be
that Bush guetta thing looks so good
what no I'm where I'm at she lost me so
say it wrong apparently bruschetta
whatever that thing looks so good what
have you been texting Leon a picture on
a happened hello hello Missy negated ah
great one camera focus hello there we go
zoey is tucked up like a burrito
literally so wrapped up and knowledge
licking her feet as usual we finished
having dinner it was absolutely
delicious I just smashed it all and now
it's time I've got a little nice line
i'll show you my nice little prepared
line different sharpies to go through
all of my book and make notes and make
changes and adapt things that I feel
need to be changed
like 75 pages into the book of going
through our my gosh this camera I've
ordered a new camera earlier on guys the
exact same one they're just a new one so
that it's not broken I'm 75 pages into
correct in the book just been going
through with a sharpie alright guys i am
now all tucked up in bed my brother's
this because the light is under we guys
i'm using my phone to light up my face
the time you don't even want to know the
time dorman show you the time should I
show them yeah do you even know the time
yeah we've just put knowledge bed are
you going to consider on this grade it's
215 I've literally been working on my
book I'm like 76 pages in or like going
to the planes going through and like
correct in it and stuff you can hold the
light up for me yeah this isn't look
awful that looks so much better your
arms gonna love chatting in bed I'm very
sleepy open I'm so tired no now you wake
me up um what was i even saying now yeah
I'm 76 pages into like going through and
correcting and dude spelling changes and
word changes and describe this better
and stuff like that for my book I'm
trying to make it it's good for you guys
as possible but I've got so much more of
my book to write by tomorrow I've got a
meeting tomorrow I probably keep on
going on about this meeting i'm so tired
go meeting a ten o'clock and i've
literally got like hundreds more pages
to go through i might but i want to meet
the book bestest bestest best as
possible for you guys for one more thing
for a go to sleep and you guys know that
i don't normally do much don't really do
things like this unless unless i know
that you are going to enjoy it and i
genuinely really like the product and
you probably already know the company
audible if you don't you should do
because they're cool and zoey and i use
their I wouldn't say every night I'd say
good life percentage of nicer and
especially Zoe while she's falling
asleep we always listened
two different books or audible if you
don't already know what it is is I
brother my musings o is for now because
she's got one phone why my phone has
actually got bored well anyways what was
I said yes audible what it is so
basically ball is like audio books so
instead of reading a book it's like
spoken out loud so you can listen to it
wash you're falling asleep on the train
and you don't have to be awake enough to
read the book so sometimes oh and I
listened to them whilst we're just
falling asleep but they go in touch the
other day and they just wanted to get
some of you guys started with like free
book to start you off which is cool so
I'll leave a link on the screen
somewhere where you can just check out
the website go get a free book if you
want and start 30-day free trial but I
just thought I'd let you know what we're
listening to with four chapters in shall
I tell them or shall I make them guess I
was gonna pray that 10 seconds and see
if I can guess okay if I could irish
exit out of every life situation I would
meetings funerals sexual encounters
that's my preference unfortunately his
voice is like the most obvious thing in
the entire was there was no point we
doing that but yeah Tyler Oakley mr.
Tyler Oakley we are currently listen to
yours although zoe has already finished
any less intense Zoe's already listening
to all of that i have yet i have yet i
am yet to finish that so I'm it's
raining seven hours 9 minutes left so
guys you should go check it out go in
the link down below to audible and go
check out binge by Tyler Oakley you guys
I'm sure probably most of you even have
it in physical copy well you know girl
online on tour if you don't want to read
it it's on tour isn't on there yeah
course I genuinely haven't read gallon
I've got a copy under the bed yeah I'm
innocent tonight we listening to Tyler
I'm sorry Tyler I mean can we listen to
both I can listen to yours when we go to
Dublin on the plane yeah oh that's the
best time for me I love listening to
audiobooks on the plane but the pain
journey with guys like an hour long I
still an hour okay yeah we're newest
we've got seven hours 9 minutes left of
tyler oakley's binge to listen I listen
to it all of that audiobook on one drive
till it no you didn't
yes I did no you didn't yes I did that
isn't sane and what I finished it in
lees that night but I finished the whole
book in a day driving that is actually a
good time to listen to it I love
listening yeah I i don't know i just i
think i find audio but it's really like
calming yeah they like those apps you
guys know Zoe and I listened to those
apps and stuff a night time where it's
like relax your body breathe in breathe
out and all of that kind of stuff we
never have this is what I always have
something to listen to yeah we never
sleep with the TV on anyways that's up
to you guys i hope you enjoy if you do
want to like i said i'd like to show you
on the screen min ago it's just
audible.com ford / pointless blog blogs
i leave a link down below let us know
what book you download if you do it yeah
let us know what book and funny good
sleep bed chat swims ugly anyways we'll
catch you tomorrow guys I hope you
enjoyed the video if you're excited
Boober what the hell do you know I've
done for most of the rest of this this
video wha talked about my third book and
now we've just sat embedded talked about
a book and different books for like 10
minutes and audio books this whole vlog
is just about books this is the blank
fun but important read and listen folks
again combined good and just everyone I
got one question I asked members your
bday yeah I said does it count I was
reading a book if you listen to it
what's not only it's not listen it's not
reading it it's listening to a book but
can you say but when they go of you at
this can you say yeah yeah when you said
you well you've not taken you've taken
in the words exactly anyway it's a
different way guys I'll catch you
tomorrow if you're excited for my new
book give the video a big thumbs up to
let me know and I'll catch you tomorrow
good also ordered loads of exciting
stuff earlier from amazon like a new
vlogging camera as this one as you know
you can break in
and a couple of X a little bit so
hopefully they'll arrive tomorrow I can
show you good night
