good morning everybody I'm in New York
before I tell you why I'm in New York
let me show you this view because it is
absolutely stunning so I'm in the wife
hotel in Brooklyn and I've got this big
old window here and I've got blinds
which pull down but you know what I'm
gonna leave them open the entire time
because it is so amazing last night when
I got in it was pitch black and
obviously all the lights are on it just
looks stunning so let me show you Mike
the skyline I've got everything I can
see the Empire State Building I can see
the Chrysler Building I can see he knew
One World Trade building over there in
the corner
and when it's nighttime it looks amazing
so last night I slept with the window
with a blind open because I'm jet-lagged
I woke up that quite early and I saw the
Sun comes up over that way but it's
amazing because it will reflect the
lights of the windows of the buildings
it's just made me very happy anyway the
reason I'm in New York is because why I
sell have launched their new men's
fragrance called why now if you follow
me on Instagram I actually was very
lucky or given the fragrance I was one
of the first people the entire world had
given fragrance and I run a thing on my
Instagram stories where people could
request a sample and that was actually a
real soul but I've got two models so the
people who are watching me on Instagram
stories could request a sample now is
actually available in real life in
August or so I put a link down there and
I've made a mess of the tables once I
got here I hope given a goodie bag with
all sorts of stuff so I had the Instax
camera and somewhere I had to go I've
made a mess of everything I be smoothing
out the way somewhere I have a lot of
Polaroids up I was taking the time the
stars with me but she's kind of here and
it didn't capacity she's come along for
fun while I'm doing you know the cool
stuff and he might have all these little
pony what you took here's the fragrance
itself and here is the packaging it
comes in it's very very nice actually
like I said I've had it for like a month
or two now so I've been kind of using it
quite a lot and it is beautiful and the
concept behind and while I are in New
York is because it's basically about
creative self-made people who follow
their drive and follow their dreams
so I'm the only person here there's
about three Brits well those two Brits
and one Spaniard who lives in London so
all of a Cheshire's here with me and
diego who lives in London and but
there's people from like literary all
over the world so last night we got in
and on the rooftop having a few drinks
like a welcome thing and there's a lot
of people here so I think this videos I
mean those were fun very dynamic and we
do some incredible things we're going on
a helicopter ride and a Dodgers game
like I'm a baseball stuff is gonna be
amazing so I'm looking forward to this
video come along let's hang out and
let's do New York
step one is what I think is gonna be
like a really disgusting workout I'm
here with Jess here Jaime
hello Maya he's the fellow Brit on this
journey and if you know Oliver Jesse
follicle Instagram you'll know that one
is very attractive to super buff so I
said I'm gonna do his work out with him
which yesterday says consists of cardio
chin-ups was it sit-ups yes and what
we're out and push-ups which are my my
weak point a lot of our stuff so yeah we
were walking to the gym and it's gonna
get proper sweaty before all the day
begins
it's a very intense workout honestly
feel a bit sick now and not all of us
like me jog back to the hotel I hate him
really hate it because this is important
what we're talking about today one of
the themes of how this whole thing's
died and how why all his that was
talking about passion I don't know if
you guys and that's the group like I
said there's a lot of us doing this so
what you just saw then I just got a few
seconds was a big talk about one about
there's and mechanics or the fragrance I
was in it was actually really
interesting pretty hard to describe a
fragrance Bertie way they thought the
radiators
it's not like wearing a crisp white
shirt on the beach it's got kind of
quite a classic quite crisp notes but in
underneath this almost like the Sun says
there where a crisp white shirt on the
beach at sunset home or innocence II and
actually now I've said that I can really
clean up anyway the guy who was
presenting here the host the whole thing
was called mark and he hath knees in the
first minute excited talking about it in
like a film weighing about how a story
so um as you know I'm writing a film and
the way of stories told is well yeah
it's pretty good to actually know a bit
background behind it and now be able to
describe the scent in a nice place good
anyway now we're going to some place to
get lunch and actually play with some I
don't mean okay we're gonna place it at
lunch and play with something to do with
the I guess the ethos of the fragrance
it's all about asking why and you know
what what drives you to be creative and
stuff and then I'm getting at the
helicopter so that's cool so now we're
in the fragrance experience part of a
chair doing something with the VR is
going to put on filming
he's still right there mate not a clue
not to click going over here we have
like a gift station or gph I'm not sure
to keep legit basically this properties
taking lots of photos and then they get
sent to us and we can post them
we have like a flatmate all the
accoutrements to make money
there is a nice
and it smells amazing in here though
because it's 70 fragrances around
everyone spraying it smells really fresh
you might not be able to hear me because
we currently on our way to get over to
eat bad boys
so the helicopter Rovers cool hey
whether the Hulk's really where today it
started up this morning it's 27 degrees
now it's still humid but it's been
raining and it's like really heavy and
like gray and stuff anyway
the the heading on is amazing then I had
a quick interview in a car so cameras on
me and without questions meaning that
the empire communal like red and snow in
the cloud and everything very very cool
over this way I'll show
it's big old wine it's like a photo
booth tonight I think the motors which
is a beer that looks yen for this
flashing going on
I'm really regressing my outfit today
everyone so when I went for breakfast
this morning it was bit chillier it was
like 8:30 in the morning so the Sun
hasn't quite you know fully risen and
everything I looked at the weather
forecast miss so does 27 degrees and I
was like no way so I wore this jacket is
actually quite heavy drink
we've just been ages weighing in a
corridor for do I gather the troops when
the people ready here waiting for us
looks so cool on the water and it's like
reading rustic and very New York I'm all
about this this guy here is gonna be our
ride for a little while
we're getting a ferry I don't think is
very far I think basically it's coming
here to this dock and it's gonna take us
to over there with the other boats are
and then we're going to advise for lunch
the Vice magazine other headquarters we
can get lunch there apparently something
to a pizza that's exciting
oh hi everyone only at the Yankee
Stadium so exciting that launched my
first ever baseball game
Kurt's going the journey and now I don't
really know the rules of baseball we
have rounders at home which is from what
I understand a similar concept with a
smaller bat but he's still gonna hit the
board and he pulling around you know
bases and stuff
I'm so excited we've got like a hairy
butt like a special booth where it's
loads and loads of food and I'm going to
buy a laser those of them March I want
to get like a Yankees yeah sports games
type thing and like food everywhere
it comes with people actually making
this food and look at him so honestly
I'm so excited
baseball I think I'm a spared you this
month Oliver I think that to go home
this morning and you've really wanted to
come to this game so glamour Jersey I'm
so ecstatic it's our three Simoni
sporting games paranoid oh here we go
if you can see that me camera but that
has gone far
because him
an ice-cream trolley just arrives and
began ice cream and cookies and stuff
but in like a little hat
he's like the helmet so they wear their
batting but it's a smaller version so
ice cream not for heads
I run everyone here he comes taking his
time as I was ready to basically he
whacked it into the ground over there
morning so I slept for like 11 hours
last night
they've got towards the end of the
baseball game and I couldn't keep my
eyes open cause I've been here now for
like four days I think three next
morning and every night we've been out
we've stayed out loads a.m. and we've
had clients drink and stuff and I just
my body it couldn't handle it anymore
without wood jetlag and everything I'm
just so tired so I was kind of falling
asleep during the bar during the
basically game got back here just like
slit but howlers i've been up for like
two hours now and it's our final day and
we don't have been really really cool
we're going back in another helicopter
but this time it's different because you
get strapped into the helicopter and
kind of hang out the side so you can get
most of cool footage that's a great
photos my brother did it when he was
here a few months ago I said it's like
one of the best things he ever did the
issue is you know I'm talking about how
great the viewers and everything look at
the view today it is very very cloudy
which is mist has come over Manhattan so
you know the other day after to see
everything right into Manhattan now I
can't see anything like earlier it's
getting better cuz earlier I couldn't
even see those glories there - those
trucks I couldn't even see them before
it was just complete whiteout so it is
getting better and it's now like half
eight in the morning when we're going up
and headed up till about eleven ish so
maybe or burner no I don't know either
way cause be on a helicopter and hang on
the side even you can't see anything
cool let's do it
I was bloody incredible I felt that's a
suitable place to end this video
actually because I've been here for like
four or five days now and a lot of
things and this videos gonna be super
long and now we're gonna eat food and go
to the airport so thank you for watching
thanks to my cell to take me out of here
and show me such a great time it's
honestly such a brilliant trick and I'll
see you guys very soon bye
