we only waiting there for the way to
record was Rebecca Triple E look really
fun Oh actually befuddled and anagen I
or excessive very tall her way I'm Kenny
could come to the result I wanted to
have the really nice you must 16 where
we come through the the arrivals going
on over here integrate well as it is
while in eternal life now get any of
that forum and thickness you just walk
straight into the Spanish flavor those
desserts misinformation two together
ruin our they're amazing little girl
yeah like we swam in the burbs for going
we find everything looking our way I'm
so happy we're home yeah we back got my
special treat
look at this oh my god never even heard
this is what football bar erases look at
y'all
no you did not Reverend well thank you
babe
the thought would sit there hardly babe
yeah also is this not the most amazing
counselor everything and your entire
life and also the coziest softest thing
I love it
Rebecca also got me some martini st
rusty it's my favorite drink
she's the best yeah me too
we're gonna happen oh yes I need some
shoes back-end chips this grass looks so
good I could work fish black dogs for
dinner
hey guys we have such a little night
last night we just played dice for ages
although me nights always forget how to
play it because last time I came here
Rebecca rinse got quarters and then we
complete the darks it's quite a complex
game but so much once we played that and
then just kind of some freak loose
pretty late a little bit so um yeah well
cup this morning I'll bright and fresh
and we're going to Chicago today first
off though we're going for brunch at
brunch cafe and oh my god it's like the
best breakfast ever so we're super
excited we're going there I've won us
out to the table I really like it
just this little top with the shorts
going to put on some of my ass with me
you'll really just like total
transparency with you guys because you
know love you all this video is actually
partially in collaboration with posters
of me you and I've been wearing Sergio
right now for last few weeks as a load
of you know because I've seen so many of
you have bots and their pieces which I'm
so pleased by because I'm just like
absolute upset my kind of jewelry to a
tee like delicate beautiful materials
beautiful metal amazingly they wanted to
come as working me to show you a few
more of the pieces so if any time I talk
about them in the
video it's both completely organic apps
in love pieces but also they wanted me
to tell you a bit more about them so I
was extremely happy to be able to
collaborate with them on this actually
swimmin this I've been winners for the
past week and I am obsessed with it you
sort of slide it in like that
and it just fits super cute I've got
this ring but I love just a really sweet
little thin ring I've got this X ring
and it has a guy mantas one side of the
sign is just the metal so I've really
been enjoying wearing it upside down
actually it's just like the the silver
then I have this other diamante ring
that kind of cuts off here and spins
round like stacking it with this one
sits like a a triple thing going on I
also help this one there as well which
is even bigger which can go around look
up I'm on the way up today might wear my
bracelet this is beautiful this is white
white gold sand that's was stunning
since the necklace I showed you the
night that was wearing with that
gorgeous dress I don't need to wear like
today click one quite fit but obsessed
with that it's so strange
they want to leave that that actually
display these pieces to fit and rings on
the bracelet so today I'm obviously all
links will be down below don't look at
this nail and very embarrassed by it
right now yes it's time to go for
breakfast now for brunch cafe yes on the
other side so this is the best breakfast
menu that possibly is I'm going to go
exact or what I had last time which is
this no bacon
you very much slavery pancakes cream and
cheese filling and as collaborative and
vanilla glee club slavery and this looks
like brunch heaven yum yum yum yum yum
spray dance this is filled with green
wood vanilla yogurt no no no no so for
one night staying at the Radisson
tonight
he's quite pleased hey we're just been
Han over 12 so I can't now and loving
everything low 31
I don't need any more make up some new
fresh things I may be getting closer to
horrible mentality cool Oh big time I
found some awesome thing you've picked
up from old doggies absolute logical if
you like travel safety so whether we are
just in coach and let's just say I found
this jumper I love it
how cute is this I hope it is about way
around on camera see I love it like
flopped material she's so cute and it
sure looks like something would pick up
from another like gift shop that's I
quite liked about it I might really need
it for 300 pound jump I really need it
but it is so cute they came in two sacks
and I found these shoes
hello Chanel sneaker inside round there
and like plasticy cool and then these
just come in today upon in fact these
Chanel so if you can so you can kind of
see the better in then like glittery oh
my god Oh realism with this outfit too
oh my goodness I'm so tired it was so
much walking
I got ya all the Sephora bit since I
can't love shoes and I got Nooh nicely
nice red hoodie yes we might give it the
whole result you guys and now it is not
your husband in the house injectable
some amaretto cranberry got some
pretzels and cheese we deserve this
after such a hard day of shopping and
peppermint really just get into our area
and look at these letters these look at
this in here got a big bathtub so
definitely having a bath this is really
long and clean and super tidy and lovely
massive bed it's just really nice really
easy so it's erupting blue Sona just in
a central Chicago go balcony as well
wraparound balcony corner
what service views is parade through
skylight 40 minutes now is freshen up
for some dinner and we're going to a
restaurant called Club lucky to think
which meant to be a bit of a 1920s but
the speakeasy vibe I think yes the
depression up get ready quick refresh
its have a shower got ourselves a bit
more do not cook and helpfulness of
Italian now so I'm just wearing my Tommy
Hilfiger jacket this cute little bit
faster on you show you here
cute little places so cute look at the
arms are like super free that I just got
my stress free east-west back on which I
think you've coming really soon I'm
wearing my chubby - of course
and I'm also wearing my ostrich menu the
ring and my ear cuff my other airings of
things are got like queers go now
diamonds this is a nice little addition
to it yeah can I do a half for these
with your quiet man what about the enemy
because you are so excited places over
remember to power and what I made with
corn and other observers very marasmus
matter oh yes
that will look somewhat good this place
was smooth cool here in the Chicago area
it's like 10-15 minutes out of main
Chicago super cool but when still
delicious time food funny guy whoa what
name should I go today Wow I love loving
Berlin Towton can make renounce actually
going to the gym finally going back to
the gym I really needed the like cardio
sessions I think there might be little
our car here just kind of feel like
happening to their I feel a bit groggy
and awful summer go do that and then
we'll just see where the day takes I
guess I'm not wearing mascara today I
cannot be bothered I am hard to wearing
my new Hoodie though like glittery year
since I own a hoodie but they wanted one
and the weather has been crazy like
crazy what am i certain anything these
are slightly larger one work it's less
yeah my I feel like it's really pretty
too this a little bit bigger
you're so like Rebecca's gonna be
wondering where we are sorry we that is
about 20 minutes on road okay really now
I'm going out the bed and call Armani
see you soon sure one of the races all
right moment yes
to a bullet like Ohio Michigan a
particular young man's dealer Michigan
Avenue and poggio we're really go to on
hold while very sensitive to so if you
can't travel if you like places about
assessments and for here at your fancy
menu is extensive and fucking amazing if
you look like a waffles campaign avocado
all the stuff that was going to have a
bit of food and I'll show up front in
this looks great
or maybe I don't agree I am now jealous
look at mine oh my godness this looks so
good
thank you very much all right you've got
your brownie
that was so it's raining but we made it
to the beam this is the beam of the big
tourist attraction was very very
cost-efficient we're getting some so
genderless I've never met the Train
I can really call
now and I'm so excited oh my god is
going down
Kyoto knows please adjust arrived it's
my favorite pizza in the whole wide
world
oh my god hahahaha my lord oh good my
guys welcome to the household little
Deniz enjoying a little bit here join
you by giving me all you've enjoyed it
it's also a good boy
left over Giordano pizza is not very
well the fact is we all of it is in the
fridge
now I don't even know if I could
actually eat anymore well that is the
best pizza in the what you making just
wasn't a vacation
thank you oh hey babes really thank you
oh okay so me Rebecca went for a little
jog around the block as they get after
all that peeps yesterday we needed a
little bit of a movement today so we
don't Prince a little beverage and we'll
just outside doing a few little moves in
fact just a few the music Danny showed
me from train with Danny from last
Thursday flock you've not seen that
already kitty ah oh ok you can use my
leg of her as a stirrup he's so cute
see tiny oh now I'm gonna go get a
shower and put on some makeup I will
fill my whole video so it'll be my
Chicago haul so I will leave that here
here or here I don't know linked on the
screen
oh okay why is my what you trying to say
are we going on the screen so you can
watch that oh yeah
I'll report back soon so quite a lot of
hours have passed we've had quite
chilled day I did film a video earlier I
filmed my Chicago hogs I figured be nice
to do it whilst in Chicago still tonight
we're going to a little restaurant
called was off your hands
whoo and this is like a dog chain roll
little team bar called Houlihan's
tomorrow we're on our way to New York so
we're set to leave Chicago officer but
excited about but excited about New York
too also I may let you guys know now
because I've just been told by the
virgin team because I'm eating virgin
team when were in New York I've just
been told that from the 15th of July
until the 20th of July so you guys
approved more days yet and you can get
10% off Virgin Holidays to New York so
I'll leave that down below so if I look
down below how to do that I don't make
any money off fairness and Addison I'll
let you guys know just in case any of
you want to go to New York so yes I
could discount code thing down below for
that if you'd like to go anyway aren't
you dinner beautiful cuz I'm not this
looks so good so I got the avocado with
brass on the whole amazing and then
pineapple rice and mashed potatoes we
could decide on the side but now at
Rebecca's place we're just packing up
and I'm going to get a shower and wash
my hair before tomorrow for New York's
it's all brand spanking new
I suppose I kind of leave it here now
because tomorrow we're going to the
airport
I might make that the start of my next
vlog for New York so I'll leave it here
thank you so much for watching you guys
and see you in the next one bye
