yeah
pleasure justly on party I was that
probably not great I am here in Paris
I've come on a trip with bourgeois and
it's nice to be back been a little while
since I've been to Paris actually I'm
here with Freddie Alec Kate and another
Alex as well we had a really nice
journey up on the Eurostar we like
chatted the hallway and I head to the
video it was very productive and I'm now
in our beautiful hotel room the hotel is
called hotel Bashar mall and it's so
nice we haven't really had a chance to
look around much but we just checked in
and my room is beautiful it's like a
lovely mix between modern and classic
very pretty and very happy to be here
very excited to sleep in this bed so
we're here to learn about bourgeois new
releases they've got loads of new
releases coming throughout the next year
I think we're going to be learning about
four of them on this trip and the main
one is a foundation I'm going to be
talking to you more about the launches
and stuff tomorrow but I just wanted to
say hi and check in we've got about an
hour I think in our rooms and then we're
going to go out for dinner just the UK
Lots it's going to be pretty casual this
is actually a global events as vloggers
from all around the world going to be at
this event tomorrow which is really cool
because I get to meet other beauty
bloggers but tonight just us so we're
going to keep it quite low-key go
somewhere to dinner I'm not sure where
but I'm building up an appetite so that
we know the weather's not looking great
but it will still be lovely it's still
Paris this is a little bed area of the
room there's like a giant mirror here
which is always very much appreciated
and then look at this bathroom
how cool is this tiling I absolutely
love it and it kind of goes round the
back and it all mirrored cupboards and
there's a little toilet in there as well
such a nice room I'm going to head down
to reception to meet everyone else we're
going for dinner at restaurant called
lecompt word is pretty shot which I
don't think I've been to although I
looked it online and kind of recognised
it so I might have been meant to be
really nice apparently they changed the
menu like every time you go so I'm going
to head downstairs and meet everyone
else
dinner was delicious I'm heading to bed
I'll see you guys tomorrow I woke up
bright and early this morning because I
wanted to take some photos in my hotel
room I didn't really think about the
fact that it's still dark here at court
Class eight it's pitch black outside so
that plan didn't really work I'm going
to get on and do my makeup for the day
because we're going to meet downstairs
breakfast in about half an hour so one
of the products that I'm here to learn
about is actually a foundation and I'm
sure you guys know the Bourjois healthy
mix foundation it's been around forever
definitely one of my favorites because
it's very like gooey and light and easy
to wear I've always really liked it but
they've actually we formulated it so
this is the new one the packaging is
slightly different it's still called the
Bourjois healthy mix foundation and
we're going to put it on now for you on
camera so you can see I'm actually
learning about it today I found out a
little bit about it already but today
we're like going around Paris and we
have a little have a little like guy
book and we're basically going around
Paris to learn about all these different
launches I think this foundation is the
one that we're ending on it's not that
difference the original formula this
one's like packed full of vitamins and
it gives you that jewy fresh light skin
it's very radiant boosting so you really
get that glow for me it's like the
perfect weekend foundation but if you
like a light to medium coverage then
it's like an everyday foundation as well
says I make that it's 16-hour wearing so
I could probably test out today if I put
it on now yeah I reckon I'll be wearing
this for 16 hours today so I'm going to
test out the 16 hour where I'd always
apply it for you now on camera and you
can see because I wore this yesterday so
the first part of my vlog I was already
wearing this foundation let's put some
one now I'm just going to pump it onto
my hand and then apply it straight on
the skin I also love the smell of his
foundation the same smell as the old
formula it's very like
pretty fresh so when I applied it
yesterday I did a really thin layer and
then I went on with the second one so it
builds really nicely which I always like
that in foundation because some days you
want a bit more coverage than others I'm
usually really damp sponge just to add
to the doing and can you see how fast it
blends into the skin I like that so
that's pretty much blended in but what
I'll probably do is add a little bit
more in places where I want a bit more
coverage so that whatever I say it's
kind of like a light coverage and if you
want to build it up to medium sometimes
I just take another pump and just add a
bit to the center of my face also
something I noticed which is a bit of a
weird observation is that it's got a
really nice pump you know some
foundations when you pump the product it
just gives you like one massive square
product you can't really control it this
was really easy to control which I
really like in the foundation I didn't
realize I did until I kind of noticed
that with this one by the way guys I am
getting so good at being a morning
person like it was one of my new visions
and I'm much better at waking up in the
morning now there you go that is that
foundation looks like so I like when a
brand like tweaks the formula they
haven't completely changed it's not
going to upset old customers that love
this foundation it's just a slight tweak
to make it a little bit better I think
it's great right I'm going to get on
doing the rest of my makeup I think Kate
coming to my room because she's going to
help me take some photos and then I'm
going to eat lots of pastries because
that's what you're doing you're in front
we're about to head off I just came up
to get my coat and I thought I show you
this little top I got it from Topshop
it's stripy
and I had French on it I'm so French
today and honestly I can't remember what
this says I googled it in the shop for
me feel it wasn't weird oh I can't
remember but it's not actually that
clear anyway so I'm hoping it's not
anything weird
my little stripy top jeans and combos
because we have lots of walking to do
today so I have to be comfy I'm also
wearing a hoodie and a coat
we're heading crossfire location isn't
it like clewd all the way along the road
and in first place we're going is a
master class
while we wait for this planter class
size 52 all the people I'm here on the
trip with garlic without Alec Freddy
okay so we just finished at the
workshops thing we learned about the new
products special foundation the mascara
which you can reapply that some school
really want to try that and some lip
products as well now I think we're
getting any cute little like old cool
cars and drive it to the next location
which I don't know where that it we've
been giving these little clues along the
way figure out where we're going next
alright we're getting in the car
this is what archiver and I told him I
really like it hot I do I want to not
like this he said I could try a lot
it is come off sailor
yeah but fishermen okay perfect eyes
where it is a new bit brokered so trying
basically
oh my god we survived somehow our car
was broken
thanks mother this is messy it was
diesel areas ours only not my keys I was
broken so I'll go die so we're now in
the pinnacle location to put some laws I
think electric nights by me honest up
and there's a fashion designer they
collaborates with and we're going to be
doing some for her and looks like we get
to beginning like very handsome
but we just had lunch and now we're
heading Clinic surprise I have no idea
where we're going right now
you've driven down by the river
I'm fighting concern that we might be
getting on a boat you guys know what I
like on those and often for anyone
so again relief I'm gonna assess the
situation maybe opt out looks like it a
boat but it's a cafe boat okay we're
getting on the boat which isn't going
anywhere this is for the healthy mix
foundation and apparently this new
concealer some excited speakers come in
a tube and now it comes in a one and I
really want to try it so here is a new
foundation I could show you guys this
morning
now I'm going to busy laughs I really
want to try it work you looks like a
mini Foundation
this is the final thing I covet these
flatly we are in the final location of
our scavenger hunt look where we are
wait you klutzy one sec agree here after
I'm going to call it the Paris I because
it looks like the London Eye but it's in
Paris not sure what the official name is
just like a giant merry-go-round and
we're going to get on it how fun
I just got back to my hotel room and
today it was really fun it was busy but
it was fun I haven't got much downtime
actually only be ready in about half an
hour to head out I think tonight we're
going to party and all the bloggers from
all the different countries are going to
be there I don't really know else going
on I'm ready for the party I've
literally just chopped up my makeup
curled my hair and got dressed and I'm
wearing the same outfit I always wear I
like to wear things more than once I
like to really wear clothes but I do
feel like I've worn this one too many
times this is the top from DVF I
actually had a voucher for farfetched
which is why I bought it I wouldn't
normally spend that much on the top this
nexuses farm at Brown called by Alana it
was a gift from Clinique for my birthday
this blazer from Topshop Steve seems
actually new because they're the Jamie
jeans that they've got they've got
little tassels here can you see film
that really badly and my Topshop boots
I know I've worn this outfit too many
times I'm sick of it you guys must be
sick of it I haven't go any evening
clothes I just don't know what to wear
I'm actually gonna film a video with my
friend Debs
she is great she's pretty much like a
stylist even though she doesn't do that
as a full-time job at the moment I think
we're going to analyse my wardrobe
figure out some key pieces that I need
and then go out shop buy some stuff and
I'm hopefully going to film the whole
thing although I feel like a lot of
things can we go on a sauce and
obviously have to work with us to arrive
so maybe I'll get her to pick a few
things for me on a sauce beforehand when
they arrive we'll film the video
something like that I think I'll be
really cool because I need some evening
clothes got these lights terribly
unflattering I need an evening coat
evening clothes I don't know I have like
really smart dresses for like award
ceremonies but I really hate wearing
dresses for I have jeans I've got a
theme between this is a finale
poor pretty tired from busy day anyway
so don't think it'd be a late night
don't do dizzy the subtly I can show you
where are we gonna do deceive it up
means a trip to the stars I can show you
reading upset it's like an amazing
apartment something up test using on
kind of like an illustrator doing - all
right with me a bedroom this is so cool
yeah
is this he rented a on one three hands
like this whole area here
and then found that
this is amazing there's a beauty room in
here oh my god wait where's the bottom
right you're gonna cool fun give us a
tutorial video this is where the
illustrations are happening right my
time for portray the Stars I can show
you look this is my drawing from my name
wrong but that's okay as you look better
like that we're now heading back for
room I'm leaving early tomorrow morning
so I'm the best day everyone is the last
time you will be in my clothes
bye I'm back in my hotel room and oh it
was such a fun party actually it was in
such a cool like apartment party space
kind of thing it was really cool I want
to say that I'm actually had you know a
bit earlier tomorrow morning I'm getting
I'm leaving here at 8:00 the others were
leaving at 10:00 because I have a full
day of meetings tomorrow and I just
needed to get loads of stuff done so I
wanted to get back a bit earlier it'll
be sad not to be on the train with
everyone you'll go and suck so well it
was such a nice group actually it's
really nice to get closer with some of
the other girls they didn't know as well
I'm going to link everyone below who was
in this vlog so you can go check them
out on Instagram or YouTube or wherever
and I think I'm going to actually leave
the vlog here I'm going to FaceTime rich
now to catch up with him and there's not
much to show you in the morning I'm
skidding on a Eurostar and heading home
so I really hope you guys enjoyed this
vlog don't forget to expand the
description box below because it's going
to loads of details in there like places
I went products I spoke about people who
are in the video all the good stuff for
you ask questions check in there because
it's likely the answer will be in a
description box if you've enjoyed coming
to Paris with me check out my recent
video which I am going to link here and
subscribe to my channel if you haven't
yet please if you'd like to you don't
have to I don't mind but if you want to
you can buy
