how's it going everyone over in LA I'm
here dudes from work in LA and I'm in
hot tub and I was like one or film hot
tub QA well the first comment is get out
ahh okay all right Oh see you later guys
what's your favorite I slowly it's quite
uh oh um off the bat twister which was
used to lick the light yeah doesn't go
ice cream around it yeah will you ever
come to Manila I would love to come to
minute so if I keep like moving back
because I'm slipping back I would love
to come to Manila one day when that day
is I do not know manila in the
philippines I hear you who is your
favorite superhero favorite superhero I
think Batman I think Batman's such a
light just all round the edge I don't
think anyone could beat Batman did you
enjoy the sidemen much i loved the cyber
match playing in it was intense like
playing a full 90 minute football game
is quite intense but the areas i didn't
enjoy it is because of my injury my
groin injury you guys know hurt my groin
getting on a boat it was a little bit
injured before the game but I was fine i
play through anyway and now I've torn my
god i have legit got a tear in my groin
yeah that's not great but the aim was
great and it's all for a great cause and
hopefully they'll do loads more in the
future and of school loads more goals
it's the hot tub hot honestly I was like
yeah this looks really good to get in
you gotta remember the weather in la's I
mean you can see it sunny it's what time
is it five five five o'clock so I'm
quite hot yeah why 103 Fahrenheit I
don't know what that means in Celsius
that's good set answers what
temperatures the hot sauce all 12 and
one double whammy baby will you do a
house tour there will be a house tour
you may have already seen it by now you
may have not are you getting into
tattoos soon it's so of what oh this is
such a hog roast answer so you guys are
follow me on Twitter will know that I
have tweeted a lot about tattoo and how
much I want one and I'm gonna get almost
maine la that is very much what i want
to do however I'm not 100% on what I
want
I know what I want to base it around and
don't want to share over yet because
it's like I'd wait till I get it to then
share it and it's quite personal so it's
based on that but I haven't come up with
like a proper design and such so the
government had tattoo artist in LA i've
messaged me saying hey you want to like
get together and we can chat about and
see what we come up with which i might
do that because that might give me some
better ideas but i really want one just
don't know if it's gonna happen right
right now in LA so don't wanna rush it
you shouldn't rush tattoo do you see
yourself ever doing a third rap video oh
now doesn't that lead on nicely yes
short answer what I'm not going to
sharing with you but could potentially
be working on something for the future
where is the most exotic place you'd
like to visit I don't know if this
counts as exotic but is Hawaii exotic
yeah yeah yeah I don't realize how
sweaty I think I'm becoming I'm getting
very hot and my head's itching because
you know and you're like hot and itching
and I can't touch my hair because I
calling it chlorine on my hair chalk
little gummy bears you're very hot
chocolate a favorite thing about summer
my favorite thing about summer is gonna
lead on it essentially the Sun hope you
us but the reason is because the Sun
mate everyone's so happy and then seeing
everyone else like happy and hanging out
with friends and have bobby's that then
makes me happy so I don't know it just
puts everyone in a good mood I feel you
like cheese boards I'm not a cheese
lover myself personally so no you will
never find me in a restaurant ordering
the cheese would you rather be trapped
in a mansion for a psychopath or in a
fun house full of killer klowns the wait
why I mean I'm gonna die either way
right I think that's a cincture you're
gonna die I think I'd rather die from
from clowns because
a slight path you can tell there's like
like that's scary seeing us like I've
trying to kill you I would imagine just
clowns it would be like uh-huh there's a
clown oh whoops got a knife in the neck
I'm very hot now guys very children oh
yeah how do you like high school musical
ja I've never seen it never seen I know
the song watch it with Diane we saw in
how many times do you dab in a day
honest Eric I'm five I think you've
already dug play for one favorite day of
the week Marcus monday we know probably
friday because everyone again is in that
like friday feeling it's that we can but
actually note you know what saturday is
because it's like you have your whole
weekend you have your day of fun and
then at the end of that you're like yes
I've still got some day as well unless
you work on something which i use do you
rather get a sharp pain in your side
each time someone says your name or have
a bell sound each time you are aroused
definitely about imagine that every time
someone says your name right say my name
ah so in your eyes I think meaning or is
just like a cheeky ding so I day like
what's up oh yeah oh that whole thing Oh
be quite awkward though like if you're
on a date with someone and you're like
wow they're really hot I noticed SAT
there like ding ding ding ding ding see
the sweat building on my face yeah
literally if you could change your name
what would it be not Justin Bieber you
know our CEO really not an AMV I really
like an empathy i always said I've named
my kids do it is FYI there's another
question answer yeah you would you like
to be cast as you in a movie of your
life you know what in terms of like
similes a bit older but like similar age
although it looks nothing like me but i
think is an incredible actor miles
teller I think he's an unbelievable
actor I'd say I like Zac Efron because
help on school so and I might think a
little bit that's why I tell myself
every day now Jackie yeah my phone's wet
from your sweat forehead yeah yeah full
on yeah this is a workout I look so hot
literally so it's been alien abducted
you what would you say to it give me
some water take the other hot tub it is
a bad idea this is a such a good idea
here's a tip don't ever think oh yeah
you know what today degrees Celsius I
know let's get a hot tub also I'm just
realized how weird my arm looks am sorry
you guys no elbows favorite cheat meal
Oh burger and chips favorite emails like
proper burger and chips I rarely go for
it but when I do go for it okay love now
I'm so hot oh yeah I'm literally
dripping um I hope you enjoyed this
video give it thumbs up for how I am and
I receive another video all right love
you guys bye
