good morning everybody's a blob day so
I'm actually running late and I've seen
it in all my videos but I am this
morning I usually wake up at 6:30 right
and master my dog who's down there
trying upstairs that's when she usually
bark which woke me up this morning she
barks at 5:30 really annoying so I went
downstairs disorientated I sorted her
out you know to grow our business and
stuff and then I thought wait it's
really early so in fact a bed for an
hour and that's really ruin my life and
now I'm sort of not really awake so
there's a gym in throughout ten minutes
you can put protein shake and then go I
usually it was just me and Josh I filmed
some of my sessions you see what I'm
octave I'll do it fast this morning I'm
not sure what class if it just text me
last night thing it's a new class
there's lots of people in the rooms I
won't film it I'm sure that other people
won't want to be on camera when they're
looking all sweaty
I don't mind personally other people are
only more back to me so yeah quit
protein shakes and then I'm going to
head out well that was ranked the one
that was we had a power of three-minute
intervals with no three minutes is quite
a long time for instance with no
relation no there were 90 second
intervals but you did two at each
station to basically three minutes
between exercises and no risk whatsoever
is absolutely disgusting I am sweaty as
you can see so we do things like if
we're on the spin bike program foods
that you do minimum half standing up
like really high resistance need a
mirror house printing a low-resistance
and you move onto the treadmill do a
similar thing then you do things like
weights like squat jumps up basically it
was just just horrendous but good way to
start the morning I need a shower now
and eat all the food in the world
because that was like full-on also I
forgot to threes I saw no me in the gym
- she basically in my gym you've seen it
before but there's like the area where
the classes are and outside that area
there's like the yoga spot and to get
from one fear the effort through so you
wanna go to yoga sorted through the area
I was it was the last of five minutes of
the of the workout and I was dripping I
think I was back on the spin bike for
the second time and her and Joe who her
boyfriend walked past hi oh my god hi
composed is dripping but I actually went
for for a drink when I made the other
night she said I thought that your gym
I really like it there and I'll probably
I've been to you and what I'm expecting
to bump into and I look like this and
one other thing I know you're going to
tell me off for vlogging whilst driving
I'm not driving and part that's why my
seatbelt on why I'm not moving I would
never vlog and drive I just know that
I'm sitting in the car with my camera
out and I'm gonna get loads of comments
can you keep doing that so I'm not doing
that I hadn't got the cars my evening
gear look it's in park trust me me again
I just want to show you how I target at
my parking space look if I go into
reverse to get a reverse camera there's
this Audi behind me here which is like I
literally can't move backwards and in
front of me this is Harley Davidson
McCartney forward Ivor
so I'm stuck what do I do oh yeah come
in the office now and I've eaten enough
shout out actually to try now is quarter
to eleven so I've been up here for a
while just kind of getting things done
written a few emails paid a few bills
that sort of stuff and now Daisy behind
me editing a video well I'm in it now I
am actually doing some writing so as you
know I'm writing a book that's nearly
finished and at the moment I'm kind of
has a downed tools for a while because
then it's gone to my editor the last
time and we now just need to work out
how I have to finish the book basically
how I need to kind of make sure
everything tied up nicely so it's with
him so he'd having a good old look
through and I'll go back through and I
will have a look through myself and
changing them to change you may remember
a couple of weeks ago I wasn't a script
writing course or a screenplay course
and as you know I love film and I've
always really liked the idea of creating
one that never thought I could so and on
of course and now I kind of know a bit
more about it so I'm going to start
writing a film on the course because
it's a whole new language to me I you
know I write quite a lot I write - GQ I
write my book as do other bits and bobs
and but I am NOT like educated in it you
know I mean I didn't do English at
university so it is kind of a new term
that people use quite new to me so I
went on this course where the guys would
roll at McKee who is writing the script
writing allegedly look on a script
doctor you know basically if someone
writes a film and it's goods were not
great to look over it and he'll change
things and make it better but he's got
so many years of experience but
77 years old or something so what'd I
miss bored a call from I loved so much
and I took sixty pages of notes for the
last two weeks I've actually when I've
had a chart been going through my notes
and writing them out because that's
these are my notes here been racking
them out and neater and this lovely
little notebook I bought here to kind of
make it more of a things going my Bibles
I'm going to turn to this come whenever
I am writing something so I'm going to
do now hopefully do the last 15 pages
notes write them all out nicely and then
I have a good long to think about what
my feel about idea what I'm going to be
I had a good long think about kind of
how it all played out and stuff and they
take a long time to write and I'm not
expecting my first one to go anywhere
because people write 10 15 20 before
anyone is even interested so you know I
don't think I'm not gonna be brewing
that at first time either
it'll take a while to get better but I
really want to do it I'm the more the
older I get the more film is important
to me as long as you know I used to do
like lots of premieres and host things
on red carpet and I work a lot with
films on my channel so you know I go on
little trips and film storage I just
love the movies so being able to kind of
have them guys don't want to go to the
wicket so yeah because they're new thing
I do might take a while and imagine it's
going to be years and years and years
before I might actually get to watch
what I do if anyone ever goes watch what
I do but I'm going to do it anyways
because I want to so that's not going to
do right now hey sorry just got my
camera and you've wandered off come back
don't play hard to get come back here oh
okay bye then so I've been sat at my
desk now for hours the time is 10 to 2
I've got the window open it's actually
nice weather for the first time in what
2 week that we had quite a nice weekend
ish otherwise one's been pretty
appalling lately considering it's May
but yeah but windows open in the nice
breathing I've done a little bit
stir-crazy because I've been sat at my
desk ages now and writing me notes
I'm finding it really helpful because
going over again kind of
really am cement knowledge in my head
but soon I've got a photo shoot just so
going to be there too
so I get that then the next time I talk
to you I've got to be there in an hour
and 10 minutes
luckily the studio is just around the
corner from I have like literally like a
four minute walk from my house which I
get so yeah bit more writing then photo
shoot there is what also profile that
man has so I don't know if I'm actually
allowed to talk about what would fit
what we're doing here yet or not we're
getting clarity on that if we're not
that to talk about I'm going to blur out
Joe's t-shirt
who is it Brown warehouse this is my
main place addresses just make it very
straight home from videos we're both
doing this thing and trying to book it
in so we could do it together in fact
we've just sort of being few days after
this oh yeah Joe wanted to get some
plant pots yeah and compost and compost
top and maybe some like pebbles he
didn't quite Kiki about it yet you're
taking the McNally
so maybe Joe does have power in London
that I do so he wants to borrow the
boobs place
so yes gonna get home after this get my
keys and then just being cute little
date so I'm reliably informed I can tell
you what it's all about I am shooting
for Peabody children equated Joe carries
on all the hair and makeup done as you
can see and Motiti on goes over there
then you can see him holding a thing
covering these punky at the moment but
looking great looking really really
great well done Joe
good luck you body look there is yeah I
shopping my own a joke compost so car
park so we've come to actually home base
and I told you being cue but a home base
is closer if you don't have everything
you'll then go to being oh you got
suspension on this guy look at that
alright so Joe is doing a bit of
gardening it's got a lot of complex
lemonade I think I'm gonna need 50
liters that a lot or compost comes in
liters yes it's not a liquid that's a
lot isn't it I don't know mate how many
parts you've got I don't try stuff
multi-purpose almost services oh yeah go
first there EXT cutting posting on your
parking of gas by not opening on the
other they make one pot I'm joking on
base however all Joe you want to a
Buddha or an elephant or pair three
pairs
that's what paired I chose that three
okay I don't have you had that you know
it's likely he wants you hang on you
know come find me are you
he told me to hide and it come about
you're not going to find me are you
crazy got me hiding no he's still
looking a spark using the other going to
comply with it's easy you can load you
upload you and you can fit in we know
it's a good one let's washed up next
Daisy we have the Conn cost down here
then behind it look three massive and
they take countless masters women epic
no plant pot plants are like Ron
Potter's to your call exhaustion
spotters con get candy down here as well
underneath the chairs look heavy stone
yeah crap a light nice real marble like
spent on top of the soil so then it's
really nice and neat Alan Titchmarsh
yeah you give you my trying to look
where he went a broth no not exactly go
salty there we go let's go
alright we got rid of Joe thank God good
riddance
I'm now I'm have got long get home and
then we're going out me Daisy Georgia
mealy and juicy for a team Jim night
we're going bowling
so we're going to drink loads of beer
and gins and stuff eat some great food
and go folding because it's important to
do these things don't work for these
people all the time but we don't have
enough time to actually pond and hang
out that's like what we're doing and
stage Georgia requested to have the
barriers at home again yeah only one
ravenous all say long we need it but we
just got out of an about having no ones
without barriers up no come on you can't
if you want so I think actually all the
girls
- Lucy books have a lot and I'm going to
say I don't want them up but I think
it's going to I came to mind is them I'm
all laugh I went bowling a couple years
ago very longer I was bloody awful I'm
really excited
yeah meeting go ahead home and wash my
hands get rid of Joe plant pot juice oh
no wrong way wrong way okay okay look
good
here we are or Star Lanes is where we're
going
and here's my reflection in the window
that's going to be me that's going to be
you dating I'm hungry and we actually
got here quite early I'm going to order
Sofia tips now and I think then popcorn
squid for now but I think I'm going to
go big because I'm going to cheat today
and I'm going to have bacon cheeseburger
mac and cheese basically a station
cheeseburger with mac and cheese built
into somehow I'm also going to have the
at some point I don't know whether it's
the remember back in so short time later
natural and wait we have two new arrival
to the Apple pub and they've all the
drinks already
we're getting on it George still here
though she's awaiting it's much
different we're West but once you get
here we're going to be well on the way
and I just wait so not sure how this
works well I think under the mac and
cheese is a burger somewhere I hope
super play the prize a little lots of
food on the table
fit all of you like these so delicious
you know baby it has got ultra restless
of normal-sized things that we've got
lately he's been here and Helena Bonham
Carter that we've got an Albert fearsome
some cotton Taylor McCartney job is
caught there Dennis claims Debbie how
old they all of them tied me up sir
taken apart on camera dating polio
there you go with the cycle at one time
I got besides Islanders cause our nine
never night unwitting real ease up
no mo bug in yes all of it right okay
three ladies up baby liquid is not what
hardship always
Oh No greenie good
now Georgia has an interesting technique
she started to attend college and do it
she just went part-time previously they
hold - like that like three of me or I'm
short to get an extra level of like and
realize like attention of them
Georgie K and then she wanted it like a
massive clubs are after nobody ever
heard I got a strike legs there miss
strike 54 points didn't even touch the
barriers either promised oh they're Lucy
over them safe for the entire time jane
says now my final of 95 you're not right
for the terrible three clean out our
game order seven ortiz gonna be all that
good was oh well done well then after a
few whiskey's this is not whiny so I'm
now outside All Star Lanes physical
evening the time is no five past eleven
there's not that late but I had loads of
fun I didn't win bowling I think I was
winning I was coming first and then Lucy
got a strike on her final go so she
ended up wing and really pulled
something alibi familiar was a dark
horse she wasn't really making a big
song and dance every time is Mikey I do
like a little dance to make a big thing
about it
meanie was kind of silent and stealthy
and then came second
did she just was consistently good and
Georgie was bloody awful she came last
and Daisy came second row black the
world amazing yeah time to go home now
and catch some sleep I'm supposed to be
in the gym at 7:30 in the morning and I
just I don't I'm not that drunk for a
few I just don't think I want to get up
in the morning
Tom's going you're supposed to be coming
with me but I might I might send her on
our own we'll see anyway thanks for
watching video hope you enjoyed it if
you did give it a thumbs up and whatever
else you have to do and I will
you really think like
