good morning guys I can be as loud
someone out here we're out and about
exploring the world we're not we're
going off to go grab some lunch just hit
up the gym I'll put in a lil clip now
for you to enjoy good session this
morning I thought I really enjoyed them
who didn't come in slept I invited chose
to come to the gym this morning with me
instead he slept in bed with Nala so
he's out on a photo shoot again today
if the che just slept in bed Ranade this
morning there's a good session that I
thought he was leg day and I was really
gutted because leg day is not my
favorite day but it wasn't it was
actually back today back that you're the
muscle
yeah worked out my back so all feeling
good we're just at the marina in
Brighton which is room coming along now
really is looking out they got five guys
they got Lustig you are now I think over
there
I've never all five guys gave me some
free like food vouchers the other day
could have bought them there at home
then we could went there for free I'm
doing now too late isn't it alright I
think we're heading off to go grab
should have but like kids with my
sunglasses on hey hey buster haha the
plane thing is amazing
perfect can I get anything else then
enough everything thank you so much
what's so sad you know
is there another person Oh give me
, net that source is amazing J's vegan
jeez is so like bunnies - horse is
literally he's are drinking it out of
the base Sun shaking can I poke at ya
we finished up lunch we're now going
bowling although we're doing things a
little bit differently chain I love
bowling as like an actual sport like a
thing not just oh let's go for a game of
bowling and just see what happens it
doesn t matter out the score we love
playing rollin to try and get good
scores and get better so we're going to
try and book like three or four games
now have a lean each I wanna try and get
some curved shots every time I can do
the same shot that's the end there is
literally one guy here no one else he's
probably doing the same thing as us play
against now right I love all of these
and you have all of them we just get a
pic of all the balls and which ones we
want to use so I'm going to try and find
all my favorite weight and size this one
here okay 14 medium this is the guy oh
my gosh look at the scoreboard how happy
that makes me
just one name on each ready
can we talk about the tunes that come on
you I used to love this song yeah
this song back in the day was still one
I'm going to try and Bowl with this hand
and film with this hand with you goal
you ready not too bad as slow as you can
backspin oh and I can act the speediest
ball we can do
virginity takes its dust that big
Tuesday 60 J's got the most phenomenal
score so far he's got two strikes in a
row
come on Jane that's good that's nice
rush your final score prize and 140 140
I am sweating out we've had all four
games oh my gosh i won
Qadir that together no you did get the
higher score yeah I won't really go for
it we weren't trying to get a good score
so we're trying to practice bowling I've
got one ball left right next to the
pocket Jay is on the black if you don't
get this PO I'm so annoyed heading back
up to the car after five games of
bowling one game of Zeppelin or snooker
will tell you the one with the drops and
the stripes and now I'll wait I'm going
to the arcade as well now any master car
I need to dropped a map to the station
heading back to London yo tonight London
a tool Andre catching a bit bro see you
bro see you later
smash your bollocks comfy sins close as
I can to the Rooter so that I get the
best internet toploader blog
it's nearly uploaded but is 32 minutes
late why are you sitting in a dog bed
they can't beat us then closest to the
router I'm sitting here like this
just waiting for a doctor try and get it
done all too quick as I can that's the
route Joe it's working it's nearly ready
null has been naughty girl so you're
having some time out no she was just
getting it she was getting a bit get it
back you what you oh okay we'll let you
out you've been quiet now good girl
wrong you're gonna not bark you can do
that what why God you get out of there
no you do that every day come here what
you doing got it Gil Gil which one
should we give you just want
good girl
no you take treats better now got my
head there something nest on my head
literally I need to get it cut
yeah I'm going on hand now you have you
would like air do you know what
September you know like through that but
you know that tell me that I don't like
you don't believe me don't I don't need
it
oh my god that's actually know if you
funny down my house I'll get it
don't you dead about me but serious
that is how much money could you hold
fishbowl yeah can't do that
how much a man of course of different
million pounds do you wanna give a
written problems 50 quid I'll give you
50 quid monkey picture of my own money
to charity okay common okay I will next
time I take charge about the shot hopper
50,000 and then coming on bed no I don't
have okay give a hundred pounds of
charging holder oh no I don't wanna do I
gotta just keep the money and not hold
that but I'm saying if I don't give you
the money 100 there 100 100 no it's not
me go read your trap it up I might not
do that I can't do that away that is the
most disgusting thing I've ever seen
would you put your finger in the hole no
one put your finger in the hole
No you can do it you're gonna let go
promise you I won't let go
there we go cool you later good bye
watch him go
don't you go as well get out still alive
and I'm going to give that 50 pounds to
charity
next time we go to a shop unless you
like the charity pot on the side this
comes about to run that charge the vlog
is up so I hope you enjoyed yesterday's
vlog again I'm sorry that it was late
I'm sorry that it was delayed I just
spent more time editing today's blog for
some reason wasn't even more footage
I just spent more time editor now I'm
about to head out to the cinema Zoe
still got what
to do she's releasing something exciting
tonight at 6:00 p.m. which was yesterday
for you I'm off to the cinema with my
mum my dad papi is dad actually come in
papi I'm Shawn I got a pack oh and it's
grandma I'll come in I think my grandpa
might even yeah probably invited grandma
and Izzy my cousin are hanging out
tonight pop you invite them both to come
and see the film sausage party which is
an 18 and I've been so excited for this
film for solo you haven't already chat
like the trailer go check it out it is
rude so it isn't 18 I'm warning you but
if it's Bichette Vogons net he like
wrote it it looks so good looks like
this moth to do that tonight join your
dinner I think she loves me bit more now
date here all right younger dinner come
here if you're here dinner come with you
and your dinner go up here for your
dinner up there she's like you're an
idiot guys what dinners in the kitchen
why could I come up here oh there we go
good girl good girl
Zoey said that I have to fill not having
dinner and what you guys would think
that we said it and never gave rest in
us oh no no she looks me good girl good
goodbye technically the film started two
minutes ago there are 20 minutes wait
I'm go my gate open oh I am so late for
this and I'll never leave Eddie we're
dying Jake it I'm always late I need to
sort this out every day
let's go from the last one in scream 5
let me give you a quick review of what
I've thought of that film
it was blooming crazy like it was
absolutely nuts it was so so rude the
end of the film was I don't want to ruin
it now I'm not gonna ruin I'm not going
to say what it was probably one of the
most rudest films I've ever seen and it
was a cartoon like I was sitting next to
my dad then my mum then my cousin then
my cousin's boyfriend then pop in and
Shawn but sit next mom dad and it was so
so so explicit funny though hilarious I
was laughing mum that everyone was
laughing we all we all thought it was
really really good just crazy like so so
crazy I've just pulled over at Tesco
Express gonna gonna jump out and buy
some bread now this my friends is why I
went and bought bread an entire
camembert to myself whilst watching
bake-off I'm gonna have my vlog really
quickly sorry yes fast asleep this room
is like an actual sauna it is so hot in
here kind of in sleep if you've enjoyed
the video give it a big ol thumbs up
please please please remind me to donate
that 50 pounds to charity because I
haven't seen any charity pots today and
I need to do it because I wouldn't hold
that a tea long leg that is knows no way
I could ever hold that your challenge
today is 30 1783 thumbs up you have to
get that exact amount good and blow
smash the thumbs up button subscribe if
you're not already got a super exciting
day planned tomorrow
forgot you good night guys you sharing a
drink
you're literally you've got like a
baby's bottle
