to pneumonia massage massage massage I
know it's meant to be raining today
legitimately rain into their check
yesterday good morning everybody
do good it's raining in half an hour it
says no it's not it's not good
completely blue sky I can't see one
cloud got a coffee then I made this
morning next move over here and I've
also put Ricky Rick and Morty on morning
cartoons my favorite my favorite I
didn't make it properly would you like
it doesn't have its proper flavor oh so
this is a Halloween coffee in a
Halloween mug as well so that's gonna
win what um you know Halloween bedding
looks Halloween is peaches this festive
smells good what flavor is this Jack oh
I made it too strong and I didn't let it
sit properly do you know what I mean
like I didn't do it properly I made it
too strong so you can't taste anything
all you can taste is like burnt no I
think what you did is you push the
plunger no no you didn't let it like I
surely that tastes no because you
plunged all the coffee out of it see so
I mean so basically as you poured the
greens in dissolves all the grains
dissolve in the water but you didn't let
them dissolve you just plunged it
straight away you see what I'm saying
yeah so use like a proper over there oh
then if you can see a coffee plunger I
feel good today I feel like it's a
proper weekend like I feel relaxed I
think it's because yesterday we had
people that you work with people that I
work with but then also six builders I
hate
how Sakic on today I feel like it's like
a house she's been in the middle no no
you like a halfpipe because if I ever
shown you that knowledge got five
nipples on one side and three on the
other instead of four and four this
one's not really a nipple isn't a bit
sorry Missy I'm just showing everyone
your nipples like he won't show mine
there was one vlog a while ago when I
accidentally blogged so easily
there was one vlog when I accidentally
looked through his nipple and I left it
in the video and then I had to go into
the YouTube back-end and blur it that
did happen one time unison good news the
new GoPro came out yesterday Zoey and I
really wanted she look so glum bish we
go and get another dog today should we
go and get a white park today Zoey I
want to do a photo shoot with her in the
leaves what today I don't know if we've
got enough leaves you might have to go
out and fill some bin bags I'll bring
them back to the garden
what from from the local area go on a
walk too just to go and get leaves
there's always been filming a new video
today boss I've been editing upstairs my
vlogs all done and I've come down to
help shoot and there is more outfits
than I could ever imagine to film but
before we shoot I just need to put in a
new set of braces number 10 number 11
Zoe and I about to do a little little
Instagram shoot in the garden
got myself a little prop here good give
it a like it'll be up by now haven't
even taken the picture yet and I'm
already plugin
I'm already plugin we're gonna do it on
our phones in portrait mode it's just
hard to be you know is because we've got
all the fancy camera gear the portrait
mode just so quick and easy isn't it and
then it's
think yeah
should I be walking down me then yeah we
can tell both right they rush do you
wanna do it inside there's all bull what
the big one now even this is too far for
portrait from you now yeah it has to be
within 8 feet ok just about worked here
let me show you that's just a quick off
it blowed like that
we managed to get a couple of Gideon's
to gun so far we've got a couple of Zoe
a couple of nyla by herself a couple of
Nala with me and Zoe now wants runnable
passports bought you on your hand
picking in that yeah that's a good Apple
with us the one look at that one
no I will shoot this way yeah that's a
perfect one okay no one should have to
move this see the effort we go to these
instagrams I'm trying to balance I'm
attempting to balance my vlog camera on
the pumpkin
damnit
alright you need a bench I'll get you a
bench
so he's ended up eating at the actual
Apple is it good they are eating apples
as well and you nearly got hit on the
head with an apple well I need to put
the bench Mac look if Zoe's little
trouser she's wearing I love these these
remind me of the trousers I bought you
in that whole video for your channel
genuine I'd said to you like you and you
wear trousers even like really and now
who's wearing trousers I'm going to pick
up a couple of apples these to pick
which one you want right now you get one
chance do you see this orb ball one of
the holes to the entrance is on the top
if you manage to throw it now we can go
from closer and it goes in there I'll
give a hundred pounds to charity no
little lobster pumpkin look at her who's
going fast yes if you get it in the top
hole I'll give a hundred pound to
whatever charity you want
yeah good bit closer go here
oh right my turn
if I get this then you have to go in
Japan chart it okay that's crazy you
actually did it
okay well you can pick which one oh my
gosh
the only negative that's come from that
is that I had the rotten apple so now
there's going to be rotten apple all
inside the dog bowl but I got it in look
through here you have to get out of it
you rolled the dough ball to fish the
fish the Apple out oh oh oh well I got
it I'm gonna splat the Apple
here we go I'm gonna pop out now you see
your little bat is see you in a bit I'm
gonna go and get myself some food see
you later baby guys I'm trying to be
fairly healthier Nando's
I've got quinoa salads chicken extra
chicken and beer so I didn't get any
chips I love it when it's raining loads
and my paw and my gates stop working the
front gates I have stopped working oh my
gosh I am so lost just letting my mate
max drive his van home be like together
and go and sort out the gates as oh he's
got a Nando's max popped over when we
hung out watching a couple of YouTube
years I introduced max today to dude
perfect
he had never ever seen the YouTube
channel dude perfect before I don't know
how well that is a thing they've got 23
million subscribers than my favourite
YouTube channel and one of my best mates
max has never ever never seen them
before
why is the audio plane of the TV but the
TV is not what's happening now it's the
TV also broken thought the TV had broken
as well as the gates what you saying
Allah I'm that good can we check that
the back doors locked
that was very good man though we hate
inside and then what so he was in the
bath we grabbed her takeaway to bring it
back and I think she's just eating that
bed now come in let's go up get mum I'm
going in that volcano guys if you've
enjoyed the video give it a thumbs up
subscribe down below if you're not
already
