legitly like on dancing in space good
morning everyone today it is Saturday
and I'm so happy it's the weekend I've
had such a busy week that such a good
productive week as well been a good one
but I'm happy the week ends here
especially because me and rich have some
really nice plans this weekend I've got
a few videos I need to film one in
particular where I needed to be in a
hotel so we are actually staying at the
Sanderson hotel which is on Berner
Street in central London I've never
actually stayed there before by being
there and it's absolutely beautiful so
I'm really excited to be staying there
tonight so we're basically going to
spend the afternoon and evening filming
this video I won't tell you what it is
I'll keep it as a surprise it's coming
sometime in February and then we're
going out to dinner at physical cha to
Ma Tei which is Japanese I think your
kind of fusion I've been there once
before and I loved it we actually really
struggle to get into quite a few places
tonight because we left it a bit last
minute so we're going somewhere we've
been before we normally like to try new
places but we know it's really really
nice it's kind of like we're having a
weekend away but in our own City which
I've always wanted to do because I've
never really stayed in a hotel in London
kind of on a weekend with rich it feels
like we can get away but we're driving
there and it's like 20 minutes away this
morning we're meeting up with my friend
Deb and Paul we're going to have a
brunch haven't seen them together for a
while so that we're really nice rich
where are we going it's a place called
the barnyard rich has a list of places
of like restaurant places that he wants
to visit so we're taking that one off
the list I actually don't know anything
about it I haven't looked into it but I
do love brunch so looking forward to
that so I don't know how much I'm going
to ask of love because I'm doing all
these other videos but whenever I'm not
filming those videos I'll vlog
quite a working weekend for me I do not
only film videos on the weekend but it's
also a lovely weekend because we get
stay in this amazing hotel so I haven't
eaten breakfast because we're going to
breakfast
no but hungry maybe I'll have something
small I bought this yesterday because we
never have any chocolate in the house
and I thought I can have a little square
every time I get a craving
dangerous decision but a good one I'm
asking to have these for breakfast is
the leftover from last night third
I'm crazy I love tinned Liedtke and as I
live they lychee I say likey and they
come in it's like really sweet syrup
specially not good for you 18 is all the
time as a kid and I saw them in the
supermarket yesterday and have to get in
oh my god they're so delicious we have
so much stuff as we can because any
people my camera gear and choice which I
can put the tripod in the CK so we're
going to have to like walk into the
hotel with this either going to sing
with porn stars when I roll around with
cameras and things people look at me
like really freaked out because they
can't really see what it is like looks
like a giant big thing but it's a tripod
they're gonna be big be really weird so
you've got like three suitcases one full
of camera stuff I'm also filming a haul
video tomorrow morning so I thought
while I'm in a nice hotel room I might
as I'll utilize it so I've got all my
clothes to film in the whole video
there's a lot of stuff so I'm going to
go pack the car and exciting news guys
if you watch last week's vlog you'd know
that my mum had to lend us her car
because we didn't have one voxel very
kindly lent us a car whilst we still
wait for our new one they've lent us a
box or Adam which is a really cute
little a nifty car is actually really
enjoyed driving it it's very small and
nippy and quite like sporty I'm going to
head downstairs now pack up the car so
I'll show you it because it's cute and
it's red and white so Arsenal fans will
approve okay
let me show you this cute look oh it is
so frosty today
luckily Richard just took this out so
it's kind of warmed up a bit look it had
like races seats makes me feel like a
proper little racing driver this is the
fancy dashboard I feel like this is like
a what's in my car tour but not really
because it's not my car
it's got like this cool screen here and
this is kind of it this is the court or
my dad was definitely approve of the red
and white my gosh
look at this going on here told you it's
cold today
I just had to pop back up to the flap
because I forgot something and I think
we're ready to go we're going to pick up
Debs and pull from their home and we're
going to drive into town and get some
brunch we just dropped off all our cases
at hotel it looks so nice and now we're
going to go to front
much easier my favorite people salsa and
where we going barnyard we're all really
hungry we've got a bit quiet and hangry
Barney aha
well that was disappointing we didn't
like it
careless you weren't impressed oh my god
yes sir Lin's annoying and I just don't
really know why I wasn't impressed I
thought the menu wasn't great the food
is really basic something I could have
cooked myself I'd left a weird taste my
mouth and no beans
no beans on the full English what to do
a female are seriously I was like pretty
much homemade baked beans this way
we've just as and pour it on home and
with a hateful sympathy because I am
desperate for a week and every know
where I was like a we run here Liberty
have my coolant both okay now there was
a massive - for the ladies I don't know
why latest release voids of the few it's
just walk straight in German I'm going
to go have a look at Monica's monitor
Bonita because I have a friend's
birthday coming up and a cool
emotionally nicer time for eyebrows
reading time I'm going to the police
profile and I'm getting a lady Krista
beep sir you always get to be my bro
eyebrows are practically threaded and in
between cheapskate we're in eminence buy
snacks for this afternoon when we're
filming otherwise we don't want to get
room service and I'll be a fortune we
want you to pay and if I wanna find some
young young guys these are the best
things ever
yum-yum we're still a little bit early
to check in but we're going to go to the
Sanderson hotel now I'm able to sit in
the lobby for a bit little bit chilly
today to my hotel I think we have like a
sweet things I'm excited guys I want to
start filming this video while it likes
so I'm going to have to say goodbye to
you for a little bit but quickly I'll
show you the room in fun we've just
walked in it's insane you walk in
there's like this pink yeah so full of
TV and then the bed is like right in the
middle of the room so cool there's like
some random weights here and then in
here is the bathroom
ah so pretty it's so amazing here I'm
going to put this camera away and I'll
be back with you later on we are halfway
through filming
we're having a crudite break got some
M&S celery carrots cucumber peppers and
Herman we've decided to break for a
little drinks richer than the minibar
what's a winder kind of on a gin and
tonic is there gin and tonic yes oh look
at the chocolate right gin tonic they're
probably brown I see your senses it's so
weird being in a hotel but in London I
feel like I'm on holiday it's really
weird
I just got loads of people asked me on
snapchat what makeup I'm wearing but it
will all be linked in this video that is
coming up gin and tonic
good whoa gets strong vlogging whilst
filming a main menu is really hard
apparently I just don't know how I'm
doubling up on content here and what's
going on but I think we finished filming
now will we finish them in that part of
the video and that must be on we're now
going to head to dinner
cha stomata which is sushi I'm so
excited I'm going to stuff my face
you've got about 45 minutes until the
tables going to be ready so we might try
and find a bar on the way
oh no watch thank you uniforms me
there's like watch watch service it's
awkward hello and watch service this is
the most awkward I just experienced
Sorry Sorry
it's a second hole through the magical
person okay this is the lift on legit
look like I'm dancing in space the
hotels like up in Charlotte Street and
the restaurants down in photos basically
walking towards registry and subtitles
are 10 minute apparently we're hotel
hopping we're going to go for a drink at
Soho Hotel before we came after you
proposed me me so we stayed here the day
he proposed that was such a fun day rich
only do again quite never do it again
own it it's good yeah proper mix water
go into my second proposal in here I'm
so high and I have to hold a candle they
up three the menu
iPod for a glass of whispering angel
which is Rosie and great hotel which
always ends up with the most like
feminine pink socks however
suddenly realize what five minutes get
the restaurant so we found aa drink and
our you know who's talked to my 30s is
yellowtail sashimi with like trouble and
all the fine things
this means notices this one is for
tempura with chicken teriyaki
we have demolished these first few
plates we haven't even had a seizure yes
so yummy that I flavors are saying this
almost burger and a chicken teriyaki
burger now is what salmon and avocado
sushi and sashimi we're heading back to
the hotel now
nearly there dinner was so yummy the
food they're delicious but they changed
the music at nine o'clock and put on
like techno and even Richard like really
changed your mood I can't deal with like
repetitive techno music when I'm eating
so that was a shame but it was really
really yummy
do you enjoy dinner yes who's not really
good really good and we didn't over
order we were very sensible the server
side or a cup of tea and a Yong Yong and
I feel good we stink though they had a
bit of a problem with they were like to
hear something and got really smoked
together open the doors so now we
absolutely stink like cooked food
terrific
so I wash my hair in the morning
Richard like look they did turn down I
mean I don't really understand this
whole town down playing in hotels
hi coffee please fuckin it up queer
skins milk please yeah and actually
going through it one English breakfast
tea and okay thank you and one
peppermint thanks she said ah yes let's
ante up the take off these stinky stinky
barbecue smelling clothes against my
crazy PJs and into this bed war we're
going to take our breakfast and hang it
on the door name I will have the smashed
avocado tomato and poached eggs please
what the other side oh man I'm going to
take off my makeup now this is little
collection of skincare things I bought
with me Annie's parents
Clinique and then tonight we use the
element superfood oil all right guys I'm
signing up to tonight I think I'll vlog
again in the morning so I'll see you
then good morning everyone
I just got up and showered and wash my
hair breakfast will be here in about 15
minutes rich they didn't have your weird
seaweed this they just thrown sorry
so you having smoked salmon and
scrambled eggs instead is that Alright
sorry
przemek richness go back to the gym
power how is the dim booty water good
Tim small tonight
I'm going to set my new video live in a
minute and then I'm gonna have my hair
dry and I'm gonna straighten it and then
I'm going to film videos rich gonna do
some work and then we'll check it out I
slept so well the bed is quite hard I
love a hard bed so I slept really well
did you feel oh yeah and all that huge I
forgive you to see you all night because
what you're in the bed it's so big mmm
really I put something on my face you
know you want a shower on your face
feels really tight
breakfast is here I've got avocado on
toast
eggs orange juice and a cup of tea which
got coffee and sambal egg and salmon
which somewhere which transfer grad
table up the hair is dry and frizz up so
I'm gonna go straight in it I don't need
film that really boring and then I'll
come back to you guys hair done I'm now
going to do my makeup and then setup to
film a video because we thought while
I'm here and I've got a nice
surroundings I'm going to get another
video done finished filming my video
rich did some work I filmed it's been
very productive
we've just packed up all our stuff I
need to deliver a room I'm a lot worried
of less stuff and it's about 12 o'clock
neither of us loved our breakfast
honestly so we are going to go get some
lunch
probably Leon something easy because I
don't know if we're going to have dinner
tonight I don't know what the plan is so
we're probably going to have to Leon and
get some quick bite to lunch before get
some quick bite to lunch Buster's
non-english get a quick bite of lunch
and then we're going to head to my
sister's because we got sent our wedding
video on Friday and it's so good for 25
minutes so much detail of a JEP Alexis
missed it on YouTube a little so I
didn't put in that video as well because
we want to just keep it for us you know
and it's so good I love it cause of
watching it so we're going to go to my
sister's and have a little like family
screaming I got meat for lunch box
because I always have to get it is my
favorite I made rich get sweet potato
and aqua
Disney on the menu on Trier and I was
about chicken new disease because it's
also new and I need to try the new
things might be all about
yeah it is sweet potatoes up Chris to do
the taste test
I did a taster
really good okay bit salty not really
how I think chicken soup went rich needs
to get with the urgent and oops
so how do you know now I have a look at
a beauty stuff actually I have been a
street food for a while
I got another Maybelline concealer
because I'm running out of mine and I
got this blush pink a female polish
which is called eternal optimist and
allows a different scene we are home we
actually drove straight from the hotel
to JoJo's and we watched the wedding
video and the kids were crazy and now we
are home we've just unpacked and I think
I'm going to start editing some of the
videos I film not the complicated one I
also filled the whole video which is
pretty simple to edit so I think I might
start that and I think that's about it
for this weekend's vlog hope you guys
have enjoyed coming along with us on our
little semi romantic semi work weekend
we actually got anything to add to the
conversation if you guys thought you've
missed any of my vlogs recently I'm
going to link to my playlist here I put
all of my vlogs into a playlist so you
just press play we'll go through all my
recent vlog and you can have a catch-up
if you'd like to thank you so much for
watching and I'll see you guys on Sunday
for my next video bye
