good morning everybody it's cold now
isn't it last night I slept with my
summer duvet oh and I think it might be
the last night I do so there's all the
dogs to go out
remember we could go next you go I think
it might be the last night I do that
because I woke up this morning really
really chilly and had a nice hot shower
to walk me through but then you get out
of the shower and it's cold anyway I
just got back from New York like
yesterday so my body cocks a bit alone
but and I feel like I start all my video
not less at the moment so I apologize
for that but I have been traveling quite
a lot and I already vlog oh she's doing
to play go on mate really good girl
that's funny I feel like I only film at
them when fun things we've got a new
vlog on when I'm doing fun things it
just so happens I'm travelling quite a
bit and you know it happens anyway
today's quite good one I think
I believe I'm hosting the live show for
the Tommy Hilfiger fashion show so
something I figure usually showed in New
York which is where he's got that from
but for the past time I'm showing in
London and they'll ask me to do their
live show for them but that was the last
I heard so it's all quite last minute of
that a lot a few days ago and obviously
I haven't it's been the weekend and I've
been traveling so I don't really know
what's going on I'm going in for a
fitting now to get clothes sorted for
the show and I believe I'm running that
fashion show but I don't know that is on
Instagram on Facebook on some other
thing I don't know really what my role
is it's all quite up in the air but I'm
just loosey-goosey about it I'm gonna
turn up and do I have to do but it
should be a good day so come on her stop
is the fitting then I've got kind of a
lot of time to kill and I'm going to
stay in the office in London because I
know that if I come back here the
temptation will be just too sore to have
a sleep or something so no work in the
office have a catch up with everyone and
then I've got the show later or I mean I
that might not be the case I might go to
the office to find out got loads of
rehearsals and thinks oh well wing it
shall we let's do it
okey-dokey I finished my meeting now
fully intended to go in and film it for
you so you can see a bit of behind the
scenes stuff but actually it wasn't like
my normal fittings typically what
happens is you go into a store and then
you meet someone there hey would you
fancy and they give you put things on
you you try and things are nearly picks
that other you like they'll go pins in
your if you need to be altered at all
that sort of stuff this is very
different it was actually full of people
because it shows that she today places
today that haven't got time to mess
around with things so you in and out
there's a bunch of you I bumped into
Marcus and Steffi there because
Stephanie's going to the show and
basically this is a bunch of rails and
you just pick things put them on they go
okay cool off you go
so I call it though the theme of the
show I should know much about the show
you I'm finding it all that out later
but it seems from I saw clunky rock and
roll so yeah my looks quite cool
actually
then I saw my clean drop off my bag and
now I have to go and get breakfast and
I'm me and yet and it's time is now
nearly midday so I'm starving and also I
need to find a little learn adapt to do
that because I put my camera with me and
why not we've made both my videos to
edit from when I was in New York a few
days ago but I haven't got the thing to
get my memory card from my camera
I'm doing just looked into the office
and look what I can see and I come close
so tell if you see it in the comments
yeah
there is so exciting apparently I've
just been told that a big bundle has
arrived today
so Hugh loads of selfies of me like this
rolled on books I bring breakfast
she's not even breakfast because is they
stopped serving breakfast is late now my
fish finger wrap from Leon which is
amazing and then a curry which is not
breakfast food but you know I'm a bloody
babylon sighs there is today I look so
these ones are paperbacks I have to be
honest I've even though I was doing
paperbacks no one tells me nothing so
that's cool and in here I think we have
the hard bucks let's open this bad boy
up
without like damaging the book oh I did
not push anyone near hard enough then
okay go again round two it's not working
the blunt is not ever come on hand it's
not easy to vlog and do this sort of
thing there we go these are the hard
facts oh why do I have news about one of
the signings the Glasgow signing a lot
of people had email yesterday saying
that it was cancelled it's not cancelled
but the venue has changed I don't
reassure what happened if some reason
the venue has change so check your
emails if you want a ticket to the
Glasgow ones I think unfortunately no
it's really annoying but talking about
my hand you might have to repurchase it
tickets for the new venue and I think
it's only around the corner I don't know
what happened but that's that's kind of
the situation so if you've got an email
saying is cancelled don't panic just
redo it sorry for inconvenience but
they'll be good promise current you're
playing a game of booked Jenga or listen
guys it took me here to write this a
don't damage a single copy Millie that
is reckless
look no you're good you're off yeah I
know but no look at this look at it
wobble I will get you fired
oh my god the whole thing just tilted
how many more other I need one in my
hand I think this photo I know
Wow
I feel like I hope over in this it may
as well go all in right it's all the
books excellent I need one copy for to
hold but otherwise sterling job guys
I check him doubt about a half way I was
adding them and I don't be part of it
after that because I thought if I damage
my own books where he's had is if you
got goodies in my peer box so let's have
a look through and see what's going on
so here I have Jamie on his new book
along with some olive oil and gave me
apparently this also came with a bunch
of perishables but I was in New York so
merely took them and used the recipe
that came with it and said it was
delicious it's like a cause Yeti pesto
past the time thing I think but you said
it was great so many liked it is good
enough for me so thank you very much
Jamie I'm here I'm not sure what this is
this is called Newt drew of vitality and
there gave him a couple of things and I
think it just mix them with water I want
to say so I've got a boost and I've got
an immune support that's the line that's
raspberry this one is nutria protect be
vitamin need to protect be vitamin
formula for the reduction of tiredness
and fatigue I could do that today I'm
very tired today and this one is for
immune system that's cool thanks very
much I'll be trying them out I got some
mr. naughty stuff here they've got like
a selection of bits and bobs so I've got
a bit of shave oil so basically when I
skate I kind of do the around my neck
here and then you know the bits were
it's a bit sparse but because I don't
want use it like a shaving foam for that
because you kind of can't see where
you're shaving I want something that's
transparent so and oil is really good
and also a beard elixir which is like a
beard oil that you put on and keep on I
think and some beard soap so my beer is
gonna be tip-top condition and then this
looks like fun so this came from who
this big potato and it says basically
answer a question and then take a layer
off after you are these questions so
what color is the lid of a Marmite jar
yellow I'll open it I'll come back to
you tons of that we've got yellow paper
and it says what color isn't oompa
loompa ok orange with green hair I hate
green with orange hair I think the
orange with green hair unless a orange
they're orange now what colors are baby
swans I figured they were just white
like adults ones but maybe not
Ugly Duckling or some like was it but
that's a duck I don't know turns out
they're gray now what color it's the
special ice cream green now you can know
how to pick color brain enjoy okay I'm
intrigued so this is color brain which
I'm assuming is like a board game or
something two players or two to twenty
players fourteen plus twenty minutes to
play add some color to your quiz how do
you judge up a brand new clear simple
give everyone the answers before they
start and make them all colors something
with eleven colored cards in your hand
play the right ones to answer our crafty
questions and watch your points come
rolling and I see okay so all the
questions will be like here are so
that's fun maybe I'll play that along
with a few friends and maybe a few Jin's
still in the office
I've come to the PIO box room look
behind me just for a change of scenery
she had a meeting just then and totally
forgot to hit my camera as I read the
pressing meeting because I was meeting
with someone about a will so I wouldn't
see my counter like a month or two
months ago and they said to me I would
put your wheel sorted I was like well no
like time 29 I don't need a wheel I'm
not gonna die anytime soon
but they stressed the importance of me
getting one just in case the worst
happens apparently it can be quite a
long drawn-out long drawn-out process
for town or my siblings or you know
whatever to get to get the money from my
death basically so I had a wheel sorted
and this is a really sad conversation of
talking about what happens at and died
before me but I'm still I die before her
what has we died at the same time like a
pain crash or a car crash or something
what happens we've got kids and we'll
die at the same time this is a really
depressing chat but my will is well on
the way to being done I've had a chap
told her what I want to happen and now I
just have to kind of get all written up
and sign it and then just wait to die
space yeah anyway I forgot to take my
camera mode was for the best because a
bit sad and now I just kind of come in
here cuz there's nothing cool in here
often when you first walk into gleam
it's so hot because it's quite chilly
outside and you can't you know you get
your blood pumping and stuff you come
from - the office is boiling so in here
we've got this big old machine behind me
which pumps out cold air
and the aircon so I'm just gonna cool
for a minute and then go back to work
the lifts always got very dark or very
not going to lift and now the nerves
start kicking because I'm doing the live
thing I've actually got no one witness
I'm not sure about to film anything I
might be able to get to you here and
there but you sure but someone who comes
with me on these things who can you know
take the camera but I'm going totally
solo so hopefully I'll see you at some
point
Wow look at a queue to get in doesn't
even start it yet it's not for a while
yet
blimey okay I don't know where I go very
well but it's it's getting busy in the
other room behind me is acting I think
about something like a stream through
I'm going to do my life speak now
tell me now if I said earlier big
circles look around apparently you're a
fag or having my seat
so I came in through
a there I think I need to go to
I'll check it out from up top
so there's gonna be a crazy show fear in
our waters can we mental
oh god my house is a mess hey puppy Oh
buy them come on come see me come on
there you go come on up here good girl
hi baby hi so my house had a mess
because I had a bunch of stuff in the
office when I was in the office earlier
today but I went straight from the
office to the show so our day visa
couldn't you run home and drop it off
for me
but she hasn't come out she literally
dropped it off and then went out again
so everywhere great show really really
enjoyed it I couldn't I feel bits but
also being in scrap stories and I was
being kind of pulled laughs rented a
film for the live show so couldn't film
loads of me but I filled a bit great
looks massive show like there was like
sixty looks or something and they have
to kind of walk around his circles and
run another circle and upper stairs and
then the other circle in front of like
the people where I was sitting
anyway thanks very much for watching
this video I hope you enjoyed it leave a
comment if you did give it a thumbs up
and I shall see you very very soon
goodbye
