the last time i've logged I just had my
keratin treatment which was yesterday
although it was last week for you guys
so i thought i'd show you what my hair
looks like the morning after having it
done normally i wake up and my hair
looks like this and it's never stray i
always have to straighten it and this is
how i've woken up obviously i need to go
over the roots a little bit just because
you have to keep it straight when you've
had a keratin treatment but apart from
that it is the straightest it's ever
been I've never worked up with hair like
this it was a bit of a struggle to sleep
my hair down because I hate having like
hair on my neck when I'm hot I really
wanted to tie up but I can't believe how
straight it is this morning oh my god I
said I've got cold with a ver out of hay
fever pills which is a bit of a disaster
I'm just going to do some work today
tonight I'm heading out for Louise's
book launch and for dinner with Anna and
mark so I think I've vlog a bit today if
I can we ditched our duvet last night
because it was so hot and instead slept
with the duvet cover it's so much cooler
today like 10 degrees cooler it's
amazing it's so nice I miss sitting at
my desk and scheduling for the rest of
the week and planning or when I'm going
to my videos I think we're going to do
another day in the life video because
that went down really well last time by
thing this time I'm going to do a really
busy day out so I don't know how that
will work but I'm going to try and make
it happen because I want to make them
different each time that's kind of the
whole point every day it's different so
hopefully we'll do that kind of schedule
in some videos trying to plan ahead
because I'm going to LA I think I've
told you guys me and Anna going to LA
because we're gonna go to VidCon but
we're also going out there like a week
early to have some fun in LA meet some
youtubers that we like and maybe
hopefully doing some kind of meetup
event thing but i will let you know when
it's confirmed because i'm not hundred
central yet but we are going to be at
VidCon which be fun i've no idea what to
expect never been i am excited to go to
LA I can hear my washing beat pain and
it's ready to go to the dryer wow this
is such a riveting vlog isn't it is
riveting the web right word exciting who
Dixie ok a bit hot which doesn't like
the hot she's from Tibet
no I think I've ruined my favorite
shorts they were all like silky knit
come out or hard and crusty I think they
were hand wash only damn I hope they're
still and sailor I need to buy another
pair rich is definitely better washing
clothes than I am because he has to wash
his like sports stuff and shirts all the
time so he normally does it I'm really
annoyed I've just ruin those shorts I'm
going to try this makeup forever
hydrating primer that I bought when I
was in needs it's a bit like the laura
mercier one but better packaging it
feels nice actually on the skin I see
how it helps my makeup hold out
throughout the day I'm just going to do
my makeup now you guys to see me do that
a million times before so far back there
sec okay makeup done um I've done pretty
much same thing with my skin I always do
but with the kevyn aucoin candlelight to
highlight and I've done like ready
brownie eyes that's what I fancied for
today and tonight i think i'm going to
try and film part of my granola video
now i'm not going to do the speaking
part because the house is too noisy but
i might do cutaways actually like the
cooking pot I'm gonna go and see if I
can go do that now I absolutely love my
new tripod but it's so much heavier than
old one so when I was like area
downstairs it's like carry a baby I just
got like a quarter way through filming
my granola video and then I realize I
just don't have time to do it today it's
already half one I don't know why the
way time I need to leave here at like
half to I think I haven't eaten yes so
I'm just going to unload the future of
pain which is all here and then I really
need to get dressed and head out I'm
going this afternoon to get a blood test
done for my whatever it is see if I'm
wheat intolerant or gluten intolerant or
any of those things if not then my
friend Jemma who's a nutritionist is
helping me with it and if it all comes
back negative she'll just help me figure
out what I should be eating why should
but it would be interesting it's better
to get tests that kind of self diagnose
so I'm going to get that done today and
then they send it off I think it takes
two weeks to come back do you have
enough fruit I fools mangoes watermelon
nectarine snow peaches pears nectarines
avocado lemon line banana think for
lunch I'm going to make
avocado mango and hair just let all
smushed together like a salad e-type
this is what I'm gonna eat bit random
but mango avocado and tomatoes nice
light and fresh for a hot day okay I'm
finally ready to head out my feet is so
swollen I just had to run them under
cold water me and my mom have this thing
where in the heat or feet just swell up
it's really weird and so I'm wearing my
blue topshop top the one with the kind
of side bits and my Topshop's court
which means it looks like a skirt is
actually shorts that's not attractive my
office sandals which I should not be
where I'm with swollen feet because they
are going to make them worse and legs
covered in mosquito bites that I've
tried to cover up using the laura
mercier secret camouflage hasn't really
worked though I'm going to wear my
ray-ban wayfarers the day and I'm gonna
head off for a blood test I haven't
really thought about the fighters I'm
going for a blood test but it really
freaks me out i really hope i don't
faint I'm not good with heat and blood
and injections and things like that so
I'm just going to go and get it done
it's not much blood just need to not be
a wimp and just do it I think the
problem is when they do it I hold my
breath and then I get all lightheaded so
I'm just going to try and breathe
in London when you drive into central
London like town if you drive you have
to pay congestion charge which i think
is like 13 pounds but I really don't
want to go on the tube in such a hot day
specially we like having a blood test
and feeling faint so I'm just gonna have
to pay the congestion charge and loads
of people say I can't believe you drive
is at London or aren't you scared with
something I'm completely used to go
obviously been doing it my whole life
that's a lie I've only been driving
since I was 17 but I've been doing it
for 10 years so I don't find a scary
until I actually find it much scarier
driving in country roads where there's
like no lights at night where riches
from in the middle of the country
there's no lights with windy roads d and
run out the middle of the road I find
that waist area that central London
everything's very slow
okay I'm out and didn't hurt to didn't
even feel thing I just turned my head
didn't look she was like your case that
was going to be wid but it was finally
didn't feel it I've got a little plaster
now my arm it's all good i'm gonna head
to topshop i think i've got a hour or so
there's nothing to do so i'm gonna go
see if I can find any nice clothes for
their legs I really need some more
dresses and places
I'm happy with my purchases and everyone
looking in thinks I am talking to myself
right now maybe they think I'm on
loudspeaker yeah I'm going to pretend
them just a loud speaker talking to
someone anyway only thing I pick up rich
from Green Park and then we're both
going to go to Louise's book launch Anna
remark gonna be there and then we're
going out for dinner afterwards because
wait how's Anna said she's moving I
think Anna's told you guys that she's
moving so I'm allowed to say it has to
be our last dinner asked for before they
move mm-hmm I can't talk about it with
my friends and moving away and leaving
me so selfish making about me I'm gonna
go get rich and see you guys in a minute
a bit windy Sonny's bit cooler than
yesterday except myself
chiappa friends have a drink celebrate
with Louise and head up dinner
right now it's so hot sweaty in there
we're going to go find somewhere really
knickers I don't log here and I think
Alex and Victoria maybe the twins are
going to come to dinner with us
hopefully everywhere Beatles it would
have to go to starboard and they were
lucky because daddy you'll be like we
tried to get in fucking bird because
I've always wanted to go there it's
always on my agent shale secrets just a
confused specially doing Wimbledon I
feel like everyone goes there so I think
we're going to try the Big Easy which
meant to be like ribs burger for my
stuff it's such a nice dinner with
everyone such a lovely group of people
it was really nice and a bit and
frustrated because Jaclyn hill youtuber
makeupartist released a collaboration
with becca cosmetics you did a
highlighter and it was gonna go on this
floor website at 5pm today but obviously
I was out having my blood test so I set
an alarm because I when I thought I was
home and I couldn't get it cuz I was oh
and I've got this little Anna to buy me
one and I've just seen her tweet they
sold out but she said they're gonna be
back on the website a few hours but it's
like half eleven here don't wait up for
a few hours so i don't know i really
want one I'm so upset it might be
installed when we go to LA but I think
they'll be sold out I really want one
anyway and when I go to bed and I will
flog again on Saturday so i'll see you
guys then I I just realized I haven't
started vlogging but I literally did
just wake up and I'm doing my makeup
because I'm just filming a few cutaways
for the video is going up in a couple of
weeks because as I said I'm trying to
get ahead for LA so that means working a
bit on weekends which is fine because
rich is gone out for a workout oh gosh
windy and so I'm just quickly gonna film
like five cutaways it's quite hot when
you do make makeup cutaways and it
sounds ridiculous but it's quite hard
because you have to like I don't I never
do my makeup take off and do it again on
the same day
feel like it's really bad for my skin so
you have to kind of make time enough
days to do your makeup i'll try to show
like three different foundations and
that's like three days of filming can't
really explain but it takes up a lot of
time doing like the cutaways and showing
how the makeup actually looks on my face
so I'm just doing those now my camera
set up here just in front of my little
stool that my bed have made a very neat
because I hope that you guys really care
what's in the background is more of wars
in the video so I'll be back with you in
five minutes okay my makeups done but I
won't show you what put us in museum
because that we're in the video I think
I'm going to film cutaways the products
with his rich isn't back yet so i might
as well keep going okay i'm now going to
film some cutaways for another video I'm
doing with all of these clothes and I'm
going to go into the garden to do it's
quite hard to do it for myself because
need to keep changing the tripod and it
takes forever and also you're standing
that far away from the camera I can
never see if I'm in focus or not i'm
going to try hopefully Richard be home
soon he can help me out ok I finally
finished all my cutaways I think it
actually went quite well something about
doing things like this on a weekend when
there aren't any emails coming in or any
distractions kind of work maybe I should
start working on weekends more me and
rich are going to head out to the
supermarket soon because it's gorgeous
day so we're going to have a nice
barbecue for lunch us Brits always like
to have a good barbecue when it's sunny
because does it happen that often having
some kind of heat wave at the moment I
think everyone around the world thinks
we're all mental for just talking about
the weather all the time but it is being
insanely hot like 10 year's record hot
so I don't know what we're gonna get I
kind of fancy like ribs or something
like that I'm wearing these sandals
today which I got last year from
whistles and I love them the colors so
happy and bright we're just going to go
pick up some food for lunch you have got
much actually because any me rich and my
parents who eating's we're just gonna
get ribs sausages we've got load
salad stuff at home I think my mom's
going to make a watermelon and tomato
gazpacho which sounds amazing and rich
least get shirts as well well we're here
okay we're home and we got everything we
needed and I did if you guys remember
from my picnic blog where we went for
picnic my friends and i bought some of
the recorder league flavored cider which
i love and then i also had some invited
so the guys from Accord League wanted to
collaborate somehow and so this M is
amazing parcel I'm gonna have some of
the strawberry and lime flavor for
barbecue today look how amazing this is
recording League side a beautifully
Swedish wouldn't know a Swedish this oh
my god they basically sent me enrich
like loads of their premium strawberry
lime cider I love flavor ciders are so
refreshing in the summer all it is a
really nice floral crown in here too
that's super see wait let's not damage
that that's so nice rich come look at
this and make sent us like special
glasses to have it in look at the parcel
that they sent us Wow it's cool isn't it
all is that it back i know i need let
headband suits you and I they'll yes it
will stroll free in line oh there's
actually some limes in here too so we're
going to have this with our BBQ today my
moms made watermelon and tomato gazpacho
or is it is it nice a weird thanks
boom what's really nice mmm weird like
it's like summer look how pretty this
floral crown is I'm gonna wear this
thing like it he's making a salad with
tomatoes and cucumber and peppers and
asparagus which are going in the oven
now and then we bought some sausages and
ribs and rich insisted on getting this
beef brisket as well we're just waiting
for the ribs and the brisket to cook and
asparagus whoa steamy i think i'm going
to go outside and have a drink because
it's getting a bit hot and steamy in the
kitchen cut up a couple of wedges of
lime for the drinks and i think rich put
them in the freezer just to give them a
quick make it cold quickly which ones
that yes strawberry lime rich put the
glass in the fridge as well this looks
very professional right to break up some
ice amazing weather today okay so I've
got my cold glass and ice so I haven't
tried the slaver I've tried the passion
fruit 10 I think there's probably a more
professional way to pour it than that
i'm not very good at this rich is on the
phone you probably should have done it I
know looks fizzing down oh my oh that's
so nice very refreshing I'm gonna get
rich one he'll like that
rich try some
nice yeah I forgot my line I cut the
album when I thought to put it in come
on let's get the line at the linemen
let's see how it tastes different he's
squeezing it in you know he's like to
yeah I like mine Richie used to work in
a bar but as you don't know so he's into
his drinks I lifted oh that's actually
nice because strawberry is quite sweet
so the limelight adds a bit of silliness
all right let's gets food I'm hungry
here we've got some sausages i'm here
already
I'm gonna head to the cinema now with my
parents and with my sister Jojo which is
called out sees friendly evening we're
gonna go see Amy which is the amy
winehouse film and I'm really looking
forward to it I was a huge a White House
fan from her first album Frank and I
will never forget the day we found
actually died so I was on holiday in
Israel with three of my best friends as
checking to Jenny and she was really
like our generation of music and we were
so shocked I me all like had a little
cry and I really really love her music
so I'm key forward to seeing it then to
be really good as had amazing rear door
cinema and judge is right exactly the
same thing as me same white topper the
same necklace just realized I haven't
finished my vlog the film was so so good
if amy winehouse had a vlogging youtube
channel I feel like that's what it would
look like it was all like home footage
and videos it was really well made as
the same director as it's a call center
really good so I definitely recommend
going see at going to see Amy um yeah it
was sad but very good i'm going to sleep
now tomorrow we are heading to East
Sussex to celebrate my parents
anniversary and I'm really looking
forward to that so hope you guys enjoyed
this blog I'll see you on Thursday for
my next video that's all bye
you
