hey guys welcome to what day is that the
tenth of April today I woke up at home
for the first time in ages I'm sitting
on my bed it's made it's like half past
eleven right now and I'm awake and
piggies here hello Wiggles
I was very excited to you last night
wasn't I piggy so today I have one day
at home for a head off to Coachella
tomorrow morning and I am basically
doing an absolute shed ton of admin and
trying to recover from jet lag I'm
actually not feeling too bad because I
had a few days in Amsterdam but I have
to unpack everything and sort my life
out before I head off again tomorrow
so this log is actually sponsored by
Leonor which sounds kind of different
for me because obviously it's not
something I normally kind of talk about
obviously when you're traveling you want
your clothes to smell good and stay
fresh and I am having to basically turn
around about half of my wardrobe in
terms of washing in one day so hopefully
I will be left with very soft
good-smelling clothes by the end of the
day so this is a sensing question it's
from Lenore's new inspired by nature
collection it's their silk tree blossom
fabric conditioner which is actually
pretty fitting considering I've just
been in Japan and the silk tree blossom
is from Japan the product is all about
being inspired by nature and kind of
learning how to switch off from everyday
life and kind of letting nature back
into your life which is exactly what I
do when I get home because I live in the
countryside and I feel like traveling
all the time you're kind of on planes on
trains in cars in the air like
constantly going sometimes it can be
really hard to switch off so even though
I've got busy day today it's going to be
kind of a relaxed one because I am at
home I am kind of spending time with my
dogs and yeah let's do this guys let's
see what I get up to today and if we can
actually find some time to chill out I'm
hoping so so the first thing that's hard
about today is actually stopping myself
just from
puddling Pig little day the biggest time
waster look at this little face and the
giant paws Oh piggy I do love you so it
actually got pretty organized for
Coachella before I left for Japan
because I knew I had a really tight turn
over so I have a load of my stuff kind
of folded and ready here but it's
actually not too organized also
something else that just arrived in the
post today and I want to show you
because it is so cool check out this
customized jacket perfect for Coachella
it's actually from a new company called
I don't quite know how to pronounce it
and ha but they made it especially for
me for Coachella so yeh I'm also going
to put a face mask whilst I am packing
because my skin gets so dry when I
travel and so when I'm home I like to
look after it today I'm using the
pharmacy hydrating coconut one which is
one of my faves and I'm going to pop it
on and tie my hair up probably is also
out of the way but it's just so super
kind of cooling and hydrating really
nice
another thing I do when I'm home is spot
clean all of my brushes which actually
doesn't take you long with one of those
tedious things that I put off let's
crack on with it
go leave these here to dry for a little
bit and go and check my washing first
wash is done time for change and a dry
I am now in the car with this one and we
are on our way to love it we have three
unhappy pooches in the boot there I
realize you and they have not realized
they probably think that they're going
to see my mom to be honest but we're on
our way to the back to give them their
annual kind of checkup has also got to
get their sleeve work master because we
had fun in the process but cheapest
stuff they have to have like the
logistics were more clear and it's the
first time a new net and we both have to
go because all three have them together
if your cow whoa whoa sweet child o mine
which way this is going to be
pandemonium which is going good squid
which algae pandemonium right now
piglets definitely going to need making
ups you will not walk into that trauma
in their fingers being so noisy barking
everybody packing mission is nearly
complete I don't know how I pack so
heavily guys I used to be final just one
suitcase now I have three walk in the
dogs my favorite part of being home
always hey Pepe not on a lead risky
risky this is a go on in daffodil time
trickles favorite pastime is trampling
daffodil what a monkey Vicki that be
someone has found something probably
disgusting what are you eating
what's he chomping on hmm come on give
us company let's go you eating grass
come on biggie there she is all the
blossom is out here is all guys and
loving it who needs to be in Japan where
you've got England okay there's no blue
sky but a little bit there's a tiny belt
there I see it just there
so we have dinner on the whole this is
actually Mike's creation not mine I have
to say this one has been messing up the
Bible because well not this penne
Bolognese yeah we didn't have we don't
have any SpaghettiOs my fault if I do
the shopping earlier but we're actually
heading over to my friend Lisa's house
actually her brother's house she's
basically paying for her brother's baby
so we are taking dinner over to her
Libby is here hello Bagwell time but
yeah so this is Mike speciality it's
looking good MDF looking good I'm about
to paint my nails well for Coachella so
you can be Coachella ready and I'm going
for this pink on my toes which is
apartment for two from OPI and then this
blue color on my nails which is I
believe in manicures I don't because I'm
doing with
so I've got the spagbol in the footwell
Mike's instructions here are don't spill
it and don't burn your feet because it's
going to be really hot and I have
flip-flops on because I got wet toenails
drive carefully we just got home we had
such a nice dinner well cooked Mike and
I have now got my PJ bottoms on freshly
painted toenails
I've just finished all of my washing and
I'm pretty much packed I have done your
washing actually haven't done your eyes
right I wash you get sloppy little lid
on your camera if anyone's wondering
what what I've got on my camera
I'll show them in the Maria anyone is
wondering but this is what I've got on
my camera this little monkey on top here
and helps with the sound but might keeps
on looking at it and going like why
don't you go on your camera moving at me
what are you doing washing your golf
clubs in the tank - I got change for a
cleaning and they just you know you've
got to look after your tools you have to
so I'm looking after my tools and making
sure the grooves are clear really
because great I'm not very excited about
golf last night did you did you wake you
up from now I will sleep on the same
well as I was jumping howling howling
resume golf fan good girlfriend it's
bedtime for you guys oh well that's
great thanks guys
so me and my blog then happy nightmare I
say my night everybody
yay so my bags are pretty much all
packed up and ready to go tomorrow I've
hopefully got clothes smell almost as
good as the Japanese cherry blossom very
excited about that and yeah it's going
to be it for today I'll see you guys
tomorrow
again another travel day so it's
probably going to be two and one day
tomorrow because I lose a
time but I will see you there and I'm
off to LA super super excited a massive
thank you to the Noir for sponsoring
this video as well been really fun
showing you guys a little bit of my day
and how I kind of try and switch off but
at the same time get stuff done if that
makes sense
I hope it's made sense I hope you guys
enjoyed this video and I'll see you
tomorrow bye
