sorry I swear to God I do not know what
I would do about silence now it's
changed my life completely what everyone
will go into you can hear the music it's
insane it's cast as birthing tomorrow
and so hang out with morning so hmm you
scoffing on timeout last night with all
my friends and this morning I didn't
feel too great
yeah I felt like hides you know drank
way too much stupid me I know but I
pretty much slept most of the day I'm
actually edit in a bit of vlog which is
good go up on time and just about and
then I had phone call from your
Derbyshire and you haven't seen him
bloody ages being like Jo what you doing
we're all going out tonight
are you coming in like I can't will I'm
just I'm too tired I've got stuff to do
like and he say come on and we'll
Derbyshire it's very very good
persuading me to do things I hate you
will stop doing it anyway he's persuaded
me to have a shower and see how I feel
after my shower which basically means
that it's gonna happen I'm going to go
out but I'm excited to go to see will
and Arden and obviously Casper and be
with Casper the moment he turns 22 last
year how old is he - no it's different
for for alien years is different to
human years so how many 18 years if per
human year I'm not too sure how it works
but I know Casper is getting one year
older so I want to be there with Casper
with will with Arden with Josh with the
rest of the team for that moment so I
have a shower and see how I feel but
then we all know how I'm gonna feel and
then I guess I'm gonna head out I want
to take you guys with me and show you
what's going on because also tomorrow
we're going out for a meal to celebrate
Custer's birthday anyway yes until that
point let's jump in the shower and go
out so I was not in this nightclub right
they have these like sofas you can sit
on and I was sat like the sofas I'm
running my hand I was running my hand
along the sofa and also about I'm like a
really sharp pain go through like a
whole finger I'm not gonna lie I wasn't
sober and
still hurt and when you're not sober and
think it still hurt you know it really
hurts and I looked at my hand and it was
covered in blood and I'm going to show
you what I did it's not actually that
bad at all like this I've trust me I've
had way way way WAY worse I remember
looking down my finger covered in blood
and thinking what do I do so in a
nightclub do I go out for a plaster like
who's got a platform in a nightclub and
everyone's like just lick it it's like
the blur that's fine just just keep
sucking it it'll go away
great thanks thanks guys but I'm going
to show you what I've done to my finger
if you're a little bit squeamish then
don't watch this next bit and just look
in the comments to find the comment that
tells you when I'm not talking about my
my ranked finger so I sliced over my
finger all the way around there you
can't really see it very well but I pull
it I mean it hurts but I don't actually
have any places in the house I know it's
tiny and rocky for anything jealous
that's the tiniest little scratches
nothing but the time at her write it cut
almost way around my finger but I never
plaster I mean what I used to do when I
was younger if I never plaster on me I
always get some super cool just shove
some superglue in it and hold it shut
and it's little superglue do it we're
not good for me always chemicals against
my body you know but you know what
that's what I used to do back in the day
don't recommend you guys do it but
that's what I did
and look how I turn out so y'all turn
out fine
almost well nothing I need to do is I
need to take off this Coachella
wristband because I've only that kid is
always goes to festivals and keeps his
wristband on you know I mean for like
the next God knows how many days but
it's still cool a promise no it's not
doesn't look cool all right Joe you'll
know where to Coachella blah blah blah
but it's time to cut it off right no
Mawson not everyone also know that you
went there right it's not it's not it's
not called something it's not clever I
have a big scary sharp knife oh yes much
how I do it that then that giant knife
right it's time to say goodbye
Oh memories is the guest of artists pass
which means I can get up the special
little area where all the artists
basically what are and stuff I think I
can't remember but it was the the best
one to get but I could possibly get
anyway so very happy I'm going to keep
this anyway this is a little memento
doing the man drawers they're going the
mandrill I can hear in true
yes hello who goes there
whose feet is that oh very funny Jimmy
nice like always be in my house like why
don't you ever leave where like white
boys hear me to the hose they do that
look is oh it's weird Arden
let me guess let me guess right we'll go
right around pulling our dough yes thank
God
they're taking me out I'm so excited I'm
free wheat was a free day third-wheel it
third-wheeling tonight I can't wait yeah
it's way to Joyce very what's up guys
it's three minutes into your birthday
how are you gonna be I'm gonna be uh
think I'm turning 22 that's what I
thought was like alien years and human
years it's different in it how many
alien years too human
are you happy
I can do thank you very much like the
name on it so true I love they can range
from maybe right leaving your one is
honest you don't make a wish nothing
straight for the fruit right watch it
this is losing about this ever blow it
out don't make a wish
my wish on whispering whispering okay
I just want everything to continue going
the way it's been going yeah that was
empower somebody the candles I'd thrown
up Oh tell you the best bit Martin's
Jessica Holly loves
is your birthday
I have no idea where it come from they
pulling me home where you can get my
drink
oh I'm gonna go I know I'm gonna get a
noise complaint I'm trying to find a bit
area rug nice to meet to you a book I've
got like rap gravel in my eye
I've got grabbed I've got Governor Mike
antsy on my left thigh I'm doing a video
very very soon which involves a leaf
blower
Oh bad times guys it's currently 6:00 in
the morning
I'm still I'm still awake everyone's
gone home my house isn't absolute mess
but thing is I found my belief blower
it's the main thing
so it's complete our last night was
quite eventful um
Casper's birthday obviously so we had to
you know join in stay on his unsterile
his level but and I'm only small that's
not that's besides the point
that's like make sense on the point it's
now on its day obviously and we're now
gonna go out for Casper's birthday meal
go into a restaurant called STK which i
think is like a breathable word steak
because it's a steak restaurant but the
fingers today as well was the London
Marathon I know my friends Jim and know
me both running in it today so
congratulations to you two for for doing
it but now I must run I'm apparently so
apparently the traffic today in London
has been absolutely terrible but
hopefully because now like seven and a
half seven almost 8 p.m. the traffic's
died down a little bit fingers crossed
but anyway yeah congratulations we
didn't run the marathon today
congratulations my mum's actually run it
I think three times or three or four
times and so I know I know exactly kind
of how hard it is and obviously it's all
for a great great cause I am now going
for dinner this is such a Sunday song be
buddies go ahead run away from you know
there is my key gang guys house last
night it's very fun it's fun oh but yo
your homies that whole legs hanging out
your own interesting outfit Oh clapping
for like routines at but a Blazers not
yeah we have arrived here is my cousin
Chris
crystal yes Monsieur
boy I should hear that guys my channels
here Casper's my job at boat Mike in the
car for half an hour
I'm everybody thank you grace bullshit
on should I tell you guys a little
secret gonna so we have an announcement
it's not only my birthday boy well today
when this goes up was my birthday
yesterday
yes but today when this goes up at 8
p.m. we should run a joke 8 p.m. 8 p.m.
I do not eat for the John Casper hit the
road
episode 1 so it's on Eve more like the
song as citizen that's what we'll tell
God since ok well I'll give you the link
in the description alright link 95 shit
make sure the my phone is - and include
that where can they watch it if I give
you like what's right we watch TV by
clicking knowledge it's obviously sunny
for ya don't we do ok fuck you guys I'm
allergic what up dinner don't drink the
view really it's on e4 today after you
watch this vlog make sure watching E 4
is him on e4 at 8 p.m. - and tweet along
maybe tweet along fly rod important even
if you can't watch like yeah nearly got
watch it tweet that you wish you're
watching it that's the rules Josh made a
big mistake today he's gonna run across
the establishment and Josh's egg getting
naked yeah the block la estaci√≥n what
he did today awesome what anybody
I will look at this even main food is
little or lovely thank you very much oh
is eating the main food this is why need
you see now you see now Jackson I may
miss it's all kicking off his fights
going on to these two all right you got
a boxing match there on the air is that
real thing they don't know Mikey and
Josh you can have a boxing match for
charity for the lulz a charity so if you
put your money on I want to say I wanna
see Mikey with my keys if Mikey can land
a felony under dollars but then I know
Joshua train like properly for a month
this song is like follow me everywhere
a right
well wait for the chorus the court
you'll go enjoy score silent you can
enjoy this chorus hey ready
come on Arden come on that's not what to
do really
comers you mean every day we say very
well we have the fuser finally arrived
its body arrives not usual ladies but I
think these are the first please I've
had since for Coachella I'm not proud to
announce that but ya realize enjoy me
relax a car oh he smells jack hey what's
this thing the nostril are you all right
in there no like this will proof I wash
my hands
yeah why don't guess but how do you get
on rinse as well right I'm so tired so
I'm back now from caspere's birthday it
was really really good food oh you're
really comfy where do you come from
anyway I'm gonna call it a night there
we're all so tough and I'm gonna end the
vlog here cuz I'm absolutely knackered
so I hope you try the vlog you did enjoy
it yet big thumbs up and I'll see you
very soon when the vlog remember I'm not
a game if we all go but
