one of the worst torture if they put you
in a wooden box alive and they just push
you in a lake as your buoyancy you're
floating out into a into a stagnant link
and what happens is all the creepy
crawlies so now segments may just find
any authoress they can get into worming
anywhere and you basically get eaten
alive by bugs and all sorts of nasty
creepy crawlies are climbing to you
because stagnant legs are just full of
mirror and stuff that serious yeah
filming
the other one is a toy someone down on a
cane field cane field yeah okay man go
in yam bland through there so they
sharpen those a little bits of bamboo
what coming up so he grows really slowly
yeah and they're going to people may
people hold bluntly and medieval days
like things like that is terrible right
in there
oh it's bit across so that but how did I
went sorry fascinating and torture
museum in Prague ones well I've never
forgotten her on some of the horrible
things I saw in there when you work out
up to when the last century loads of
public hangings and amount of people
came out to watch yeah yeah yeah it's a
big it was a big day out James ourselves
the yellow picnic
Hill tea cakes still flask of tea let's
go what - hanging can't see my feet
anymore must under this belly is so huge
oh my god Britain had a famous hangman
up until the 1950s 60s hanging people
really even during the Nuremberg trials
sometimes it took a dying
Wow Albert Pierrepoint is famous it was
the hangman
hmm perfecto connects everyone on
chopping salary well you can't leave
unless Hillary call our time salary
you ready sister I like a radish partial
to a radish yeah my mom is the love them
do you like a radish fans fun car to get
one nice one my play only sensor so win
call yourself a writer - yes
hey you know what any kind of radish
clubs are you yeah they are quite plain
on me like there's no such thing as like
radish flavor is it man not a read later
hey who do you think you are this is my
tree
I love chocolate
toad Lafitte the cult chunky
many
hey see ya
thank you that when you're in a walled
garden
yes he's letting on the phone while
she's crossing the road
let's legalize that what's it I'm making
let's go I have just been trying to feel
with being like heavily pregnant in this
heat and I found out that I am anemic on
Fridays so that explains why I'm so
tired so I've just started a course of
iron tablets today I think I've taken
got a lot to take the last form actually
but yet obviously when you're all anemic
in your iron levels allow it makes you
quite tired
which explains why I've been so tired
recently so in a way I'm kind of glad
but I have reason for it and it's not
just me like I felt like all I ever said
was I'm so tired I'm so tired but now I
actually have a reason why I've been so
tired so I'm kind of glad that that's
happened but yet anyway I just wanted to
say sorry haven't been around much today
I have been being pregnant and flustered
but anyway I will turn it where I'm
going with this your foot tonight is
called my dad used to be so cool you
never guess what before he came along I
was a cool guy don't be like that it was
not the cool guy
this is my dad he seems pretty normal to
me you wouldn't believe it but I'm sure
he used to be in a rock band
he's been death metal bands you know
back in the day you're called seventh
morning it was like a doom death metal
band I don't know if I've ever talked
about in the videos before or not but
I'm going to talk a little bit about
what it's like to transition from being
not a dad into a dad so what made him
stop something must have happened for
him to give it all up
maybe he's still a tiny bit cool you
think I'm still tell you bit funny
because I remember when Hannah folks
first show me those like two blue lines
on the stick the first thing that hit me
really was the fear and it was the fear
of knowing that my life would never be
the same I would never be the same again
like it would fundamentally change me
because it does
33 years it took me to get comfortable
with the person I was and I was happy
being that self-centered caterpillar
munching his way through the lease of
life I just didn't know who was going to
come out the other end I remember
thinking I wasn't ready to be
responsible or selfless
some like garlic but
poor Grayson it kind of felt like I was
sitting in this throne in the center of
my universe
and then once Grayson came along I'm on
like a fold-out chair light-years away
because what matters now fundamentally
is this little bubble of kind of a
graceful like that's what my whole
purpose is about protecting that bubble
I suppose a lot of people when you
become a dad you can either be the sort
of guy who goes into it and embraces it
or the sort of guy who goes in kicking
and screaming and I think I went in a
bit clicking and screaming but it's
always the fear that the worst part
once you've done once you've done it you
would never want to go back to the old
person that you were because that person
just cared about himself if I listen
really carefully I can still kind of
hear that little egotistical
self-centered guy like in me shouting
like what about me but yeah he's very
distant now and it's so nice being this
kind of new person with this new moral
compass in this new way of seeing the
world I guess
this week we really have to lesson with
these guys over resin threat as you can
see they have the all green traffic
light gray so yeah so that's what we're
going to have prop up this morning and
Gracie and I are going to do some
decorating everybody
we've got our blueberries and
raspberries and strawberries which
Grayson has taken a bit of why photos
yeah we're going to take it outside
we're going in here this is the limited
edition box of Ready Brek which is in
partnership with we're going on a bear
hunt book which happens to be one of our
favorites got a packet we have loads of
fun ideas of things to do so go out to
the park or in your garden you can do
that with the garden displays having to
do splat emotes moving and cuddling tall
yeah are you going to privacy
not a home safety and don't really that
okay building a K we can make sense mad
or mummy wants to make a tenant so
computer should get started out so this
is going to be ready in 90 seconds
gravely and then we can decorate it
decorating time although Grayson is
already eating all the topics okay ready
I'm going to make a face in fear this is
a guy he's got a big nose okay honey
there we go tada tada
right then we are gonna have a little
splash around it here Oh Lana
see housing often dad yes they've really
a great week second-grade exit the m-19
for example I know that father and we
were in a horrible dreadful horrible
they're not going to keep me why is that
because I can see going great
we thought that we would be prophet or
they take the open tour bus around Bowl
never done it before and I think it's
like a commentary tool so you learn like
all about the history and everything
really geeky but it's like nature
one little time great thanks so much for
we have a bracelet Thank You Hanna for a
workable in a wonderful wonderful
hostess yes it's all that nothing
nothing a saw with a kabuki fans oh good
boy news about a fantastic weekend bar
look at the weather fantastic those who
complain about this place beautiful
weather great time
let me that love you get it yeah Jabbar
everyone thanks
Oh
a play
we just drop grounded off at the airport
and on the way back to slide a little
countryside the Excel and staff and I
baby
absolutely love themselves it's a really
good one we've already got a lamp for
seven pound 50 thank you very very much
thanks very much hi yes exciting hall
car beeps hello I have went through a
bit of a madman obsession a while ago a
few years ago now I just watched so much
madman though it's got obsessed with
that kind of anything from the 60s and
just love that kind of get Corey the
sharp suit I just I just love everything
about Mad Men when I was watching it and
leave lamb very mad minute
I really thought you alas like this to
my antique shop but it was like 120
pounds of something found this one herb
itself seven pounds of seven pound 50
they want to charge me eight pounds so
like it's in haggling gone down a 757
para fistic I'm a bit obsessed with
glass stuff so I love these things I've
got one we would lose that same you know
very few people max we got a little
glass jugs which I thought would be
really nice for orange juice in the
morning well thanks for with whiskey
does that fit up within a water suit has
to do with our carbonyl hey why do you
know they're gonna have sight felt we're
gonna you're gonna wish to everyone this
is Sarah after the baby form when you
get your drinks and power back didn't
decanter I think you have to choose they
must be well yeah sure become like these
are supposed to be for like certain
drinking of that and shaped ones I don't
know I'm not clumsy enough to make that
but I want to put the journalist here we
go cheering that okay yeah and and we
already have one feel whiskey dent if
you know foot once my dear wow how much
I take two for 15 pounds oh well yes you
enter key on these but I love them
there's only really creepy old hops
which I'll show you get rid of that
doesn't do them any justice first
they're like really nice spoon
that's made out of a Nana or something I
think you sir well it up is cool yeah
they are nice the only reason I didn't
want to get this because they're not
dishwasher friendly and they'll just end
up in the sink six ounce the six PS
pound each and then lastly my favorite
this big gold tray for eight pounds no
less
how did he do that again we have seven
pounds haha yeah
we are so sorry do you want to share
from what you thought where's your
little beet sale toy
I would you because Christmas pizza here
look he initially you should have you
got you a resin balloonicle and a little
transformer seven pound I loved it
it's really like a Miss okay it's very
Moroccan looking isn't it particularly
really nice and on the table instead so
we probably spent in total about thirty
quid and look so much laugh and be
praying like all right most fun that's a
really good I knew they would be
yeah that's how we do more boot sales I
know I'm thinking same time next week
yeah sorry please PLEASE so crew time
again this somewhere maybe wax they were
like it does work
shame on your toys be proud of them
you
so we're going to a little pub in Barnes
Hamptons and I felt like in there a
different one years before I've only
ever done at one
it was really nice I think I was about
then you have to smell of a river
hey it's got that kind of particulate
River style that every River snow
arrived in it will resurrect a lover
haha
the music's that can lead to gone little
river ride you said to me one day
wearing his dad's house inside a genome
a desert like a kayak under the house
and he lived by the river and I think
what you've never told me this
and then we dug it out and we took it on
this river ride and then we got addicted
and then all we wanted to do any free
time that we had we just took this
little higher calorie those fishes sat
there but then we just were humble down
the river and it's just like it was a
most cathartic thing I think of
everything I've ever done sometimes that
you taking me out where I sit fat in the
back and not done any like it isn't it's
a little canoeing but it is really
relaxing and seeing everything from that
level you know you're in being Satan
isn't it or likely she makes it
different being able to smell success
that's the wrong step
chicken and I can't get to you persisted
do you want for the monitor program
thing I don't like about Bart is that
we're really far away from afraid I've
been quite friends yeah i'ma get to the
agents how can anyone join it I think it
just give you time for anything to be
there for each other we haven't become
to be very very fun to be like you know
what you selected I want to go out with
boys boys yeah I I feel a bit lonely
yeah what are you doing Wow grated a
little bit chattery we've tried to
practice people into something with a
horrible being pregnant someone or
someone gets rekt wrestling but you're
so uncomfortable bet you are like all
you want to do this is a good thing you
plan on your face that liquid all going
on bubbling away so I did quite hot
liquid itemized quite war I don't think
liquid inside human bodies tend to be
probable quick
you
I would love one anything you say what
if you clean my feet okay we've been
walking around so long how many rubber
to Priya massage up so for tinnitus all
good okay seaside day oh yeah if the
time it takes for the earth to orbit the
Sun it's also the amount of time it took
boost be brought to send me my new
electric staples I have waited for this
moment for a very long time came all the
way from San Francisco through
Cincinnati standard Germany then into
England to Heathrow then to a sorting
Center in Swindon and finally me back oh
yeah
safety in compliance
there's a control this year whenever you
write a booster Ford you risk death or
serious injury from the loss of control
collision in Falls one you have to put a
sticker on there boosted board
season or don't the death warning with a
product that doesn't make it a little
bit more exciting that ends out on his
boosted board which he's been excited
about for like over a year and he is
literally like a kid at Christmas right
now I think I've seen in that excited
emotional time I've got a few emails
that I need to send about Mike London
because we have a couple of really
exciting things top of the looming about
happen anyway
so I have a pretty major class which
I've probably featured I think on my
Instagram somewhere this is the first
one I'm using at the moment actually
this is the original prototype that's
changed slightly from this one but yeah
change the fabric and the zip what I've
always gone fit now and a little gob
emmalin's phones which I really love and
then I've got like um a sort of pinky me
deep leather one in a different shape
because I find that I don't always want
to carry like a massive I cut five ring
with me so I thought this might be a
good option right people that don't
necessarily want something massive or
you could even need it for like a
passport or I don't know whatever you
want to use it for so I'm just selling
some emails about those two like just
finalizing a few decisions and things
Stefano has this obsession with neon
lighting so it's all it'd be really cool
to kind of get one of our quotes that I
use for makeup bags and like just the
website and stuff and get like an LED
neon light type piece of psych-up you
can hang on the wall so I chose the
quite let go because it's my favorite
one it's like a yoga mantra also it just
means a lot to me that quote because
partly because I have had to let go of
quite a lot in my life I don't know just
it just makes me feel a certain way so I
love having it on our wall in our lounge
and every time I see it I'm like oh I
dunno I'd rather not now but anyway
we've decided to you do a few of those
but only going to do like I think I
think we're only going to sell like 5 to
begin with just to see if anyone even
likes them because we have no idea we
like them but today if you could feel
like them
and then I think we'll probably do
pre-order and like made to order because
my handwriting as well which is really
cool like if you bought one of them like
original makeup bags that with one of
the quotes that I used on the label so
you could probably tell when we caught
that door always open to it we did it
freaks me out so much you can probably
tell that that is my handwriting yeah
anyway I've messed up for a really long
time about how I'm just going to do some
work emails so I'll be doing step which
is probably a bit more exciting than me
in my office right now
first that I was good I'd be lying right
now exporting it back
I hope that Birkenstocks let's not mess
around here where are we
let's go I won't go let's go sex club I
did take it down the N to the right so I
mean I won't go bro yeah next about
night bullshit that's got to be a talk
oh yeah ah yeah this is super fun man
exactly we sit over there I was
struggling to put I'm are you suffering
it will be if this woman doesn't get
some lunch - no we just got back from
selling Jason's wedding and which is
amazing so much right we so much fun
they wouldn't have stolen it because
their selfish bastard I was like yeah
like no we want to be this person that's
come I see the table say nice no I thank
you we'd never want somebody else to
like show my wedding before I check out
yet you know I agree but yeah thank you
so much - ready break for a minute this
week you guys are legends you really
appreciate it thanks for granddad for
coming over and helping us out Grayson
how about just on it okay that's great
was good oh we might have a week off
next week oh yeah
we all have any weak sauce next week
yeah we all having a week off next week
one feed is about to launch and I've got
like a big to do this I just can't do
while I'm filming and editing so I need
some time to focus on that so we can
have a week off next week there'll be a
video in your channel one there yeah I
actually have just put a video up about
baby names which I know a lot of people
are very uninterested in because it's
baby names and people that aren't
pregnant probably don't care but that
though from my channel if you turn on
what checks okay then we'll see you and
between the more conventional
you
