good morning guys did I scare you
I've got another mask on if anyone's
wondering no I'm not getting we'll spend
it with the Charlotte Tilbury masks you
can actually use them up to three times
which part of me thinks is kind of gross
but then you put them on cleaner for my
hair touch as well but you put them on
clean skin so I feel like whatever I use
this one on Sunday night yesterday
morning and then this morning as well
because I am trying to give my skin a
little bit of a classroom before I then
get on another long hours like long hour
long haul all right can you tell them a
bit delirious this morning this is
required guys hello mr. coffee I need
some more in there so yes this morning
I'm getting ready fly and also just
about sit down
Mike sitting with me with cereal as well
and other you can sit next to your
beautiful wine hamper come with me
somebody waiting to come in come on she
sits there all night why she know she
doesn't for though I'm actually hunts
mine can I come in oh she did another
morning every morning I always be in the
lab floor I've seen her the other girl
people ask is what I never normally go
to this door morning you've got come in
no I'm gonna change it come on DeeDee so
anyway as I was saying for Mike had a
little cat adventure I'm about as a
message to my friend James you guys my
opinion vlog he's won easily in the army
and does anyone remember that block from
years ago where we went to see him at
Windsor Castle he's like a shouting
people anyway so that James and he is
currently running how do you set in a
marathon de brazza which basically we're
not American it puts our under force to
shame guys I'm going to wonderful
cinnamon
he runs a marathon like every day for
like six days or something in the desert
seven-man yes I know you can't really
see my facial expressions right now
seven marathons in six days holy beep
brutal that is brutal so I'm going to
write you can write the messages that
get taken to their 10:00 every night so
he's like write me a message so I'm
gonna write him an abusive message
telling him how crazy is a nice I'm
going to send him a nice encouraging
message anyway social also talking about
run the fourth guy it is still happening
I haven't been training for the past few
weeks have had shin splints but when I'm
in LA it's time to hit the gym again and
build up my sadness what are you looking
at me like a crazy person for good get
on it I've got to get on it also I do
have my fundraising page setups if you
guys want to check that out and give me
a bit of encouragement because so far I
think I've raised about 50 quid which is
pretty bad I mean we need to get fun you
need in fundraising page you know how
they chose to set it up yet lazy but
mine's going to be four wonderful and
I'm using an Marlin but get your pouch
not one matters
but yeah so I will link it below if you
guys want to donate to come feel because
they are an awesome awesome cause
fighting breast cancer
I feel like nobody's going to take me
seriously wearing this mask of a Oh guys
but yeah seriously go donate to run
force because it would get my ass off
this chair and out running turns out
somebody else is joining this breast be
currently setting up to film my Japan
Hall sneak peek finished packet of green
tea Kit Kat I still have some lesson
here mid-morning snack I think so any of
you really good
we will go okay
why do you need to kiss me so much of
your staying at home earlier with the
phrase cuddle surface total famous you
already laputan so without a day and
we're going without waiting outside
I don't want to open or from a lake but
basically it's always like that's why
I'm wearing my Topshop leather jacket
I've got this on which is from eyes on
screen right now see I have on H&M
t-shirts a soft jeans or face boots next
cookie let's have some shimmy down Chim
Chim Chim Chim yeah I'll take food under
my bag is from Valentino and I was only
a quarter goodbye mrs. Harry passkey
Harry Lillis the shot its own budget and
Leo would like two minutes running over
crazy wild wise guys it's a sad time I
forgot to pack my lashes so I'm buying
my own eyelashes in boo on a plus like
they actually have one two three they
have four of them but they only have one
pair of these left and these are the
ones I want to like five oh that's safe
or sad you have unification eyes I'm
happy I'm hello hello by the way
Anna's here Jamie's here hello
who's our focus wait hang on ah there
she is
and Ahmed who worked for keels and
Helen's here somewhere as well
thankfully is she Oh spike she doesn't
we have arrived LAX so much luggage
right now guys guys I ride has arrived
we literally have a minibus for fiver we
got a lot of luggage my luggage so I've
just checked into my room in LA and it's
beautiful I thought it would do a quick
room tool we're actually heading
straight out for dinner and drinks
because it's like 10:00 p.m. so it's
already pretty late but I'm going to
show you my room
we're staying at the front set Marcus or
mark we I don't even have to say it
Marcus Mikey whatever let me know guys
in West Hollywood and this is my
beautiful room there's like sofa for all
of my luggage I seriously I have way too
much luggage is shameful I actually love
this painting as well super awesome and
then obviously this is windows with the
curtains are closed because it is
nighttime got like a little kitchenette
situation going on and a table and a
mirror this is I'm still wearing the
same outfit as earlier I was going to do
an outfit today but I was like might get
that earlier for me TV which I never
turn on TVs and hotel rooms I'm just
crazy like I do buy watch that's like
that's basically it this is bed looks
comfy actually it's like all turned down
for sleeping in oh yeah good sheets and
then another TV and then the bathroom is
in here really lovely like double sinks
and there's a shower and the robe that
will be getting used later on and then I
think there's some wardrobes here as
well well I'm going to unpack but I
don't know if I'm going to use the
wardrobes I may just like unpack because
I have so much space in here I think I'm
probably just gonna like open up my
wardrobes and then hang my suitcases not
wardrobes and then hang some stuff up
but yeah that is what's going down
I've just got into bed after the nicest
dinner that she's so nice the lighting
is going crazy in here I don't think my
camera likes the light very much but
this bed is so comfortable I'm going to
head to bed now is 10 past midnight
which means is 10 plus 8 in the morning
back home so we've done pretty well I
think staying up quickly
I've got busy day tomorrow so I will see
you in the morning
