good morning everybody it's Saturday and
yesterday we did a kind of team selfie
which is lots of the people that we work
with both Alfie and myself and then
people that we jointly work with we did
like a huge kind of summer housewarming
like we appreciate you party
kind of similar to the one we did at
Christmas that time you might have seen
it in vlogmas and it was so much fun
like honestly it was just one of my
favorite days so far this year it was
Sports Day themed so we had things like
blindfolded wheelbarrow obstacle courses
and we had one team which was my team
and then we have one team which was
alphas team and we picked names out of a
hat so it was very mixed and like a
really good way of everyone kind of
coming together and kind of I don't know
it's just it was so nice this is the
like remnants this is after we've
cleared up this morning but we rented
another stretch tent we got a bigger one
of these when we had our friends and
family over for the housewarming but we
thought it would be nice to have a
smaller one because there wasn't as many
of us and we had a bar and we had like
sports day cocktails like themed
cocktails like one of the cocktails is
actually in a like sack like a sack race
cocktail it was amazing as a really fun
day and I haven't done things like that
since like honestly I think since I was
actually in school so I must have been
well I didn't really do sports day in
secondary school I'm not gonna lie our
tutor group was awful because none of us
wanted to do it there was always a very
like sporty tutor groups that would get
really involved in sports day and ours
just we never did in fact I think I did
a couple of Sprint's and that was it but
the last time I properly did sports day
I was probably like 10 11 so it's been a
very very long time but I think everyone
had an amazing day and it was a real
success we had somebody that cooked meal
for us so we had our dinner out here I
was like also this like cute little area
where we sat and had like canapes and
drinks Alfie and Sean got this fire pit
out last
but we didn't actually use it so we've
just got that there and this was the
board teams Alfie sport State Board and
on the other side you can see who won
team Alfie won a three-legged
egg-and-spoon we won the tights on the
head game I'm about that game was
amazing sack race Alfie's team won donut
hoopla
Alfie's team got 200 and we got 135
wheelbarrow race we won rounders they
smashed rounders like they lost count of
how many points they got which really
tipped them over the edge and then we
did a Southie quiz where alphas team got
600 and mine team got 1200 so in the end
Alfie won and our team came second but
the quiz was so funny it was all
questions about like me and I'll feel at
how many times did I take my driving
test whose childhood teddy is whose
overall it was just one of the best days
and I really hope everyone had a good
time I think they did we went to bed
really late last night and then woke up
really early this morning because we
needed to clear the kitchen was an
absolute state like out here was an
absolute state so me and after you've
been like running around this morning
like headless chickens trying to tidy up
because this weekend we have Tanya and
Jim coming to stay they haven't actually
properly stayed at this house yeah so
this is like their first time like
really experiencing the house I think
I'm really really excited to them to
come I've actually had a really bad
headache this morning I've just taken
some tablets so they should be arriving
in around 45 minutes and we are going to
go going to go we are going to go
pumpkin picking with tiny-g and poppy
and Shaun and I am so excited because we
went last year you may have seen my blog
post but we actually went too late
there was no pumpkins to pick it was
just all the ones that already been
picked and the season had kind of gone
so we managed to get a few little
squashes which actually they're my
favourite thing to get anyway but we
didn't manage to actually cut off any
giant like carving pumpkins so hopefully
when we go there's gonna be a few more
field I think I went a bit overboard on
the trees just slightly I got I got
carried away online shopping this isn't
all for like this weekend it's just for
us to like nibble on it it's just for
today but look they have all they're
like Halloweeny trees I did get some
festive friends but only because they're
delicious and some trees let's please
look so good white chocolate coated
biscuit balls YUM these are always
amazing gory and grizzly chocolate
pumpkins and then look they had these
goosed goose eggs so what some those
Tara stop - orange cuz you can never go
wrong no no no goosed oh yeah they're
like um cream eggs but like ghost eggs
and then look at these harrybo harrybo's
scare mix I just got carried away guys
you know I get like sour stripes I just
like the sound of those pumpkin patch
cakes yes Maryland cookie bites mini
Cheddar's snowy fingers and a little
ginger some lunch pudding because it
just sounded really good I'm just now
trying to edit the vlog from Alfie's
birthday because I completely forgot
this week that I needed to edit so I was
like I need to do that today so I can
put it up later
oh yeah they do I'm so stylish
these are Alfie sliders I just put them
on so I could show them everything
outside pumpkin picking Tanya and Jim
coming to stay treats all this time we
were warty dick picking no it was all
the old Louis marrows and like squashes
like
yeah but I like the squashes I think
they're really autumnal we'll see what
we can get but we should probably take
do you have a little penknife or
anything
because to cut the pumpkins off you need
to take your own life
okay my ray-bans looks a lot like that
it's always the ones that you use and
love the most
yeah I find what we can do our food oh I
need to reel reapply I didn't bring my
sunglasses oh god you're screwed you're
gonna get us a watery eyes oh right I'm
so excited about this and we have like
the best weather for it yeah I'm screwed
bury me in it I think it's the one I
jump out to everyone I'm legit in a bush
I'm pumpkin Johnson Jim's pain pumpkin
drums but also Jim I think I found you
oh no I think I found your your perfect
pumpkin it's look at the size of that
one a big boy yeah oh it smells Jim what
you smell it yeah it's quite a tall one
as well as no it's very Jim pumpkin
right long and slim I'm just gonna go
find a massive oh yeah beat it going
like rip it off the vine is it is it on
a vine no Tom's like did they grow in
the ground or on the ground they kind of
just sit there at half in half out
that's one thing on the table back so it
grows out and it just sits like on the
ground like comes from me
yeah why it grows up and then out you'll
see you'll soon see so these are the
Morrow's and the renovating funny came
in I was like oh my god I can't wait she
went choke I love chess and then and I
was like holding waiting everyone no no
just I knew where I was like I said
check out my gym go through there you
never know where you might end up and we
never saw him again
where are you Jim what can you see the
upside-down going on into the upside
down is it raspberries raspberries over
there Sean Owen I'm hungry
we're currently in the butternut squash
area we found one butternut squash
what's wrong time just yourself please I
staring it's facing time a piece of
privacy no running in fields there's
like a giant cashew nut bigger are you
small yeah I think is a big nut we're at
the pumpkins blue pumpkins look all the
blue ones you can see them at the back
there zombie pumpkins and then there's
just like one little pumpkin up there
look at the orange ones there's so many
Shawn and Gemma found big ones let me
see that's so good Shawn did you cut
that one off it's so heavy
hold it one
take it I'm gonna have to bring it back
on that tractor yeah for sure
look Jim's got loads a big one these
ones are huge look that one looks good
guys these ones go and get that say you
got this you'll go in and quite like the
thick bear as well you got it yeah this
is gonna be interesting
roll out kick it out
softly yeah pull it from that oh no is
that wait oh I think I might get him to
yeah he's nice
it's proper I mean we have picked the
one in the thorn bush or the pumpkin
bitten yes you're good we found another
one that looks good to be honest we do
need a couple cos we're going to put
them on the stairs on the stairs outside
the house yeah maybe they're nearly
there
yeah oh are you ready to see what it
looks like yeah
oh I like that one yeah that's sick is
that good yeah that's a good one your
hair yeah Jim's like okay that's enough
this is baby he looks really like
annoying he's like that's a pumpkin not
our pumpkins are we've managed to get
our pumpkins to here but they're very
heavy aren't they very heavy pumpkins
the boys have rolled them and then we're
going to come back for them and then I
think we should probably get on the
tractor to get back yeah yeah we're now
in the raspberries but it is hot so hot
we're like picking pumpkins for autumn
and it's actually a really sunny day I
think maybe raspberry season is just
about out but we're trying to find the
little squashes you know the ones that
look like baby pumpkins with like loads
of different colors in we can't seem to
find any I don't know where those would
be I think maybe we just went past them
Tan's been naughty in eating them you
are a rebel Tanya burr
well if you go to jail for eating
raspberries pick your own outrageous got
the boys carrying carrying the pumpkins
yay look at them all in a line all on
your shoulders we didn't quite think it
through so he found the biggest pumpkins
we could find and then realized we still
have to walk back to the car yeah the
woman did say on our way in this lady
had this massive one she was like oh the
walk back to the car wasn't fun and we
were like ha ha ha and now the boys are
all walking the pump kit in the walk
what I'm gonna say to someone else by
the way guys all that wasn't fun they're
gonna go yeah I know and then they're
gonna do it I can't lift my arm by the
way this filming angle is probably not
the most flattering but I can't lift my
arm because I've got a squash on it
ok and Tanner in the squash field which
is what I wanted to find a little
decorative squashes so I'm gonna head
down there now these are so Hugh these
are my favorite like these ones are get
in Oh cute ok now look there's loads in
this bear I feel like everyone might be
waiting for me though so I need to be
quick
we're guessing the weight of the biggest
pumpkin which is gems what do you reckon
I think it's lighter than we think like
thinking lock the shape so I'm gonna say
19 19 pounds kilograms what do you think
t lift and gasps can we grow some
kilograms yeah
20:20 okay so Jim saying nineteen
tossing twenty out yeah the biggest one
you think over twenty like Wow
twenty-one okay twenty twenty two point
three
22:17 all okay I think twenty four I'm
going to go the height and heaviest but
you know how we did it source washed us
no but when you were sat down so sit how
you like that oh my god
yeah Joe's hair by the way yeah and oh
really
acts of God book saying tomorrow and
bright and I for I notice in people in
Brighton so here popular Sean then ask
my clothes have you but we need the
peace up some yes I have your style
today is we've knocked up a little what
would you call this afternoon snacks so
we've got some French stick and yes you
guessed right we're putting some
camembert in here we've got some fruit
these raspberries look a bit yeah things
to dip in a camembert and then poppies
made these with salmon and cream cheese
on rye Vita customers and just general
great snacks look at this bread look at
that look at all
oh yeah
I've got no head it's trip on watching
playing games everyone's had a bite to
eat I just went upstairs and had a
little chill out because I had a really
bad headache but I kidded without
everyone watching their naked attraction
Oh am I allowed to show real ease on my
channel guys I'm not allowed am i my
favorite show now when she was in she
has two yes come on fuck our knees fully
naked nap joyfully you might have the
best see of the house there good morning
everybody
it is Sunday morning and we've all had
quite the light and in fact I've had to
just go in and wake Joe up and it is
what's the time
10:55 outside we've caught Jim doing a
workout and Alfie chilling on the sofa
with Nala look at him go yes Jim go on
you got this ela and I am going to do
the breakfast that I did when my family
came down so they poached eggs on the
toast with the tomatoes I think I'm
gonna add a little bit of avocado as
well just to kind of spice things up a
little bit my headache did go I think I
just needed to sleep off but I woke up
this morning feeling so much better so
thank heavens and I don't know what our
plans are today but I think we're just
gonna be chill and
see see what happened breakfast is
served
feeling like under a tree yay delish
we've got a little bit of a bow as well
I've got some extras are you enjoying it
around the country I know we're like sat
down on the table we're getting ready
for the day but I said that I would let
Hannah pick my outfit now I do have a
pile in here of things to put in an
autumn Hall so if you see anything here
that you think of my life you're allowed
to pick from this pile I'm not going to
show them the pile because then that's
giving away like all my new clothes okay
but you can pick from there if you like
this is my current outfit like this
would be a cute place it for my video I
really like this well look and I have
like these shoes these are very ought to
be Zara and I have this one neighbor
rise week they've already seen these
jumpers because I've been obsessed with
them already worn them oh my god I'm
obsessed with this it's nice I just
looked down my room and I was like this
is my pet peeve and may I hate it I have
to wear a vest under this yeah I think
one has a knack these must be in this
season right because I've I'm sorry I
feel like I'm Benny you'll turn back
quick I feel like and I really want what
a number on the hunt for the perfect one
I actually found the perfect one the
other day with my mom but I was I just
thought I don't need another jump and I
convinced myself not to buy it but now I
wish I had I love this isn't it nice if
this is the same when they brought out
last year I've got this in black oh when
I bought it for my sister in this color
it's nice it's an asset yeah maybe with
this burger top because I love this yeah
that's really like Bergen it and yeah
thank in that I think that would be very
nice with tights and then yeah boots for
walking yeah and then what about a
cardigan instead of it so you can have
many causes go you need like one I had
on yesterday that kind of thing if not
you can remind if you want my
yeah it's really oversized cants picked
me an outfit I'm gonna go and put it on
now while the boy I'll absorb or sir
yes let's go this is us just looking our
makeup in a good line I definitely Drive
something that caught me I like your
hair like a-- we both got the same lip
color on today I love it did you keep
this one on mmm it's me em cosmetics
matte lip in the shade are you going to
do it a dry shampoo she find having sure
to have so much easier to maintain or
not ensure pages so yeah in general but
now that it's really short it can look a
bit like this is super nice there we go
oh I love it
it'll make your makeup look so nice so
does yours we were both like we're not
really going to wear makeup today and
then we thought I'd like just chatting
and then we're like oh all right done
we've done our whole face now boys
whilst we've been doing this oh you
can't see can you see oh is Jim in it
they're in a zorb ball this is also the
lip color we have on all its friendly
new comfortable by M cosmetics
it does it does it feels very
comfortable on the lips this is how I
styled Zoe today I said I want her hair
to be up messy and she did her own
makeup I'm not gonna clean I basically
copied her makeup today I fucked my foot
on liner as well and but your makeup
looks gorge thank you um the Berger T
which I just thought was really fun and
I always love a t-shirt I just think
they can make anything just look easy
and casual and effortless
I like how baggy this is this t-shirt I
like this please come down quietly I
really like that and even you could do
that one turn up on the mirror yeah
this is Rex are you look
good actually and then this little
miniskirt it's like her it's like a
velvety it's not Elvis and they hold
like mole something trousers they're
like our dads when we were little mole
trousers mole I show my dad please come
old trousers where is this from
hmm hmm and tights and she's gonna wear
little black flapped gee my tights are
too dark
I personally wait my tights at dark I
feel I think clashes with my skirt bit
you this fine for today but in general I
thought oh your taxes to get like 10
Dania yeah I get I get tens yeah I think
I have something I really need to buy
some that's my outfit oh now I was
putting a cow seer on my foot that's
finishing touch my shoes and then I get
away your cardigans oh yeah sorry I
think she should well at my big
oversized cardigan because you want to
keep it casual viciously quiet out here
look at a little shadow what are you
doing I'm not having to go I want to
watch you doing
can you really this is like a
professional zone ball I know I don't
worry fried shit for our future children
Alfie if this is the gadgets that he
buys himself
it's so hot in the greenhouse oh my god
oh my goodness I can't cope with this oh
my god
oh my god I'm not there's no way think
like a bull Oh looks terrifying
he's got your face are free nope head
first
I said you got it you got it Chris out
call in call in right around you don't
yell three it's fine undulating your
feet down here
so you'll be fine
- and a whole look can you hold my
iPhone with one hand and record yourself
boy you want to do afterwards over the
top now you read any tiny you're next
it's fine you've been slowly Zoe look
it's fine look now go back the other way
go backwards that's fine it's fine it's
fine
look that's it that's it
look look that's it do you like it you
need to go do it faster than you really
enjoy it look watch it we'll just hold
you upside down yeah do you think Joe
should have his phone oh my god yes the
greenhouse you guys for the blood bucket
shreds make sure you sit in the feet bit
Hey
yes pin us no don't spin Jim farewell my
friends there we go put your hands up
first like call out hands at yeah there
you go nice whilst the boys are
downstairs eating ice pops and trying to
chill out I thought would be a nice time
for me to sneak away and to tell you
about an app that I've actually been
using and loving now for around two
years and they contacted me recently and
I was more than happy to work with them
on this because it's something that I
already use and already loved and
already want to show you guys because
it's amazing it's an app called clue and
I already know that a lot of you use it
and I honestly recommend this to
everybody I know I made papi get it I
actually have her as a friend on it so
we can track each other's periods which
sounds crazy but it's so useful
you don't believe me there you go I'm
sure she doesn't mind me saying this but
I actually made her come on because
that's what happens with females you
hang around a lot you're in sync and
that's exactly what happened if you
don't know what clue is it is an app to
track your menstrual cycle but not just
that it's also tells you the days that
you are most fertile and you can track
your moods your sleep patterns your skin
so I've actually been putting this in
and very detailed for a very long time
and honestly I love it I don't just love
it because it can like remind you when
you're due on and it kind of explains
things also but I really like that it
traces the different patterns so when
I'm feeling particularly emotional or
stressed I will put that in as like PMS
and then it kind of contains all that
information and will then tell you like
you're going to be PMSing next week or
with my headaches so yesterday I knew my
headache was related to my period
because whenever I come on I always have
really really awful headaches and
sometimes I'd be like why have I got
such bad headache if they haven't drunk
enough like how I've been staring at
screen for too long today you don't need
to go get my eyes checked and I can
literally look at my phone and be like
nope because I track headaches the first
couple of days or the day before my
period every single month and then it
kind of reminds me and it makes complete
sense
um so for any of you that want to track
your period but also it predicts your
next one or you just like being able to
track things like that like the amount
of sleep you have and how much that can
like differ during the month and all
those all those insightful details I
really really like it for that and also
the more things you track the more
accurate their predictions can be for
your next period so if we look at my
last one because we're all friends here
you will see if I touch this open
I tracked at the start heavy
this was my pain so I've got cramps and
a headache C headache every time and I
always forget I tracked my emotion as
sensitive sleep as 69 hours my sleep
never really varies my energy was low my
mental state was distracted and you can
pick which ones you want so if some of
them don't apply to you then you don't
have to have them now I already use this
app and so being able to tell you about
it was an absolute no-brainer because I
love it and I recommend it to absolutely
everybody I wish I'd had this when I was
younger because I would get so worried
and be like why why is my period not
starting I don't know I've forgotten
when it's supposed to start and if I'd
had this app the whole time
I think it would have taught me a lot
and it would have made more sense and I
don't know I just really really liked it
I use it every month so if you like the
sound of that and you also think it
might be good for you then you can
download the app for free from the App
Store and also Google Play and I will
leave a link in the description box so
you can go on over and click that and
download it let's see if the boys have
cooled down we're going to the garden
center now why you sat on the floor you
look like you're Oh Joey's got a book
signing today
yeah is it anyone at Waterstones at a
bit Smith waterstones Infinite is after
the shop closes so he starts a fire ah
yes it's the last one we're not the last
to last the last book tour but there's
not the last stop of it's the last of
Edinburgh it was go
I love Edinburgh Liverpool two of my
favourite cities where you are where
you'll love them do you get any time to
actually look around for any B that
don't know Joe's Burke Oh username
uprising I'm very excited about that
is available now well done Joseph very
proud of you sisterly love if Franco
reach heaven
well pardon everything sorry shocking
anything to it as well how's it I'm
excited I'm very excited but don't you
don't
oh my god is that at all oh my god it's
tiny
that is the cutest thing I've ever seen
or it will bite you though he's got most
of his shell they're so cute
we are now in the garden center which is
why we look like we're underwater they
are really key musk turtles real life
span 20 years yeah he's really wrinkled
little matte we actually weren't hiding
and they're just shopping for trees now
the boys were like where are you we're
outside come and find us
also how beautiful is that tree oh my
gosh yeah it's called the autumn is it
good autumn color fruitful wild I love
this
where could I plant that tree
I'm going I'm off to sign some books
good luck thank you very much fun I hope
the people are frightened treat you well
okay see later
Joe has come back with us we just say
good bye Tim don't look because they're
not wrapped up okay so I'm bringing them
down he was just burst in a while ago
and I haven't seen him since I've caught
his presence here haven't had the time
to wrap them
but I'm giving them to him quickly where
are you
okay I'm gonna I'm gonna put them on the
sofa so you can see them come here nice
this way okay and open oh my god
I got you these No
give my brain around this that's
insanity parking for crazy people
it sounds fun because look grow my own
Venus flytrap yeah that's what reminded
me in the garden center space journal
yeah I thought you'd like that
but it's like a new thing yeah so this
was on it's a wireless oh my god sega
megadrive we have two things and then it
has like so many games on it Mortal
Kombat sonic play yeah I did isn't that
cool it's like really easy to set up
legend thanks so much that's okay
signing are you gonna take this bye Jay
enjoy your signing ciao we are sat
watching the first series of dr. Foster
katana and Jim haven't seen it so we're
watching it but I forgot how great it
was so I'm really enjoying watching it
as well and we've got jacket potatoes
mmm it's not a cozy Sunday without
jacket potato it's really hot it is
really hot isn't it straight out the
oven and look got my crispy onions on
there and these guys are trying out
crispy onions isn't it good mmm we'll
wait for Alfie to come back in but he's
currently dissecting his jacket potato
in a way that no other human being does
and then we're gonna what's he doing he
like completely empties it my shoes it
all up in a bowl and has it separate to
the skin and then exactly yeah he has
his very own special way I love you get
home safe text me when you get back
bye Alfie
nice no I am going to end this vlog here
because I have a feeling this is gonna
be one of the longest vlogs ever and
I've had the nicest weekend and I really
hope you guys have enjoyed this blog I'm
now going to go to bed and sleep sleep
oh you can only just see you hello oh
god she's so cute anyway I really hope
you guys enjoyed this vlog give it a
thumbs up if you did and I was he again
very very soon I
