morning everyone
so I felt over to film a weekly vlog
I've done a couple already and I
absolutely loved them means I get to
film a little bit throughout my whole
week which i think is actually better
than filming like a whole day if nothing
that exciting happening so hopefully
this will be fun it's currently 10:00 to
7:00 in the morning on Monday and I'm
about to go to Barry's boot camp class I
haven't been to one for a while and they
are so intense so I need to like hype
myself up this get myself Abed and
though it should be good and there we go
- eyeball topped with Lizzie's high
protein granola okay you guys are going
to think I'm so totally mad I am about
to go rock climbing I don't even know
how I'm about to do this
why should I begin for the most intense
class ever this morning before going
rock climbing I don't know
Danica I was really expecting the class
this morning to be that hard even though
I've been before but the reason I'm
going rock climbing is because I am
setting myself a challenge this week I
have never been rock climbing in my life
ever and by the end of this week I want
to be able to climb the toughest rule
that is possible within this rock
climbing Center I don't even know so
specifically impossible like I don't
know how hard this is going to be
because I've obviously never done it
before so I have nothing to compare it
to you so the reason I'm setting myself
this challenge is all to do with sleep
so Temper mattresses have sent me this
challenge to see if sleep can help me
achieve something that I've never done
before really really just push my
boundaries and see if a good night's
sleep is going to help with this so
Kendra man chooses
have these incredible foam mattresses
and pillows so I've got them I've had
them for a couple of weeks my absolutely
love them I'm going to show you actually
let's see here we go this is the
mattress and I don't know if you guys
are familiar with memory foam mattresses
but they are so comfortable it's like
you just mold into them and it's just so
cozy I love them this is what I want to
do I just like like putting my hand in
and then seeing it is so good and
there's also got the pillows as well
I'll show you them at first from I am
first got them and I pulled them out of
the cover I was like wow these feel
really different and then selected them
and they just so amazing it's like your
head just moves into them again here we
go so this is what it looks like as you
can see like it's not as firm almost as
the mattresses and that's what I thought
memory foam pillows were like okay
they're going to be exactly like the
mattress rest for your pet basically
like smaller versions of mattresses like
a little mini mattress but they're not
they're like designed in a different way
they're softer and like more more
squishy and just so cozy see I've got
those got my two pillows got my mattress
and I'm going to go rock climbing for
the first time in a minute
and we'll see how I get on I think I'll
probably just start on the beginner wall
obviously hope so anyway and then I'm
going to go middle of the week as well
see if I can progress they go a little
bit further or higher I don't know how
it works like what were you doing and
then hopefully by the end of the week
I'll be able to climb yet but like the
biggest wall and of course I'm really
excited to see if a good night's sleep
is going to help with all of this you
know how much I love my sleep
and I am such a firm believer that a
good night's sleep can help you so much
next day like I know it's obvious but I
need eight hours sleep and if I don't
I'm just like a zombie the next day so
I'm hoping this is going to help okay so
I'm in here
all these walls and then I've spoken to
the guy out like what's an achievable
goal and basically you have different
colored and like point to like grab onto
I don't know what I feel like keeping
was that cool heck hello and so gray is
the easiest color and then it goes to
like a few different ones and I asked
him like what would I be able to do by
the end of the week and he but if you
can do orange that's really good too if
you can finish your green that sounds
really good so I'm going to aim for
orange by the end of the week but I'll
be super happy if I can complete
agreeing to do this explains it so much
faster so intro home and we put the
yellow one green and orange I'm not even
going to bother with this one
when you're out there is actually so
much that you can see the different
colors like I'm pretty sure I just have
masala green one I thought it was great
we are keeping vegan brownie okay I'm
going to save myself there and not have
one but next from a period during the
week I might have cover though I
actually absolutely loved it over so
much fun so I'm doing the gray ones
which is like the beginner and then I
included be like orange almost leaves
the next apart and it was just so fun
and for like exhibition with ourselves
but I don't want to like kill myself on
the first day so we'll see how we get on
on Wednesday when I come back
so back home now and I've just got
emails catch up on I've got to edit a
couple of videos and just general like
works up so I'll probably be around here
for a while
got some lunch prodigy this is character
fennel and ginger so good
and yeah I guess just hanging out here
might go to a cafe later because I like
switching it up a little bit I get a bit
cabin to free fun just at home all the
time and and yes then cranks tonight so
I last spoke to you I've said that I was
going to do a little bit of work right
here and then I was going to go to a
cafe I never even made it to a cafe I
had so much work to do I hadn't even
realized that I the time has just
disappeared
felt like minute to go but nice now half
past eight and my shopping has just
arrived there we go all my food can't
even remember what I've ordered now so
I'm just going to put that away make
some dinner and that's it is Game of
Thrones tonight which I'm so excited
about Monday nights Joe and I have a
ritual where we just have to watch it
together and make some food and CSLB
good I've been looking for that all day
so yeah
that's my plant evening
it is Tuesday and 7:30 go to class in a
minute with Rosanna
at 1:10 then our favorite strip club
actually recycle above and narrow
sponsor bedroom no money man
and this is the 110 studio on Baker
Street
breakfast today is a protein shake and
also some bright sourdough with almond
butter banana cinnamon and blueberries
one of my faves
so since getting home a few hours ago I
again just being sat here working and
it's just what I even been doing like
the thymus is gone I've just been going
through all my emails planning videos
blog posts and also editing video and
then other kind of exciting secretive
stuff but it's time for lunch
so I just quickly thrown together a
really simple lunch but it's so good at
some of my face so here we go the most
colorful lunch we've got these amazing
heritage Tomatoes I just love all the
different shades of tomatoes we've got
some steamed carrots and some steamed
white collar and what these are called
sugar snap peas that sit on some spinach
hiding at the bottom ER and these are
some amazing vegan sausages they're by
brand called DS and I just absolutely
love them and I've also got a dressing
here this is tahini and mustard and some
lemon juice
so just drizzle that all over and it is
so so good time to get some sleep I am
so so excited to get all tucked up and
cozy I must say I've been sleeping so so
well this foam
oh my god it's honestly a life changer
it's really helping as well it's
obviously like quite intense workouts
did spend this morning and then of this
goal that I've set myself for climbing
this wall by the end of the week I
genuinely think this sleep is going to
really help and I'm so excited about
going back to the climbing wall tomorrow
I'm going to try and push myself a
little bit harder if I can remember it's
going to be the green wall that's going
to be the next thing not the green you
know wall but green peg thingy so I've
done grey and orange
is going to be green and then by
Thursday night because that's the only
time I'm going to be able to go climbing
again it's going to be at the time I'm
going to really push myself to do a
green or the next one up I can't
remember I'm so bad at remembering but
oh my goodness I think it's going to be
really tough I found even the gray ones
quite tough but it was really really fun
and hopefully I can get a really good
night's sleep
thanks to temper of course and my
pillows loving my temper pillows oh my
goodness and yeah oh my god I've
actually never been so excited to get
some sleep
back again at the climbing center going
to give this another go I'm so bruised I
looked at my legs this morning and my
shins and slavery's my teaching against
CM wolf let's try again
I have just been filming I'm filming a
smoothie video so I've just completed
and three smoothies here that she
already diced into one
it's impossible filming a smoothie or
like any kind of food video and not
being able to eat it because I had to
make like the next two after the first
one loves that I really want to just
have this now I needed to save it for
the photos at the end to even take a
photo online yeah I think I literally
dived in too quickly for anyway now I'm
probably going to get on an edit this
video that I have just filmed and I'm
really looking forward to tonight Joe
and I are going to go for a couple of
drinks and some dinner I think just up a
par on the corner that'd be really
lovely and yes that is my day okay I
need to get a boomerang of me throwing
some sponges up in the air so this could
be interesting if we get this
under this car we got a yay took a while
run for a cucumber sprite show so good
and we're at the laboratory it is
Thursday this week is going so fast it's
unbelievable which is a good thing means
I'm having fun and I this morning had a
meeting with sauce spots I couldn't film
anything because we went through
electric house and they're really funny
with filming and photos and stuff so
that was earlier and then now I'm about
to have a photo shoot in my flat one of
many shoots in Whistler and this is
going to be with premature I'm super
excited that should be really nice so
you believe that I actually really like
shoots my flat because you just feel
totally at ease at home and you tend to
get really good shots like that so yeah
it should be fun I've actually just
signed with premier models so that is so
so exciting I'm so happy to be your firm
and this is my first shoot since being
with premier so yeah super excited
just on my way to film it to go to the
rock climbing center for the last time
this week oh my goodness I'm actually
really excited I've really gotten to it
I absolutely love it I like it way more
than I was expecting and so let's see if
I can do this challenge what happened to
my hands morning I was clearing out of
ours that has flowered in Acton earlier
and it just shattered into think all
over my hand with blood everywhere
some rain horrible this is going to
affect and my coolant the evening's not
close here comes spider-man if you're
finding that oh my god it is past time
and he's already doing
you got it can your left link your on
that one that's for your knee nearly
enough figure out all kind of animals to
figure out what kind of animal you look
like that some sort of koala bear how's
your Thursday night go
sign a pig but a pig
yes whatever
so I actually managed to trip different
from me so I actually managed to do a
green wall that you saw I'm so so happy
and then I was about to UM try another
one and then I look down at my hands was
just gushing with blood from when I cut
it earlier on the farm just so annoying
so I had to stop but the place was
closing anyway cuz quite late anyways do
you remember those vegan brownies that
we saw earlier I was going to reward
myself with one and then they didn't
have any so I have just the whole walk
back in just like they want it but Jose
has the best plate it's going to taste
good - tea - that's a vegan restaurant
and maybe the most amazing dessert we're
going to see if we can get one to take
away is that yeah yeah I was so excited
they didn't have a triplet brownie but
they did have a chocolate gateau and
then lastly we go
Oh pancake oh my god that looks
incredible at the pancake you ready for
this guy's oh my god it looks so good
that it's insane
so I've just arrived at delaford farms
if you guys know in London there are a
few of these farm shops called del Sol -
they're absolutely gorgeous and I've
actually come to the real delaford farms
is in the Cotswolds never been here
before I haven't had a chance to explore
so I don't really know what it's all
about but I just got into this cottage
where Jo and I are going to be saying to
the next couple of days and it is unreal
like it is the most beautiful thing I
think I've ever seen I honestly want to
let hit like this is my dream house and
I've actually come up this morning on my
own I got a super early train like I
think it was a 7:30 a.m. train I got to
come up here and Jo unfortunately had
some like work commitments so and he's
going to join me later tonight so I'll
be really really lovely but in the
meantime I have got this incredible
cookery course lined up it's called the
bead balance oh no it was it be whole I
think it's good the be whole and cookery
course today and it starts off with an
hour yoga amazing like best start to the
day and then after that you then go to
the cookery car class you cook a
three-course meal so you're going to do
some kind of stuff to some kind of made
and then a dessert and then I think we
get the chance to explore the farm for a
little bit and then after that this is
the best part we get an hour massage as
well unreal like oh my god going to be
absolutely amazing so I'm really really
looking forward to today
so this is a really young cucumber can
you believe that and you can literally
eat it like that and generate it
why not that's good actually kind of
tastes like cucumber can be samples
likes growing hair this isn't a huge
Apple we've got our dessert here now
this is a chia seed chocolate pudding so
we're just in a little nice waiting room
waiting for our facial we make up like
half now before so it's now 9:45 we wake
up at 9:15 so funny like that never
normally happens I didn't think we would
need a.m. and alarm oh well we made it
were here and this is my t-shirt holiday
I love it and the Quietus spotted the
exact same magazine I'm pretty sure
they're the same brand because when I
looked online for this t-shirt and it
was a hot dish as well I think don't
hold me to that that's how cool the
facial was so so good it was amazing she
did all of this amazing neck and back
massage as well and a foot massage when
I had my mask on and no direct my skin
feels the best it's not on a long long
time
that was amazing Joe and I went on a
nice little country walk got a bit lost
I was definitely really hungry and it
was bursting for a week so I see a
full-thickness March back that we went
Stan ice little deli and got some food
and was just laid out and it looks so
good
look at how incredible this looks like
the most perfect country has lunch
we've got like falafels and homemade
salad olive tapenade and sourdough
amazing heritage tomatoes
that we're from the place that we saw
yesterday and honest oh I'm so hungry
hell with your first facial experience
good yeah
skin feeling good yeah really you are
glowing you are what am i Dundee good
Sunday morning breakfast in bed got a
coffee and then this amazing granola
this is by Daylesford it's their
mulberry and coconut granola topped with
fresh blueberries okay she's got show
sighs hey it's like a tennis ball oh
yeah that's amazing I think that's the
best one I've ever seen and I've got a
match of last day here I found these
crackers courgette and mini feed
crackers that are quite good haven't
actually type tried them before so I'm
looking for trying them and then it will
say this sacred vegan hot within
campaign sounds good I'm giving Jones a
grand tour of the whole of the Dell
France I'm learning so much what he
learnt so far and that when the cool
Jets gets you huge they leave them out
here he returns compost because they're
too enormous to cook normally that you
get white courgette courgette flowers
just and one that's like flower and cozy
cone Austria greenhouse motto second
easy we've got a nice yellow cherry
tomato mmm
so honestly the most delicious tasting
tomatoes have ever heard in my life
this better
by Daylesford we're going to miss you oh
my god a cow actually just a goodbye
kiss mrs. brownie hello should I get
this hello this is Ronnie
