I literally zit like I've got no hair hi
everyone welcome back to my second ever
weekly vlog I'm currently in Spain in
Marbella and it is my mom's birthday
today
it is Monday you could discuss our and
yeah I just thought this week I've got
quite a lot going on and I thought it
would be a good week through another
weekly vlog today we have just seen it
chilling out on the beach and I've only
just decided to film that's why I'm
beginning at about 7:30 p.m. but I feel
like it's going to be really nice
evening we're going out for a lovely
meal with all the family there's a few
of us out here and we're meeting a few
family friends as well and we're just
having a complete drinks on the terrace
hello here's everyone happy birthday
room tide a pool a squadron Rosa oh yes
please look at mums handbag smoger freak
down tomorrow if you come dressed out
the margarita tonight she loves them so
much these guys are basically having
dinner on their own yeah
in case man
hey everyone so I didn't do much to fill
mr. day I'd literally just worked caught
up on some emails general work and today
I've been going the same basically but I
have just gone to get my eyelashes done
so you can see them I get from that
other place called Agnes or fans of
impending ten and they are absolutely
amazing absolutely love them and now I'm
just going back home catch up on some
work I'm going to go on a run at some
point and near sell my day kind of if
I'm going away on Saturday to you
la I'm just I've got one of those weeks
but because I've been away as well on
Monday just got to catch up and
everything so nothing too exciting
happening I'm afraid
the testing I'm doing at the moment
seems to be a recurring thing it's
mainly because can't be bothered to deal
with my hair right now I've come a few
haratz
to try a few things I've got dressing
appointment at their personal shopping
at department which is absolutely
gorgeous my first time here and I'm
basically picking something out for
Henry these are all of the amazing
dresses that have been picked out for me
how am I going to decide their who funny
at the moment I've got the first on on
this is by Sandra one of my favorite
brands and literally it's the first one
I've tried and I love it but I am
definitely going to try on the others
because they're all so beautiful need to
turn off some fuses off okay I think
this one is my new favorite it's so
pretty
I love it it's so different and just
really different to anything I've worn
before
and also pockets I do love a dress with
pockets I've come to a place called
squirrel and the food is so good here I
love it it's like a tree house okay
basic you this is my rabbit so I've come
up to the green house party and this is
my salad I can't even remember what's in
there I think it was quinoa avocado
a ginger miso dressing the educator and
this is an ice matcher
with cucumber lime and mint I thought my
head on fire
Larry King in south ken earlier I loved
it
just said blow dry not heart I need to
go back for calculus at some point can
see and the pretty driver and the edges
blow dryer love how he does it he knows
how to work my hair basically sign now
with Ryland and I'm doing an event here
it's called an evening with poke ignited
and using web Miami smart and my lovely
friends Felicia who you've seen plenty
times on my channel is hosting it if
she's going to be interviewing me and
we're doing a host pick live stream as
well and a couple of people as well
we're going to create like sit and watch
and ask you a really nice goin yeah
you'll be really funny drinker and this
is my outfit for the evening
head to toe River Island so I love this
little crop top really really sweet I
never wear crop tops as well I just love
this run of the button detail and then
how keep these trials is we've got
little frills on the pocket and then
down by the ankles and then these really
free too so I'm very happy us about fit
and just going to wait people too right
now okay I wanna start my day either
I don't what would you rather do I'm
excited to you guys part be exponent
half do you need or 1.8 person where is
the French doctor present weather again
get dressed mental wedding dress come up
in our favorite riders men yes where we
are three two one pharmacy guests
obviously is amazing yeah you looking
for your home
Hank it went oh yeah reach in with our
obsessional most my crack it's like a
problem a job as opposed to me busted
catching I know I kept guessing as well
that's a good thing again so great
based on the same thing we've done for
the tagliatelle mushroom technically it
smells the macaron is it soft rustle of
love rustle and some limit on the sizes
we need a perfume in your hair many
queens we have a bit of salad in a robe
absolutely yeah that's just something
that isn't so it's more Oh Joe and I are
off to LA and I'm so so excited because
I saw like we have ated for this was
such a long time we're in LA for about a
week and then we're going to Mexico for
just under a week so about two weeks
were away so I am trying to pack and all
my goodness I am taking so much stuff
which is not a surprise because I always
overpack but I'd rather have too many
options than not enough but it's just
really hard to know in advance what to
take because we haven't really made that
many plans so don't know what we're
going to be doing so I don't know what
to pack and I don't know but and today
so far I've just been editing videos
getting work done before we head off
because I'm I'm going to try and treat
this as much of a holiday as I possibly
can I do have a few things that work
things to do when I'm out there and but
in terms of like editing and stuff I
just want to keep that to a minimum so
I've just been in all day basically and
yeah just trying to decide now what to
take so hung up a few just as hair that
I think I will probably be taking I love
this one my Ted Baker and yeah there's a
few other little cute dresses in there
as well I love this top so I bought from
a sauce really really sweet but this is
the issue I have going on right now I
haven't actually perhaps many clothes
I've packed my gym stuff bikinis and
toiletries and bags and shoes and all of
like my electronic stuff but no real
clothes and it is pretty useful I was
going to say pretty much full it is full
and all of that is meant to get in here
so this could be interesting but before
I start with all of that
look what how a bride softbox
yeah and I feel like I haven't done an
unboxing video on this channel in a long
time I tend to just do it on it from
stories now but I thought you know what
else I am vlogging today and thrive I'm
gonna show you what is inside okay so
here we go when you open up you get this
little menu and a little newsletter but
what's going on this month and yeah this
is what we've got inside so let's crack
open first thing we have got is popcorn
and this is fine armed I adore this
popcorn it is so so good so definitely
try that on bar of course their flavors
are just insane at the moment if you
haven't tried on Bart please do it's
just the best chocolate in the world I
think so anyway
so it's sweetened with coconut sugar
which is obviously much better for you
than normal white refined sugar we've
got several we've had these in here
before but they blur new pudding bites
chocolate and salted caramel pulsing bar
adore pulsing bar really high in protein
but it's all plant-based oh and these
peas are so so good over here I've
actually got close the box is so pretty
they're so so delicious and at the motor
they're all green tea and they've got
added vitamins which I've never heard of
from tea before and that yeah I
absolutely love them so you try a couple
of those out from the box we've also got
that she wore so this one is very so if
you like normal fizzy drinks at
lemonade's and cokes and stuff like that
this is just a really good alternative
we've dr. edamame mix high in protein we
have got some freeze-dried pineapple we
always love the freeze-dried fruit in
closed box and some watermelon seeds and
I love them because you don't normally
hear a watermelon seeds I don't know why
but they are great and last but not
least some almond butter because
everyone's going to have a bit of almond
butter in their lie so this couldn't be
best timing to get my sauce box because
as I'm going away in the morning it
means
can take all of these snacks of need
have them on the plane have them just
when I'm out in LA not that there's
going to be any shortage of healthy food
in LA but it's still good to have it
just in case I always have some like
healthy snacks in my bag just in case
Joe is on his way and also excited first
like proper proper holiday actually now
that's alive had a couple first two week
holiday so something time fella PLA just
been jumped up to terrify sometimes that
we need to get penalty skips are you
stop we made it to LA after the drama of
being dropped off at the wrong terminal
we had an easy flight so good we got
here and it is absolutely gorgeous
weather and the view from my own house
beautiful together look gorgeous oh
really I'm so happy to be here so we're
just going to head out now get a quick
bite to eat starving and then try and
keep ourselves awake into it like
acceptor would go to the actual
exercising
okay so it's really a scratch the
specific now we'll keep ourselves awake
we have come to earth cafe and I've got
this nice coffee it we then run to the
Griffith Observatory and quite something
I really was under view of Hollywood
sign Hollywood sign genomic level
ability which is an inclusion
you
