this is my first camera it's an original
Canon 7d that I bought about 11 years
ago so the day arrived and took it
everywhere I went and that hasn't
changed over the years I've upgraded
along the way but it's still extremely
rare to see me without a Canon by my
side it's become almost an extension of
myself in a way over the years it's
completely reshaped how I see the world
it acts as a sort of prism that forces
you to take notice of things like light
in this composition and shape and color
all the beautiful things that are around
me that were just hidden there in plain
sight it also lets me echo my
relationship with the world right back
to the world our canons are the tools
that bind this whole story together
which is why we feel so incredibly
privileged to this week to be working
with the people that created these
cameras Canon they told us about their
new campaign which is about living for
the story in how a photograph could be
so much more than just a filament they
wanted us in our own way to talk about
the story behind the photograph so our
idea was to find a pertinent photograph
for us that represented a particular
story in our lives a photograph that
made us feel that moment all over again
that made our minds almost bloom with
memories of that particular time in our
lives then we go back to the place the
photo was taken all these years later so
that's what we're doing today we both
knew the photo we wanted to use for this
campaign the only problem we had was
finding it
in
place we took the photo all those years
ago was in a room in hotel called the
manor on Purbeck heritage coast to
Marseilles class the hotel closed down a
few years ago but a new one has taken
its place we strolled around the new
hotel for a while before taking Grayson
to see the old hairy rocks
legend has it that the devil
traditionally known as old hairy one
slept on these very rocks
by this time yeah I think we took it
before you were born
the photo we chose is a black and white
acid focus lively composed photos but
that's not what it is to us to us it's
the endless Vesper eyes is that bottle
of Prosecco that we always had it's the
helmet hair the Lions is that hangovers
it's this passion the spontaneity the
dancing is there not giving a fuck it's
a film night the bright lights of London
cities the whims it's the main things we
had after work is the colors their mind
is there it's everything that we were
back then captured one still
you
Oh
I
yeah
and desires
you've just seen our photo and heard our
story now it's your turn
canon 365 days of summer competition is
giving one lucky winner the chance to
travel around the world for a year
chasing the summer and shooting stories
along the way if you'd like to enter to
share your most inspiring story on into
the ground attacking at Canon UK and
hashtag lid for the story for the chance
to win best of luck to everyone that
enters this awesome competition I do
treasure cover you get take this moment
you can take it that's abuse
if you like how you remember it lately I
feel like it was so long ago that my
memory how you keep them I'll pick you
another flower I think you remember I
remember my shame come on oh yeah why do
we do this little critters real crazy
look you got back on your leg sorry bug
you saying hello Grayson oh yeah I got a
spider it's just a fly you can tell
you're a London boy alright that's what
happens when you sit in long grass don't
go on you Roman bad boy friendly didn't
hurt you don't like then just lay them
away go no go away now go get dinner
soon goodbye mm soon the app without ha
so you're the painting in a cage or the
oceans make wait I know nothing more
thank you
since now the Dow US senators time to
cry
once the lights go out you'll see that
the Heartless levelly you are never far
from how what do you think crap
it was really not like fate in and then
the crops go and play catch don't you
think why don't even crab traps out
guess they're how to take me back
wherever they came from thank you when
you're in London maybe mix really enjoy
today anything you nice nothing looks
out Gracie can answer your question have
you had a good day what's been your
favorite bit about today look a little
lego man you just come from the Phoenix
no I've had a really nice day only two
really chilled isn't it
come on mama we going now Gracie go now
you ready yeah I've been a very good boy
I'm gonna make a given link boys again
I never showed you around
maybe by the door
the
don't
the
to be good
banging on window banging on
I created
I've many
I ain't supposed to know
and all the rules and orders
the
a window the
under you
yes
you can tape it on what we're doing
yeah
we're building a bed aren't we are you
the boss the remoter boss
okay so you're going to tell me what to
do okay so what do i do first
yes unless I make it like that okay
Shruti Allen all right let's go bomb me
I guess you could say we can put this in
that whole dare you put that that screw
in that hole I don't know what okay yeah
come on
thank your job can you do it okay that's
the trigger on the grill look let's talk
it out back
this is DIY you probably I know I bet
you got a three-year-old hungry McCarthy
there wasn't that many you shiny blue
shame where's that he's coming it's Gary
Coxe
what's in that oh the stories and stuff
yeah I know in creepy and they put that
funny
this wave annoys you to come into my
nighttime I want you want to draft but I
do that when I think we're just a minute
ago it's always like just getting food
in boxcars
something putting together the guest bed
the bedroom upstairs now we can have
people stare on first in I might take a
little bit along to the doctor surgeries
to register ourselves because I need to
get a midwife appointment which is the
doctors I bought one of these with a
fidget spinner and a lot of you might be
thinking this you're like 89 years old
why are you buying a fidget spinner I
bought it because I think I may have
some form of mild ADHD I have a problem
with sitting still I can't not fidget
with something if I caught my reflection
doing that am I out I'd sit at my
reflection how do we fit once again me
how to do it
not sure it's upside-down and in French
this is a beautiful day sure here 22
degrees 22 degrees
we believe that Grayson is craving rough
place and paying me warning and very
well be saying okay we've been saying
some weird PJ masks game where I'm not
allowed to sleep because I have to still
be a character and I have to like wiggle
around it was not supermodel like
whenever I try and go already
can we come over Stanley okay let's play
great and see to the bottom of the
garden doesn't say anything that's over
that's the best game my mom and dad east
always make me play that I might make
you pay that were left over hours
sometimes great sit down there at the
bottom of the garden by the bush and
fold your legs push your legs you go sit
there very quietly now good work yes for
like a second no this is relish this
information is absolutely
I can hear the birds sounds probably
wondering why what's up we're not bad
sheep back oh yeah sorry we're drawing
our bed sheets well I thought I'd kill
two birds with one stone and make it
into a tent in the garden meaning
Grayson and I was like come I need that
for the shot I was like night I didn't
argue and Hannah I don't argue in heaven
today I don't find a game yes we thought
today that um you haven't had many
hormonal days in this pregnancy but
today is a vicious one you have been an
amazing pregnant person though I
literally think you get a better
pregnant person then you've been and not
pregnant person you're less hormonal in
general like normally you're like you
can be like well every six weeks or six
weeks you can mental absolutely fucking
crazy yeah yeah even amazing pregnant
person camera amazing maybe ones can be
pregnant again that's one of my friends
this morning I'll be really sad when
this pregnancy is over I feel like I'm
just going to want to be pregnant again
yeah oh there's a lie down game and go
to sleep game he liked the fact that he
loves her happy yeah it's fun I wish
he'd like I wish I could have a little
button on it
Peyton to sleep for them well usually
what happens is you'll wind him up so
much and then you're like right so much
right now and then you leave like yeah
right
great you're not going back to work
Oh
humming are you what did you get mom you
only find a pearl in bath with you how
will you find a pearl hello your hearing
thank where did you find it papa did you
find out
wait to pick it up from there was it on
the floor Simone you're not in trouble
tell me how do you do that
there you go though needs holding oh I
thought you click to like that you know
they're getting some he's holding their
it yeah and I put it on my end yeah
Roy can you get it off here in the
rubbish guy well I don't want to touch
anything out there in the front pocket
that bad for some pathetic hand would
have a big hammer daddy touched
something inside coming there Grayson
didn't know who they were they comp it
up I'm clearly well third earrings it's
been so long did you get enjoy do not
aim in here you have never eaten a
packet before I can see that thanks my
darling
well I thought these were really good
for center and it's turned on that
massive bags I think Sunday need we've
done a lot of fed up a new man happy
times you feel better I can't imagine
being back in London anymore really
Nick Nick I feel like I thought you'd
feel like that after the house it feels
like a home now and the type is more we
get out in it so whatever you thought to
miss London we have to do is breathe
take a breath in and you're like oh yeah
we should come up here with me baby yeah
maybe this can be my visualization this
time through its Gracie it was pushing
him around clapping that was it yeah
yeah should be Sidney baby we'll go
through it we walk around the presents
together depending on how tall my son
Ian got to be real this is really ruin
learning how you find a girl with a girl
dad in the bathroom on your neck for
showing you potential lost your equip
Brenda neighbor maybe she got sorry
who say
I went through the City Dock did you're
stuck in traffic the mind has not
excluded Patrick broke my nose
now
it feels like these sweets go so quickly
it's been an intense edit way you have
been chained to your desk quite a bit we
wouldn't have ever talked about that
photo obviously because Canon came along
with this with his campaign they were
like what are you to do friend I was
like she be really hard to talk about
that photo so it's really nice when
something happens that wouldn't have
happened and it was like you were saying
to me last night channel like it kind of
brought out all these memories that we
would have looked at the footage so I'll
remember that but it actually because
we're doing it for Canon it brought out
so much more and it didn't mix we
watched it together we were just like oh
I was like I love our life now but I
miss dating
it's an incredible prize so definitely a
different not folk to even just the
camera alone is such a nice prize I've
been you yeah well you need to be able
to talk about that basically we've got a
cannon one of the new kind of empires to
give away then we go and get it and I've
been flocking on it all week as well so
I can tell you like first times that
it's a really really great little camera
especially if you're into like rocking
or blogging or whatever this is the bad
boy here that you can actually win this
this week all the all the details are
down below in the description on how you
can go about winning this cannon outside
where we'll be changing we'll be using
this from now on I think for you're
dropping camera and we not have to get
that I think they might ask for it back
but I might just say I lost it details
on how to win that down below and the
amazing trip 365 days or just find a
really nice totally took one summer and
tagged Canon UK and on Instagram and I
think back and live for the story and
then in the description of your photo
just write down what's a teen whatever
do you mean - yeah where you are in your
life from white up photos
poignant for you get incredible prices I
think it's a really fun competition well
I love it today is I love going through
old photos anyway yeah I really enjoyed
this we because it was a hardcore I mean
I had to make Tuesday basically just
great and ice dancing on a rug over
there because and that was a whole
bidding for Tuesday because I'm so
behind on this I would be I won't be
able to get it up on time and everyone
to have a little time in the garden
I had a wolf oh great invite us going
for headshots and apparently in osmosis
she toddlers in the face of water and
never told me that
hey Ethel cool you have to train at
their level I just like complete
annihilation with the water already boxy
on him he just like the overhead shot
we're having a great little war to fight
and their daddy joy did it it would have
to care he wasn't happy with that thanks
so much for watching thanks can infer
sponsoring this week's video thanks a
partly with us thanks it will staying
around to the end I've got any blog
placing new video and hopefully one
below but Hollywood logo raver if you
want to check out all the links for the
competition down below good luck
entering
and three
you
