okay come with us game focus
hey there we go sweeper early in the
mortality of lock in the morning and
we've not slept anyway taxis outside so
we'll get a glass
good morning absolutely nice really nice
I did it
I'm not here
our flight is overbooked and the manor
Gables even fly out today because we
didn't check in area no morality and no
need to do that by family camp so now
we're just going to wait in the airport
hopefully if somebody other than Turner
they do all turn up then that we're
going back home we got to see it's weird
right
I'm actually celebrating the fact that I
paid from OC I booked it and now I feel
like it's a gift give actually get on
the plane these cheeky airlines over
booked their flights all the time you
big bunch of stealing oh my gosh I don't
even know how this vlog is going to work
but I'm in Marbella we are in a region
Isis or Xcode 20 Romano I think I've
just had coffee so high and we came to
stuff a little bit a couple to cheat I
just got inspired to like care out of
London and do something we're only here
for basically two and a half days but
yeah excited I think you look nice in
your y-fronts especially when you put
socks on is our babe I'm saying gosh
come on mm-hmm Vicki give your hand my
squirt to be fun
love you right now kind of cloudy but
it's a woman I really like it
nice exhausting this is in a good mood
mark you look like you're having a thing
tonight European music if you like to
sort of we did as I was appropriate
currently not exactly way brophy had a
couple of beers
oh yeah visually is what we I just had
eyes up see I ate my Michael what they
started if I had the ever Pardo
standards look at the plate like I I was
going to do that it's really that cool
artistic kind of picture my dinner but I
forgotten just about every subscriber
what you can't leave an empty tray but
it was good it was like a surrogate and
I seen a my potentially old one only two
of my specific by the exposure for their
face maximizes longest things whoa and
massive I did not expect them to be
happy
they look good yeah so this morning
we're about to go on a Nordic walk never
done that before so yeah we're off oh
this ten miles
maybe immediately almost up to watch
practically walk and breakfast and I'm
just bracing myself up for the day we're
going to hand rather pull gent so crazy
that when I know where I really like not
dress up like make effort this is my
outfit it's just a black bikini from a
sauce and then I've got these pants also
from Azoff and then I've got my life
bikini bottoms on the bottom and updates
highways it had the top but the top was
just all my gosh it was doing the
ultimate most I just love the way the
nose that can do it yeah anything I can
find a link in the description bar below
if you guys want to get holiday ready
like holding hands
there's a couple Z's mm another care
especially when you're online because
you just want to show how how in love
you oh my gosh we're so in love oh my
god oh my god never argue only just
loving each other
gosh he's always grabbing my bum okay my
gosh in like every day like a honeymoon
she just like comes and kisses me every
day lotion on my feet every day today
and if you do ask me to rub lotion on me
yeah but his fiancee driver and they
actually need the lotion things going to
go to the pool and I don't have a
spitter splash I'd also change my shorts
as I was pretty good about I was sure
I'm getting fat whether I think the
shorts have shrunk as I'm going to tell
myself or maybe both but they were very
crushing on the nether regions
so moving swiftly on the water nice
woman sweet just as basically just been
swimming around a given me some lessons
yeah right day what's right what's all
this we're working on my stroke coach
Trish has been teaching me thinking
technique 101 pretty person it was me
thank you yeah you know who you're by
I've done as you see as you can see I'm
like a professional Tanner whatever me
and I dream it I've been coming back
yeah Bernie you know really I've been
going wrong so much I didn't realize
I've been telling in a dark room or
standing in the shade yeah so that's
aiming to do
I'm really excited in the hotel they
have swans we swans that live here and
you look at these two here they've got
two eggs underneath them this to me is
like somehow really exciting
Wow
nice one ex1 got bite people we got bike
I love your standard face let's go
that's great
let's go all right right here on the
promenade we are flying down the
promenade Tricia aka Lewis Hamilton is
tearing ahead written our backs all the
way down here to do what's called the
old town young guys look proper like
picturesque the I don't know what these
are called that the flowery things on
this building palm trees should go to
the charge you cannot give it to the
church the church and they will come
back with some organic seeds members it
was like my hair at plan looking at this
shop here Florida quinella traditional
flamenco cosy supposedly Marbella is
where flamenco dancing originally it
formed it leaves our feet well I think
there's a arguments of where they think
that it came from but what the good sake
it came from here look how cute that be
so nice and green these are mics and
clubbing shoes especially especially
loves the ones that have the plastic
Elin
Oh at least two rows I'm going to get
one of these tours con chocolate right
we just get a choice on chocolate
Wow that was really quick the lady
started talking to in Spanish because
you thought you were Spanish if you just
don't look like oh I went a when or
British girl trying Spanish treats -
just got back for my cycle ride probably
it's quite long at you it may be like
probably right grid for over an hour now
school why we do favorite exercise I
know we don't use you this much anyway
we've got back to the hotel I was like
all the bicycles he was a bit hard
having a lot chasing Patricia said her
bombs bleeding all right here we go
looking fresh looking ready to go when
gold houses love it nice yeah I think I
read a blue shirt gray jeans and brown
she browses I'm not mad I'm not mad at
either actually while we weren't filming
Patricia was basically insulting my
choice of drink the cocktails came over
and Monte it way they create and guess
you start seeing my drink our dreams our
interest our drink all of a sudden it's
nice so it becomes ours yet the see
first we have literature's had the night
is like dinner drinks but we are
exhausted I feel like we have actually
just done a lot of activities in one day
let her kid this is my favorite part of
the day
Oh
