okay so I'm on the train on the way to
use them for the event I'm speaking at
is called she dares and I'm really
really excited slightly nervous I'm just
going through my notes at the moment I
put my notes on little flip cards to
cycle
remember the Merman you may kiss because
their mouth is gonna be there
they caught April I'm looking forward to
meeting like some fitness lady and
comments in the beador who is the
organizer so I'm just gonna be reading
my notes and then I shall be baby bear
I'm a fashion accessory I final pregnant
with twins and so it's a bit of a
shelter system that she'll the first
pregnancy and a girl's plan is not
always the same as what we see is
something that's so logical and if you
let go of something because we're like
that's the way the club's able to vent
or something into your hands because all
the arts words of beauty and in the end
of the day God would than the right
doors for you the right time and they
just know he will provide that village
to help you accomplish what you so
much.you to do
hey guys so the event is finishes
amazing I just found it
yeah well they think of the event oh it
was read election
I just finished the event Mackey was
amazing comer was amazing and we also
had April as well as fantastic event and
this is a lady now I'm sure
Mackey gave some great tips on how she
bounces everything with her business and
come and get some amazing tips on how to
succeed in whatever you aspire to do as
a woman thank you no say anything good
morning okay look like I know what the
word is but maybe like a musician was
something with this hat but it's one
loser
bad hair day so I'm trying to just keep
it all under here but yet today I am
heading out because I've got to take
Caleb to an appointment he's got his
immunizations that one that you do at
one here I'm just going fishing through
all these red books no actually no it's
real when you have three red books from
the UK you know what these are like the
health records and stuff so I've got
that and I feel like I haven't vlogged
in a few days I'm sure the last thing I
vlogged was an event I spoke out which
is a ton of fun but now it's back to
mommy life and I'm going through my
planner because that's pretty much how I
function people that have you organize
your life three kids I have a planner
now since in school it's like a ton of
newsletters and just telling me all
these upcoming things and I really want
to be as involved as I can I guess is
mom you know and working and just
showing the bounce around that so like
PTA meetings and all the upcoming events
and parents evenings and all that kind
of stuff is like getting real now it's
like a school mum and I definitely you
know kind of update you guys on how
that's going as well as twin settling in
school but for now it's it's been it's
been pretty intense but this week should
be a lot more fun for vlogging the twins
have their birthday party coming up
which I've been planning for a while
because I decided to invite pretty much
everyone from their reception class just
so I can get to know the moms and you
know these are completely new people for
the twins as well and there's some close
family friends as well so we've got that
coming up and also what else today
should be interesting as well because
I've got the kids dental appointment and
they're not seeing me they're gonna see
another okay that is actually my alarm
which is telling me that I need to go
out and that's pretty much how I try and
stay on top of everything because caleb
has an appointment now like I said so
he's got his one-year point of saying
he's headed to the doctor's that were
not late I've seen a bit
hello so we've just finished with
Caleb's appointment he just had this
vaccination and cuz I've done this quite
a few times I still get super super
emotion on each time because you know
this is going so happy and he's also
excited when they're Lucy's new people
and I knew he knew something was up when
I was like trying to hold him down and
they had about four injections and his
legs and oh it's it's always so describe
it I just get really emotional each time
they have to have it done by know it's
important and look they're fine
afterwards he's got a few places on his
leg as well so things to look out for
obviously things like you know just
feeling a little bit more tired see a
temperature as well he had the
temperature on his first vaccination but
he hasn't had one since beyond didn't
keep an eye out for that and how are you
doing buddy
you see I so quiet without the twins
just me and my baby me and Caleb trying
cause the twins actually at my mom's
because my cousin is there at the moment
so they haven't like a massive play date
in the house with their cousins as well
it's been kind of nice just having one
than one time my not so little man just
cry so so quickly
yeah so I'm just gonna head over there
I'm sure the car will be a lot louder
very very soon I just picked up to my
auntie oh my cousin Lee my cousin's
gonna come my auntie my cousins - I know
all right
and you see like this before but the
joys the seven seas aside without
picking up their twins who were right in
the back and they RKO'd all my kids are
asleep it's only okay so these are my
second cousins I could say and this is
little David and his little sister
comfort how do we know they're five and
nine Ramos
they've had a lot of fun playdate with
their cousins have you had fun with the
twins
yes do you like hanging out with them
are you excited to go back to school so
they're going today so they just pick
them up gonna take them to my I'll take
you to my mom and then consign I to my
mom and then they're gonna gun on
station you're heading back home
we'll see each other again soon maybe
Christmas at this rate yeah so we are
now we're a very special special gift
that's my cousin here so hey it's my
grandma now who's your favorite dentist
he's your favorite dentist yeah thanks
sweetheart
I think private guys and now it's
princess Olympia Stern
look Raymond
okay No
so it is what's at 36 minutes past
midnight and we all still awake because
Caleb just threw up all over the bed we
are closely peeping right now you just
throw up everywhere guys all over me all
over Sam's I've had to take off my top
pants I'm not showing myself right now
but at least you can see my bottom half
my leggings which are completely covered
in sick right now it's not a pretty
sight so I'm just gonna clear up this
area I just I quickly just vlog this
just let you knows well he is fine he's
downstairs with Sam so I'm just trying
to rock him back to sleep and settle him
because also he heals a little bit you
know overwhelmed with everything as we
all were it's just a 24-hour bug going
around he doesn't need to go into A&E
thankfully just because the fact is
another temperature may be symptoms like
that yeah so my current situation is
just cleaning the bed and so I can move
everything so up everywhere guys the
headboard the walls the table everything
joys of having white things but um yes
I've taken off all that and then when
I'll shine take him out of the room he
then sew up again all over the floor so
it's my current situation right now just
trying to clean the floor put some
baking powder down and I'm just spraying
it with a little bit of vinegar and
water and I'll work that in see if I can
take away the bulk of the stains so I
guess I'm just showing this because just
to show the reality of parenting life
guys that is not over these days is not
all always hashtag family life hashtag
family goals sometimes you don't sleep
sometimes kids get sick and then this
situation in both Sam and I have worked
as well especially samia's work in the
morning he breaks up extra early so he
breaks up at 5:00 for work and it's
ready midnight so it's probably only to
get about three hours sleep but yeah
like so this is I guess the reality of
parenting life we all go through it I'm
just in the clear this up and then we're
all gonna get back to it
I carry the sick ball around with us in
case he shows up again
hey guys so I'm caroling in the twins
room caleb is finally down for a nap and
well guys how they sounded pretty pretty
rough recently because they just thought
it would be something that passes by in
just like a 24-hour bug but it dragged
on for quite a bit and we're not going
to see the doctor any of the medication
because there's nothing too serious
I did question if it was to do with you
know Caleb recently having his
vaccinations and he said there is a
possible link between the two you can't
get those side effects when greatest out
of the vaccinations like the vomiting
and he has temperature as well but you
just assured this is something that will
pass pretty soon so we just keep an eye
on him and just let make sure he gets
the rest that he needs so you know the
entry mommy mode they thought okay baby
started and now this is time I can just
do all the castilian things on my to-do
list and then I just heard the Holy
Spirit sing Bibiana stop and I've heard
it's so clearly but then I was thinking
oh God you know I really need to just
get this stuff darling just shiny
reasonable God's about why he can't
spend time with him or they just never
never seems to be a good time I just
heard it again so I just stopped doing
pants and worship music grab my
scripture and just you know meditated
and I taped it on a few a few verses
just yeah give you that energy in that
strength you need and then one thing I
was also able to do is I've been trying
to study the book of Job recently and
I've actually finally able to finish it
today it seemed like the longest 42
chapters but it didn't take me too long
to just round it off today and I also
wanted to share with you some things I
learnt from it because it will put my
heart to go through this and I never
really knew why at first until you know
some things happen recently in our
family and our close circle of friends
we recently lost somebody very close to
us and we haven't had a loss like this
in a while and just I hold it together
because today's actually achieve a
funeral and then yeah it's just time to
feel a lot more real and so going
through this your life radiant before
I'm sure we all know the book of Job
this guy who's pretty much everything
that he's still
whose face it it really hit home the
message a lot better to me now
especially when you're going through
something yourself so I just wanna share
with you some of the things some of the
things all put my heart to share today
and I just really hope encourage someone
who's going through a similar season or
just know someone who's going through
something similar so I use this Bible
which is the NLT version and it was Jo
42 that really stuck out to me in the
last chapter verse 12 and it says so the
Lord blessed Jove in the second half is
life even more than in the beginning it
just says all the things like the world
bursting with and it reminds me of some
leverage in John before where Jesus says
you know in this life you will have many
Charles and tests and tribulations but
take heart for either from the world and
this just this beautiful message of the
fact that the truth is the fact that we
are going to go through things in life
life is not always perfect but you know
it's also a message of the fact that God
is such a great God is a God of
restoration I'm gonna round this off
real quick I just know I flew this
message it's for somebody if I want to
say you know God surely does care about
your story and what you're going through
is important to him and secondly you
know you may see your circumstance but
God's purpose his plan is so much bigger
and better than you I could ever ever
imagine so you know just don't don't
give up and the last thing I want to say
on this is the in life when situations
and circumstances are battling for our
hearts we must remember to fix our eyes
on the Lord and not on the situation and
not on the life of the enemy I believe
that in doing so will realize how
powerful he is and also just the fact
that nothing is beyond his control so
you hope that you tried to someone and
yeah we're about to head out I feel a
bit it's winter here this Ernestine so
you need to pick them up from school
pick them up every yes
because we have a feel today about very
very close family friends from the
situation where you feel like they were
taken too soon but I said we know we
know we know God knows best
sevens here hey baby so we are now
heading to the reception caleb is with
my mother-in-law Sam's mom at the moment
she we just came down from Nigeria
recently and we also got a call today
with some really exciting news my
brother and my sister-in-law in pretty
much in leave not my brother but my
sister must be much in labor right now
they're quite far away there's just an
intersection for a bit and then head
over to my brother I'm going to feed my
nephew so in silence really maybe
strange time right now I woke up this
morning no we just had and now I know we
have a few no
Oh
Mama's here hey it's the hospital to see
my sister-in-law Tama and me the baby
it's just a waiting game now
well I'm so funny she's hoping the baby
will come on her birthday because her
birthday September as well we want to
share with you G look like your
grandfather five children my baby you
got your baby
you have to cream to go your baby then
you better get bigger and bigger and
bigger
and the baby comes out not enough I
speak the birds and the bees chat again
we'll save the nasties for like you know
15 years
so we've had to leave the hospital
consumers it's progressing in their own
time baby boy is definitely taking his
time there his three time the kids are
getting a little bit Restless it's way
way past their bedtime and we still need
to get baby Caleb so they had tired of
them we will be seeing him very very
soon
I'll smoke with never see her
you stole my heart what is it that you
do
my life was great
you added colors
very good mood today very excited since
it's been a very busy week I should
probably be quite exhausted right now
and how long this vlog is gonna be but
this is the last event which is going to
be my baby so I guess it's not really
babies anymore but the kids birthday
parties
which I've been planning for quite a
while my party's is actually quite
intense kids birthday parties so what
we're doing is is the twins 4th birthday
party and been a lot of cheeky as
walkers I've kind of combined it with
Caleb's as well I know ok I've actually
turned in one two months before the
twins so this is a very belated birthday
party but we did do something for him
something very small just a small family
gathering and then I was going to
transfer to album for their first
birthday party I was like it was almost
like a mini wedding we did for those
kids I don't know if it's you know the
whole idea cuz you know wait you're
about and having twins and also our
first pregnancy and everyone just just
contributed and helped out was just
planning the event so it just ended up
being a lot bigger more extravagant like
it ever imagined for a kid's birthday
party and I just thought to myself okay
Lib you know third child problems where
he's gonna have such a small event for
his so we kind of just thought it would
be a good idea to combine those there
birthday parties
so I did was I just hide that this
building was soft play and got kids
entertaining that and face painter a
little bit of decoration and voila you
have the makings for kids just run
around and have fun and get exhausted
and hopefully sleep afterwards so I just
want to show you the kids outfits so
this is no:1 Caleb's tops and I went for
the matchy matchy thing lately I just
become pretty obsessed with making Caleb
and Noah match it's just been so much
fun even down to the jeans even though
these actually from different shops as
well I think this next then since we saw
something they're actually quite similar
so I just need to iron those and then
this is Olivia's she wanted a dress of
course even though she's worn this dress
quite a few times she insisted that she
wanted to wear it again so I was like
it's your birthday wear whatever you
want
saves me having to buy a new one and
then this is mine I'm just gonna wear em
this and carrot op which I really love
see I'm just really excited about that
got a lot of their school friends coming
so just be great to me some new friends
for them and meet some of the new mums
and then our family's coming sounds
parents are going to be there my parents
gonna be there a lot of our siblings
gonna be there obviously except for my
brother and he
wife and their new baby but they're
doing so well I'm just really really
happy and excited for them it's just the
safe delivery are too good you know and
I love it I love just being an auntie so
next thing I'm going to do is comment of
the week and that goes to Tammy Kay and
she says you're such inspiration or
thank you to me you may have mentioned
it but how much time do you spend daily
weekly doing homeschooling they're going
to be head of the pack when they start
school
so this based off our previous video
where we shows you some homeschool
activities we've been doing for the
twins spending about 10 minutes daily
and we do have like a structure to it so
they know there's a specific time of the
day they are gonna do some homeschooling
activities and it doesn't have to be you
know just reading a textbook like I
showed you in the videos is those
interactive stuff it can be playing with
the blocks it can be playing with letter
cards just so it's a little bit more
engaging especially for very young
children like turns I've been doing this
for quite a while as well and it's nice
because considering they are the
youngest in their year it's kind of nice
to see that they're really quite
confident in that area when it comes to
reading and writing so I hope that helps
and answers that question I will
probably try and do more detailed
homeschooling videos as well especially
with Caleb who's only one but we're
doing a few exercises with him as well
so I'm gonna get all these clothes
ironed because we need to get ready and
head out for the kids birthday party
it's gonna be turn up
Oh
hey guys we are back from the party and
my sister love is here hey she is with
my nephew haha party a week like a
gazelle say I'm gonna do like a fight
with it
yeah have the on the naming ceremony day
I fucked that day no we're both sitting
on the floor holding them I'm gonna
throw back hope you can check it out oh
we have some guests with us this is
Elijah and baby boy Izuru as me and
Kayla
new mummies
thank you and mas here and she's making
fried rice oh that looks so good mommy
it's amazing no can you like you got my
food and we got some chicken going as
well yeah we should do some furniture
basically I was a kids party so they
just had like sandwiches and stuff and I
think my parents are like hey grandma
how do you feel about your baby's
turning 4 you have fun ok let's print
one since just one there all right let's
go guys let's open these gifts you have
a good time
look at your face painting what did you
get
it's like a dragon let me let me see
what you got well I like it
so the terms are just now gonna open all
their gifts well this is some of them
and yeah we'll open them together but
mommy just needs to write down who all
your gifts are from so you know we can
say thank you to everyone who got you
something ok that's auntie ok let's go
through them so we make sure we know who
got you what
I want to use a really nice
that is really amazing it's fine that he
have to write that down and know your
game
