good afternoon everybody I know it looks
like I'm vlogging in the middle of the
road and I guess I kind of bound by
Morton arm on Regent Street we've the
readers we had a part that kind of runs
down the middle of it in between the two
directors traffic's very weird anyway as
much of your boss as you can see and the
reason flat is because you go boss
applying the out to New York City in a
few days time I need to get 50 for it so
I am going to see the spring-summer she
doesn't 18 menswear collection we're
sitting front row what's in the clothes
go by but also I'm hosting a live stream
for them to ibecause we do your
celebrity turn up I've been going
backstage after that the all the inner
workings all that the cyber the drama
that happened afterward I can't go in
these photos I have to be bossed up so
let's go get everything okay market
forces I'm in New York I think five days
and one no name is most troubling
obviously got the show about DNS or to
form world of spines and I've actually
bought into the special VIP lounge round
the back the creep is dressing before or
the glamour Awards and both because
neither proud others grain to very to
the whole the whole kind of ethos behind
the show is like summer being really
anything so kind of things really in the
conservative like a knife King linen
suit super easy to kill leadership I
will have shoes on for us on play now
night
good morning and welcome to New York
City so if you have offers that be in a
really cool hotel is called the Beekman
and it's in Tribeca area and it's
amazing now I'm gonna give you a quick
tour of my room but what's really cool
is the rest of her time I'll show you
that as well just a reminder I'm here
with my wife and we just arrived
yesterday and haven't really taught
ourselves out yet and it's quite messy
all right she's gone off to the gym to
workout so I'll show you now walking
around but it's a bit it's not at the
standards I've liked keeping it anyway
so here's my stuff over here I'm quite
neat inside as you can see I'm perhaps
some things and I sort of just put them
in orders of trousers t-shirts shirts in
order Khan however has just done this
and it made a big mess here we have the
remnants of my breakfast and a bunch of
stuff from Tom's handbag here's the bed
I love you barking through here with two
sinks on her thinking a hit sink and
then two mirrors too and then here we
have a very nice shower now this way we
have a full-length mirror and this is
what I'm wearing obviously head-to-toe
Hugo Boss today is what's today today is
the day where I'm doing like a teaser
video to get people interested in the
live stream so I think we're going to
film on the beach those men have tried a
beach I think we're going to start on
the beach somewhere
and then we go into the store and you
see me get fitted and stuff but
basically quicker I get a teaser for
people to show you before the livestream
happens so they've been going to get in
for life here and know where I'm going
to be best so I'll do some behind the
scenes pub start but here is my look
this is entirely Hugo Boss obviously so
a really deep v-neck here which I'm
really digging and then a striped shirt
under it left all on Clark's plan
together slightly more relaxed vibe like
I said before the whole and ethos the
whole fort behind and the new
spring/summer 18 collection is like the
ease of Sun on it and something really
really easy so things like going on tux
and like undoing your buttons I've got
some shorts that kind of match my jumper
really well and also kind of complement
these shirts as well and then these
shoes are really nice basic white simple
type things with a nice and sort of
brownie orange and long bottom and I'm
ready to go right let me show you this
how super cork will help my door have I
got everything keys sunglasses wallet
yes I'm think I'm good phone come here
this way then we go down here I'll check
this out I think there's like 10 floors
and there's a big opening in the middle
so that's upwards on floor six I think
seven eight of nine floors okay no I'm
for that sky and look down here how
amazing is that so down the bottom is
like a restaurant and bar type area
I actually popped today yesterday having
a chat with Georgia from gleamings here
with me and I was no away cash I was
really jet-lagged and we're having a
talk through what's happening on this
trip and what I need to do that by bus
and I was just like whoa huh but I
remember being beautiful anyway forget
this day going shall we so it sounds
like there isn't a beach in Manhattan I
think it's just a miscommunication a
theme a German obviously knew about his
immigrant and they said seaside which I
think they meant waterfront and when I
conceived diagonal beach so the water
table fitness peaceful day so we're
going to London miss having a lovely
morning so far I have to say if not
sweater weather
it's like 26 very warm but it looks
great and I'm in the really nice part of
the world so just up here so I look like
a hop beat steps over that way somewhere
was where one day on the helicopter tour
around the whole of Manhattan it's
really cool so bring about memories
actually I love Duggal such a confident
when what is like this is beautiful
actually these guys the crew must
approve it usually when I'm doing this
sort of thing we have like read take
shots a million times with these kinds
of absolute Pro so loving life we had a
drone out as well the dry start running
our battery and put this thing returns
to home it's running out of battery and
they started over there so the strangers
are is Darwin see ya so that she was
accrued let's just run after it to go
and catch it but hey having a lovely day
so far
really bad that every weapon becomes
with me I happiness on the entire time
now I said no one can share my stay in a
real debrie around the party they really
push off to his road the kind of group
are then the joy movie Gaiden went into
awesome hiya come back in my room now
has got the be like two o'clock in the
afternoon I think so we only have had
half a day filming today we had the
morning up until the early afternoon we
did all the location stuff that you saw
then went on it went into the flagship
Hugo Boss saw and did a few more shots
there and then I grabbed some sushi - a
lot of sushi in fact and from whole food
sushi one sushi two chopsticks in there
- I'm now going to eat everything as I'm
absolutely starving let's do a workout
in fact because the jetlag I'm okay at
the moment but I've got two hours I
reckon pull and jetlag really kicks in
and I get sleepy so with your workout
now and and then just kind of hang and
is it worth in the room before going up
at dinner this evening so I don't think
I'm going to take you to my workout so
it's getting really twisted in fact I
might stop filming today now because I'm
making this into one video so obviously
there's traveling here and today and the
actual show and everything so I might
just stop today right now and to shower
and well because I'm very expected you
want our stuff I think I'll shower after
a workout there's no point in Florida
anyway see you in a bit Hogan afternoon
so I've got most of the day to kill
which is lovely about an event tonight
it's like a really intimate dinner
because it's so intimate and I'm not
going to take my camera I'm not sure
who's going to be there and
or film things so for most ancient kills
this morning I woke up for earlier did
Pilates now plus it is digital I never
really know before I had one go my
personal trainer Joffrey better over
time
he has mark a performer who's like the
Machine you can get on it's basically
all about aligning and strengthening you
must work worth a lot of exercises are
all about contracting it was about kind
of lengthening out and I'm not very
stretchy and it's mostly for bass and oh
my god you're nagging me but really good
I know that are going to be I'm gonna be
a lot of pain all my like a bleep
subside I'm kidding you're ready yeah
really good has breakfast it isn't work
on my laptop and now the Ripper wanna
get food and the well guess who's I'm
relative so
that's to fish off wonderful thing and
all I've had in Turkish miracle very
heavily right there on our way to lunch
we were decide to walk because due to
everything Tom said it was a half an
hour walk okay look into that lovely
we've been walking for 15 minutes so far
and it still staying with 40 minutes to
go
I am starving and then Richard is just
subtly in conversation just say no if
you want to get any we can so it was
quite a way to go we matched it and we
still got like 45 minutes but now we're
already kind of on the roll so we're
just going to keep walking I might have
to go a shade yeah I'm already read bit
well ours is early as we get dude I
think I was about to film my food in the
end I think partly because I was just
writing project focus my blog but I
think I was so in my hangar zone I
didn't want talked when you want to do
anything so I just like I jumped it all
my face really good with a pencil
Santina which does sort of like Italian
food but sort of coastal Italians or
like they do are in the amount eCos
wonderful thing you have so I had a
really beautiful calamari salad with
rice to make rubbings
and now I'm full it just gives a bit
more energy which I think I'm going to
need your car now off this forum I'm
trying to make my makeup done so very
bad for hotel now today is shown by
which has been on with your walking
basically all day planted in water this
morning walk back did a bit like me off
any office in the downstairs area of the
hotel then walked all that work on
hunting all the way back again and now
it's like five o'clock I have to go
again at 7:45 I'm going to block our
also just a chilled so I get ready
okie-dokie them everybody time to head
out to dinner
this suit is really really nice it's
hard to see in this light but you saw at
the beginning of this video and how my
campaigns in London it's just a really
gifted cat Navy double-breasted suit
with peak lapels and it's lovely I'm
sorry not to go to the tie or pocket
square to kind of cash it down a bit and
also boiling outside it didn't wanna as
complicated too much here you can see in
this mirror the mirror is a bit dark and
poverty but I kind of have my
and trans got a bit shorter just to get
it and come out because it's something
anyway like I said I'm not going to take
you guys to the party with me cuz
apparently very into much this event and
so I feel like me suddenly talking to a
camera might kind of ruin that intimate
by a little bit so I guess I'll see you
tomorrow when all the actual happens a
bit nervous actually I'm doing me I'm
posting a live show and I haven't had a
run-through yet I think I have a
run-through tomorrow morning so I know
kind of how these things happen and I've
done live things a million times before
I used to do a lot of red carpet for
films and things like that and the
premiere do stuff and I haven't done
them for a while just because I haven't
had a time to do this because also going
to take rehearsal and all that stuff and
I haven't been able to find that time to
do it so I'm a bit I'm done one for a
wee while
you know this alternative election with
Joan casters and that was Christmas plan
I think but I've got other live things
it's a nice thing for Mercedes not long
ago and you know I'm alright as ever
doing it for a while and Alec I know I'm
doing but I do get nervous before hand
I'm also going to be into doing lots of
celebrity apparently I've been given a
headshot list basically you know faces
and Alexander Skarsgard there Chris and
Chris Hemsworth there who are five or
six major a-list who's which is fine I
don't get nervous about that bit so much
is just one get nervous about holding
the whole thing together basically this
whole ice cream you know hinges on me
I'm the guy you know making sure things
run smoothly and the next thing leads on
to the next thing and then I you know
it's a lot to think about so I think I'm
going to early night tonight make sure
I'm on good form tomorrow anyway I will
see you tomorrow um yeah do tomorrow
good morning so Tuesday today today the
time is about 8 a.m. open up for a while
because actually like it was not ready
and also before I do things on it so
would get bit no that's the struggle to
sleep so I got like six and
running things through my head and stuff
and I'm here at the door behind me the
showing of the starts are like one but I
think we've got a few things to film and
we go live like a couple hours before
the show get people ready and then show
happen and as I've been after the show
too so I hope you've done by like two
which because I know that I'm going to
be starving but I never eat gonna do
these things I get too nervous and it's
so much adrenaline running and then
suddenly I start crashing so I'm
thinking about to it and I'm going like
eat a burger accompany them feel great
right let's do it
okay so I'm at the venue it's very early
I would use not many people here but
it'll look come on whoa watch it might
be deafening
so we're in place called Olson market
which I don't know what it is not New
York but I'm it's a big building and
it's a really cool - you are shot the
other day where you thought sort of in
your in my jumper the show you over
there appeared through that window then
anyway so what can you want me to say
did you come up here but you see big
cube robot that and then you come around
this way and there's another one there
and then you walk through this is a big
big I have you seen a catwalk this side
in all my time doing flashing things
here we have the camera crew and
everything you'll be filming a whole
thing over lights as a be more people
than I think the catwalk goes right down
there and then it goes right that there
left and right down again now in London
I reckon the capital 12 out 3/4 the
length this straight in the first thing
what happened is the models walk along
catwalk come around the corner and then
I go out this door here and walk the
whole way along the outside - it's
really cool setup so I'm it's funny
whenever I come around by backstage and
behind the themes or Basinger way the
made an hour last minute everything is
maybe saying up the chairs now think
nothing nothing's ready yet but it will
be you've got a few hours yet and it
means remarkably calm back going
backstage now I'll show you
there's not many people there everyone
knows that what it's doing it's really
to your house expecting four models and
madness and mayhem and you know people
running around like that surely everyone
just knows their jobs and they're
getting on with it massive taking the
ages to walk in and I'm either walking
it like really relaxed I'm not actually
you know trying to hold everything in
and look like I'm a model and being all
sexy stuff so for the model though much
is quite nerve-racking you know I walked
without saying about a plastic mug do
and there's a very short nap so you get
nothing realer generally but this I
think people are not kinda chilly about
them wearing off become aware what's
going on to the big screen here and you
come backstage it shows what's going on
here we have a wall I think we're all
the most occasions in that Henty area
there but I my makeup now is also
Templar and green room and then back
here these rails are going to be where
the looks are and you've got loads of
people doing their job loads of makeup
stand here so I get all the model get
their makeups done and then obviously
all team boss over there- is doing that
thing it's getting with you we are to
mine
to our Georgia okay you say two hours
our clothes are being unpacked models
are getting it models of really
attractive I always liked Midori ugly
and all those are all having their hair
makeup done still remarkably calm in
here I think our mission is impossible I
think that made a lot of show you never
have I ever want to ruin this muscle
face so I think because of the columns
if people are coming for location show
so yeah so far so moves I've been given
a drone login old lens drugs I've never
flown a drone before and I let it go
before I'm not very good and and it's
like really expensive and they want to
meet like champion charlo terrifying but
I think that's right didn't crash it
good I did at one point kind of take it
off the edge of the building by accident
and then are we like quite a few thought
oh my god I drop it now because it goes
I see and plan there it's half the good
do you think is a lot complete the game
we go up down left and right you've got
like safety you can move that around you
can turn left and right you can do up
and down and forward or backwards and
all those things combined give you like
a whole cream
sixteen men their rehearsals are just
starting but be quick we're going to
miss things there's not loads of look
essentially is happening now in order to
coming out in the same t-shirt just like
continuity positive and not so sort
through any of it of now
I'm going to follow this guy you gotta
look straight ahead and be aggressive
basically look Rudy
I'm quite intentional there's only a few
people watching rehearsals but already
that you know I've got my heart going
okay everybody I haven't spy for you
guys behind that curtain right there
it's Creek Templar he's just learning
out to the face of boss bottled we're
going to put chat so well follow me
hello how are you I'm Jim very long I
see your must fuller oh yeah yeah you
too you must all they were very much
sold I believe congratulations are in
order you just announced as the place of
box bottles right I have yeah thank you
yeah I mean I'd love to know that you
come on thank you well it's you know you
can be the voice next year I try I try
to show another start real soon as you
can see behind me all the lot of the
lining up for there and you need order
and everything and a photographer's are
all they're going to need I just have to
go in front of the whole thing move out
don't we face book they can store but
deliver a few line for Tamara never had
walked past yes because suddenly you've
got models with the or penalized sexy a
moody behind me the club was environment
but might hunger through there punch
people getting annoying making some sort
of flat holding the whole thing up but I
put it out I test it would sign that
stuff off see well yes nearly time to go
now I didn't pretend like two nice guys
have long with him from the video and if
you buy loads of people
he's the new face of fragrance it's a
very nice individual
her stay will head in the moon it will
have I know y'all storm line up again
across
Mina
the road
to thy rich
come on if the show done it's really
lovely
very elegant music was very they're
really speed not often because none of
my quite hands with it get out and I'll
get out the quite nice and face now and
underground and walk behind your mouth I
was very lovely and now pretty much
finished the live show after few quick
interview the people
Mustard's people with fourth-degree
management even run things anyone is
still remaining on our chat when I
worked or done the Inka Germany
responsibly and that is a wrap everybody
it's so warm here like really really
knew it at laughs it was actually hit
the challenge if we were outside doing
interviews it's like a and growth but
successful ever was really lovely to
talk to do ever really like to show
goose because it would've been talkin
about a scam I got the show or the key
yet massive things that people off
happening here that's such an amazing
trip and also had a few days to kill on
my own time - usually when I'm out there
working or out summer one thing I'm in a
work by home but I've had a bit time
kill it's been lovely so hope you
enjoyed this video thanks again and I
can see very things like
