hi everyone welcome back to the channel
so today is really exciting because
we're on our way to Sun City
I have so much makers on this to work
and not meetup is at 2 p.m. today it's
currently Wells p.m. just got picked up
in our Abby Lee Morgan Stanley really
excited feel and we thought we'd look
today because I think I've resolved
every summer in the city the shadow
between claw claw ah how many 50 was
like 7 6 2013 some sleepy yes in some
cities the last five years crazy five
years and we've never knew they have
sandy Lupe's better yes you don't want
any was a good year I vlog from that
even as you live anymore because it's
really it's very funny every time I come
back on camera my hair is like this
completely different color every single
time I sure you like the kind of moment
it's cool medium like silvery purple
it's right in the froze my be career
before to show you all my phone sticker
I've actually ordered a phone case but I
have imagined come yet so I decided to
get this book oh god don't ask me and I
decide to get this phone sticker for
pictures of Chad Michael Murray's this
I'm so sorry Lee don't care I also want
to show you my lock screen as well you
can't really see through all the cracks
but to absolute favorites my makeups are
goes from like 0 to 100 so like don't
wear any like all of this week I haven't
worn any makeup and then when I decide
to wear makeup and then goes like night
out but we don't patterning yeah we
don't have it in between for one wearing
must've lashes coral lips
a lot of highlighter looking very well
no Lucy's not seeing a loose leash got
sore throat but I'm going to get through
it yeah various all through the only
stressful thing about when you get that
fell because you just don't know where
to go it's so big but yeah going to some
tunes you guys input it so my favorite
750 trends I've done burn yes girl I was
saying my parents something city trend
or outfit I've done dinner whether any
to remember but I wore one year 2014 one
year I wore this denim jumpsuit and I
will like feather accessories with its
really tried to like we played I look
today with a 2017 take on it with
feathers I just ate of Java suit and I
was so funny because the denim jumpsuit
I wore I remember seeing it's really
important I've ever seen carry wear it
and when I found out the name of a
source I was like I'm gonna have to get
it so you have to know through enough
capsule
you know to because so much is such a
song oh it's a really proud I can't
explain it but like I mean it already
yeah cuz like they are literally they're
happy can't look away and always have a
part we always general I don't know if I
should see you get a clip right now just
and find the wall and relax these guys
on island it up see you guys can speak
for yourself if you do write in the
comments and play and then wasn't
canceled it better cause you like the
videos we've it nervous
oh thank you so much me thank you this
is really the best job I've ever seen in
my life
do you like my brain sir happiest
moments of my life I'm going to be
firing a Scott 23 shirt
Oh
we just did on meet an amazing anything
my mom and I mom liked the more life
okay so now to talk about the excel is
so much me all of you saying like using
are we sitting back and was lugging the
plum I not hold up
look at me dog why anything come on I'm
going behind Chinese person so my
camera's Melanie situation and so yeah
as I say we're now looking to get a taxi
we are going to exhaust are hardly able
for you to see their information anyway
last useful song when sign maker here
with every finger we have just been
filming a few videos which should be on
our channel next week okay we've
literally chatted that hours we have but
we do that anyway but we didn't ever
film it yes that sizing that we are
going to try do more office yeah make
sure that we film and capture more of
our moments together I guess yeah we
don't do that enough I feel like we get
too caught up in the moment
and we have yet no matter you have no
any picture like that kind of what's
happened with this vlog
we've been filming and we forgot to
actually fog but moon a nice thing we
really have we want to know about the
weather
but it's been a really nice days I'm
going to show you how to live in there
it's awful we wanted to go out and take
those of Instagram but we're going to do
that because the weather has poured
around rain all day
our makeup will also be on rependa
channels to filmmakers not a finer
attitude Marie okay and we saw like a
chance to get ready Harvey what that was
it right yeah it is for some yeah
it oh yes substitute how miserable it is
today it's so rainy ah maybe you just
love this time variation so repinned is
now left us which is really sad we love
spending time with Lucinda I just wanted
to speak really quickly about some fifty
because it was so amazing to see so many
of you again and meet so many of you and
like see familiar faces and there's no
fun yeah it was fun like there's so many
of you became from Mesa high society
boys husband yeah yeah so we just want
to say the biggest magnitude for
everyone that came from meetup everyone
that came over and said hello to us 750
and for all the pictures and all our
messes thank you so much to all of you
guys that gave us message that our
meetup as well all the letters are
actually at the gleam office such as we
went for something such a party after
that we do want to leave them anywhere
so they are safe we haven't read them
yet they are safe at grieve office going
to pick them up this week just want to
say thank you so much for always support
math always being there for us and
always like making our day and making us
feel re happy impulsive and it which has
certainly seen so many familiar faces as
well and I don't know it's really really
nice to thank you to everyone that came
over waited so long gryzzl to be luci
speech at Qalat we hope that all these
guys went from A to Z had the most
amazing weekend and hopefully made some
friends as well because I remember when
we rink use is some 150 in 2013 we make
so many friends anyway another update
we're also going through hello world
I'll leave a link down below because
that's in October so I'm going to sign
off from the camera now and we'll see
you Tory right
I apply mat so it's now Thursday me and
Lucy had too soon for a swim it was
really nice which one go swimming like
every single day your shore house can be
next week because we're really busy next
week so we're going to try and fit in
but I was just editing this vlog and it
didn't really have an ending so I
thought I'd end it now if you guys
always ask us what music we're loving if
you follow our Spotify which is just
loose familiar it will tell you our
favorite tunes and music we're loving we
also have an amazing Gavin DeGraw
playlist we have a party playlist we
have our top 20 player yes you like the
same economy that will we like then
definitely head over to us fine also we
have a new video coming on Sunday so
make sure you watch that so we'll see
you guys facing also don't forget to
subscribe and hit that thumbs up button
bye
