good morning guys so today is February
2nd which means that it is moving day
I'm so excited I was up super early
it is currently 8:40 right now and the
movers are coming in between ninety nine
thirty my mom's coming hopefully she
cheer before them because I hate talking
to people I'm about to put Louis stuff
in the bathroom and clean his litter box
so that I'm going to put you here while
I put lip balm on so that doesn't get
scared because you hate people so I'm
going to stay in the bathroom while they
move and then I know just pack a little
bit more stuff up this is all kitchen
stuff got all the boxes so I'm about to
go to my car and fill up my car all this
stuff which I want to put in the car
feels like silly breakable but yeah I
will update you guys in a little bit
that's happening I'm very excited I
don't feel like it's real don't feel
like I'm going to move to a house sorry
I blog really badly like I always cut it
off here I'm going to try to be better
at that Scott Servais for breakfast
toast mates yes let's see where Louie is
he probably has the bed because he's
scared he's like what is happening what
Barry he's very confused
are you okay over here
Louie is in a bathroom away from members
within a litter box here trying to be
very many cottage food yes
dojin um we we got here this is what
it's looking like
mom yeah say hi hi hey mom got so many
compliments in the comments last time
shoes yes maitre de force more phone all
right guys so I am headed to the bank
real quick they're still moving some
stuff so that truck is right there
actually
okay I need to pay attention I'm headed
to the bank to get money for the movers
and actually see me that's going to come
clean me apartment so I'm going to do
that real quick and yeah they're doing
it real fast like you guys have the
opportunity to get some movers
I would highly recommend it to cuz I
just make life so much easier and I
totally clocked Alicia and use the same
movers that she did Chad super excited
I don't know I'll stay I guess they talk
about like excited to like be going to
my house so like it doesn't seem real to
me I already told you that but I really
I just don't believe that it's like real
it's like a big deal like it doesn't
seem real me that's I don't know how to
say it
okay I'm going to stop talking let's
crash the corner so I love you watch me
get dad oh thank you that's good boy
I need my tripod
you
so st or euler researchers empty
everybody and it goes to I'm hoping you
got your new ok - ok ok yeah ok you
ready to go are you ready to tell got
all your stuff you excited to be in your
house he's very confused ok doesn't last
of it we're going to leave now
so empty so echoey whoa he's so scared
we're here ummm yes to do is love and
there's your remote and halo gave me
these things don't see one
look guys I brought Louie his little
house he hasn't left it like he does not
haha
near the windows he in the get side huh
he's so scared he's not liking it he
even scratched me I'm kiddin leave there
we go oh he hasn't eaten anything today
okay so basically our furnitures here
but we're getting a new bed frame and so
basically only have a mattress right now
because we ordered this mattress in a
box and so we're probably going to be
sleeping on the floor with no like bed
frame for like a long time because it
takes forever the JumpShip best brains
so right now if you have the sun bucks
with a lion on it so we're going to set
it up so that we have somewhere to sleep
and I love these mattresses in a box
they just they're like the perfect like
like firmness you know the not yourself
not too firm and they're so cool they
just like come to your house in a box
we are upgrading to a king size what
what we should have got California king
would that have been so big I've never
had my own like king size but it's like
a hotel
got all new bedding for it but not like
the sheets we have no heats for it so
this is gonna be a little weird but yeah
we ordered from lo look at their box
it's like so standing for lowly okay
let's open her up
open her right up it like expands like
how is the king-size matches in this
right now pray oh my god look at the
closets come along my phone went up
you're like all day
I'm gonna like fold it in half you're
crazy
yeah well it makes a noise
wait it makes a cool noise can you hear
that
let's push it more where it's going to
go yeah how is that being nice it looks
so big already with the head damn wow
this is so efficient I recommend getting
a mattress in a box sweet it's going to
like expand apparently for the next like
2 to 5 hours so we shouldn't go on it
I don't think all I wish we had like a
cute headboard and like another one of
those things but I can't find even yeah
is next problem what's the problem we
got with the TV this TV goes here okay
PS I will put a discount code down below
for y'all $50 off but what the TV goes
here yeah I think the problem is no no Q
let's go get food and a TV and here at
Best Buy looking at the TVs because we
want to have like a Super Bowl thing
with squad and there's so many options
I think involved and we're going for
65-inch which is pretty big but there's
a lot of space so I hopefully it looks
like big enough this is the one I think
we're getting the whole story hopefully
it works
trying to find a mouse
hey guys I just remembered I did not end
this vlog so here I am ending the vlog
and I also just wanted to say because I
uploaded the vlog before this and a lot
of you guys were commenting things
wondering why Alex wasn't vlogging as
much as he usually does and I'm going to
be honest it is because of some of the
comments we got from our one of our
videos and they were they just really
got to him and I don't think that people
really realize that the comments do
affect us a lot and we take them to
heart and when there's a lot of
negativity it really really gets
especially to Alex cookie is a super
sensitive and emotional person which you
guys might not know but if I see a
negative comment I try to block it out
and all Louise Louise Malik I try to
block it out sometimes it's hard but for
Alex since he is also newer to it it's a
little harder for him and so a lot of it
got to him and so he hasn't been in the
mood to vlog and I totally understand it
does kind of sucks because this is like
an exciting time we just moved into this
house and you know we wants to vlog a
lot and I'm trying to do that but it's
not as fun without Alex so if you guys
want to leave him love in the comments
and tell him I know a lot of you guys
said that they were like missing Alex in
the blog too I just wanted to clarify
everything so let him know you'll all
love him because he needs some
motivation because those comments
really just did not sit well with him
because he really took them the heart so
anyway I think that's it I hope you guys
like this moving vlog and I've been
vlogging quite a bit in the new house
it's only been like a day but get ready
for lots of vlogs sorry if they've been
a little late
also because
um sorry my hair's a walk right now
sorry they've been a little late because
we just got Wi-Fi
so that's all set up now and yeah so I
love you guys and we'll see you in the
next vlog
