we're talking about youtubers and myself
a nation with youtubers I freely admit
I'm quite old actually to get into this
powerful energy it is an art form the
way I got into it was by following a
family who make absolutely stunning and
film about their life and they just
popped me in and it is Steph his wife
Hannah and their little son Grayson so
I've been watching it for so long I've
actually seen little coastal growing up
and I felt up I knew their flag I knew
every inch I'm you know daily routine it
was really weird if they would have
hooked me in they film or everything
about their lives and it's quite
generous because we the anonymous
viewers get to see how they live and as
I say it for me and they're done with
themselves nobody's helped them certain
some of them self and see of their life
playing out how to get people or an
awful they realize
you
we have you guys are amazing and toes my
life now this is a lot I just thought
I'd make this short thing
and today is I'm going to call cool Toby
see how he's like basically honestly
like I saw a couple of them Instagram
stories that he did and he's like he's a
different kid like he's a different guy
meaning like compared to how we first
saw it
now he's just I got this new YouTube
like I'm so happy for it what about you
match them video online enemy film yeah
you in the filming mood to be honest I
would quite like to get into that
election that's next I might try and do
that tomorrow kind of so hard his even
activities in photography I feel like
I'm not using my kind one enough can I
give you a my a random fact about
Netflix but they actually run a little
massive loss they're like goober they
were billions loss they must be big as I
do but they are massively like running a
deficit so so alike all these big
companies you see everything's winter
they've run out a massive loss excuse
loss like we're talking billions even a
thoughts that we do make all plums
calling hey mom
step you made spring/summer it is such a
technophobe all right all right
I really tell you a little story
when I was back 13 my mum that my sister
and I all moved to Ireland and we lived
in this tiny remote little village it
had a population of about 800 803 when
my mum and my sister and I arrived it
had one tiny shop at church and about
300 pubs Irish people tend to like to
drink quite a lot that's not me being a
racist saying that that's a fact Irish
just do tend to drink quite a lot so
many of you lift hard snow flakes again
offended by that go to Ireland and
you'll see for yourself they drink a lot
out there a lot as you say this somehow
fire if someone had to say this stuff
but you can't say it if you're not half
Irish anyway the place we lived was
somewhere called round wood and it was
in the middle of the Wicklow Mountains
there was absolutely nothing for me to
do there the only thing I did was set
fire to things that was about it
and then one day a friend of mine from
England came over one of my childhood
friends called car they came over with
his family and Carl brought with him a
bunch of CDs of bands that he was
listening to he spilled them out on my
floor in my bedroom and there was two
particular bands that when it would end
up affecting
pretty much some god to fit the rest of
my life those two bands were Nirvana and
untold jung-ho Jam the album 10 is still
to this day probably my favorite album
this is my birth pool which I'm planning
on having baby Mitchell at number 2 in
down here I have a hose that is going to
be connected to obviously the tap
upstairs and we just need to set up like
a little table and chairs for the
midwives as like some snaps and things
on and get like an area where and they
can check the baby afterwards and stuff
and I have a box here that has all of my
life stuff ready to go so I've got like
plastic sheeting for the floor away I've
got puppy pads I've got an old shower
pattern as what I find attachment we've
got birthing ball bin bags v torch
mirror towels for me how's the baby
changing mat so all I need to do now is
basically to bring mine and the
babies hospital bags down here so it's
got clothes to put on afterwards but ya
can't reduce me to grunge music and what
grunge music did is it reached into all
this teenage angst
and this frustration and this isolation
I suppose I felt and it kind of made it
feel a little bit more acceptable a bit
more habitual it just made it not seem
like I was the only kid going through
this crap I think when you're younger
you're trying to find yourself you go
through all kinds of crap in your head
this new grunge music was just a way for
me to channel all of this channel this
shit I was dealing with through I
suppose I'm really really really really
hoping that it will work felt the way I
want and we get to do at home I was so
lucky with my birth with Grayson like it
literally went exactly to my birth plan
the music affected me so much that it
just made me want to be in musician I
was like I want to do this I want to
affect people with the way this music
affects me I feel like with Grayson I
went into panic mode a little bit
because I didn't know what anything was
and I was just oh my god this is it and
I kind of like tensed up a bit whereas
this time I feel way more in the
position to be like it's happening if
today we're going to meet a baby this is
going to be an amazing day and just kind
of hopefully go with it a bit more
rather than freaking out but yeah I
started to shave the birthing room the
nearest guitar shop to us was in someone
called brave 40 minutes one hour's drive
from us and one day we went to Bray and
I was like a camera diving as guitar
shop and see what's going on and I
remember walking in so clearly to this
guitar shop and walked right to the end
of the row of the guitar and just at the
end I saw something that just I don't
know if you've ever wanted something so
much or felt so much desire for
something that you almost become
breathless when you see it it was like
that it was like I saw this thing that I
was just little just like completely
took my breath away that this is the
most single most beautiful thing I've
ever seen in my life it was this guitar
that made all the other guitars look
like rotting contorted pieces of wood
once I saw this thing I was just like I
just felt so deeply in love with it and
I
I need to have this so I flipped over
the little thing to see how much it was
the little price taxi how much it was it
was about 140 Irish pounds at the time
and that was just like way beyond what I
could imagine ever affording we were
poor so like there's no way that was
going to happen but when you really run
something you don't let anything get in
the way of that thing
so I rocked up to the manager the guitar
shop and I said what deposit who had to
put down on this in order to to keep
anyone from buying it so I can try and
find this money somehow
and he's like I do it my Irish accent
because it was an incredible Irish
accent anyone who's Irish watching so
this isn't very good you were the one
with the problem not me and he was like
hey keep it free up for a mug and it
didn't get me to volume or finish yes
for the next month I scrubbed toilets in
an Irish pub I lifted cigarette butts
out of the Rhinos I was getting paid
obviously it wasn't just because I
wanted to I went when people's houses
and asked if I could clean their cars
for a couple of quid
I sold anything I had I could at schools
and eventually I got enough money to go
and buy this guitar and just at the end
of the month oh I rocked up to the
guitar shop and I spilled out all these
coins and notes and he handed me this my
first guitar
it is the cheapest spender that you can
buy it's a Fender Squier it's super
cheap but to me it's the most valuable
item I own
I've had a really productive day
actually I've managed to film two videos
on my channel I might film another one
or I might just not I'm tired now I feel
like the third trimester takes it out of
you carbonation pretty easily so I'm
going to go and do some editing now but
I thought you might like to see that a
few years ago I decided to kill it out
with some like new pickups in a new
bridge it's something that's going to be
with me for the rest of my life there
comes a time when you just come to terms
with the fact you never going to be a
rock star like it's just not going to
happen and then I kind of think I just
stopped hanging that but I'm not going
to rock star I'm going to put it on the
back burner and just focus and other
stuff but I think I've come to terms
with it now properly and I'm like well
it doesn't matter who cares I'm not be a
rock star can still play lead guitarist
and enjoy playing it so I'm going to
start playing again using it anyway a
friend of mine called Ned he actually
works with fender and he was like we've
got this app which teaches you how to
play the guitar like so you can just
basically like put it on your phone play
along I think having a guitar teacher is
really good school spend a play and I've
been using it every day for the past
like 10 days just playing it on with it
I'm going to go and see s of the country
blast king somewhere for me and it's not
I'm going to make stuff going going so
yes I've got everything I need now I
just need to start practicing and
dusting off the skills and then I'll
start scoring the videos I think it'd be
nice to have some kind of stuff that
I've written myself in the videos I need
to get good enough first this could take
me some time but yeah anyways wanted to
show you my love
yeah
banana so be how are you good I just
been rehearsing with the band how's that
working out I'm going to good mood let's
go well actually yeah yeah good to be
open to play guitar from there and it
took some pretty nice target house them
as a last week me it's been amazing like
oh it has I mean like that first day
when everything started coming English
is mental if you expand in me like that
not at all I started reading all the
comments the middle all display so like
how much did you make in total I think
made like seven thousand pounds in the
end the Chechen grandad knows that's
like more than enough to get you kind of
up and running isn't it now really yeah
where I walked into this vacation I was
just like I can pay off my debt now and
I saw one of my songs
Thank You doke so much for me that's
because you literally I'll change my
life I just have a bit more like
self-worth now you like we've won the
lottery and your hand baked the
appalling time we're releasing be doubly
happy for you
thank you we can see ya don't lose the
pain in the angst oh you need that the
music forget you come from speaking
today to take write much like I read
anything
three two one hmm
okay he's a fully grown man now
it is not thing anyone's ever seen I'm
going down the road to meet Hannah for a
coffee
there's been no news on which II sadly
we have called up all the rescue centers
we've gone round and caught in pretty
much every other night
nobody's reply to my poster I'm going to
keep looking for a me keep calling for
Amber it's not looking good so far are
you
it also make honey can you help me
vanilla is well all I've done so fast my
morning is going get see hat
and I got that in yesterday some of my
dears I need I have them
the trades classified need to pay for
jumping yeah
okay that's perfect yeah I know well you
think you can look valid evidence track
the grain yeah you gotta tell you I'm
uninspired
maybe I should talk about how much I'm
disenfranchised with YouTube culture
forget Maps
maybe I should talk about like every
week
maybe I should talk about how I don't
see time as a continuum but a single
instance pretty sure you didn't you do a
chat are you on the chart but no chat
left
I'm empty for nothing left to give to
know what suggests and mr. mm-hmm when I
talk about brexit why don't I talk about
Donald Trump have you not done that so
you have good idea wanted to buy the
universe happy this is bigger than
stages related stuff going on in it Wow
why'd you have to kill Frankie look what
the cameras are not same thing is tricky
sometimes me and you like what do I talk
about this week
I think it's trickier packing sometimes
orchid it generally like speak to the
people in the date once it's all you've
got anything to report
yeah I can talk about my new friend Rob
peanuts about your friend Rob all right
no offense honey but I'm home from work
early today
I a minute isn't that movie because
basically I have this most amazing
pregnancy but I find they got to that
point where sleeping is like quite
impossible I'm over that like five times
last night and getting out of bed is
really hard and then once I have got up
the baby's like Rudy awake and so like
kicks around me and for age so I spend
ages trying to get back to sleep and
then when I do get that sleep feels like
I just wake up maybe pee again so and
then grace and woke up at half past five
in the morning looking for a bit of
plastic from from some solid toy he had
and then stat alarm went off at the gym
to go to the gym for like at like 6:30
so yeah had a very very complete which I
know I need to get used to anyway that
I'm not used to and I'm just grumpy as
hell and I've got a deadline today and
I'm just so like when I'm tired I just
can't function I can't like can't think
creatively so I'm just having like a
complete like writer's block slash like
mental block just bet and I'm like uh no
grace is going to complete the nurse
regime and I've got your cooking and
passing bedtimes just know just perfect
bed also what does it mean that that's
when it will wind over with such
positive role the record sake actions
which happen although that you take on
the road oh I see I see
okay okay so new Sunday we were driving
to Whitcomb there's a beautiful little
bar in Whitcomb if you ever go to
Whitcomb make sure you check it out I
think it's called the Jolly farmer it's
lovely
with nice gastropub I know the M I know
the barman quite well now at least we go
there quite a lot anyway I was driving
out of the car park and I'm turning left
and all of a sudden his car just hit me
from from behind a bit of wheat lacks I
haven't learned of them yet to make a
claim I'm yet for making idea why didn't
know if I was going to make a claim
actually I can't decide I was I was
completely over
I was my girlfriend Judith over last
night and she we were sitting in the
bathroom she was in the bath and I was
in the toilet doing a number two and I'm
talking to her about whether I should
claim one off and you know she was
exfoliating at a time and then she said
yeah you should put in a claim because
you can actually make quite a bit of
money he was underneath I can't believe
I figured I've got I just I've got him
enough that you believe me a bit ticket
it might be a lieutenant a guy one day
Oh
I feel
my I call my friends
they like
by 7:00
it's like a miniature version of
Richmond Park and now Europe I just love
love gnashing from I like that with the
fern thing look if you get into whiskey
fans
walking up the hill with a fully cooked
baby inside Jesus probably easiest step
what would you do for went into labor
right now breakdown how would you get me
but look how we do genuinely have my DD
just go home into the past
people I'm sure you're all fan that day
all weeks is inspiring and um act like a
big mouth
nearly there I've just noticed that my
husband seems to be sporting a bum bag
we love another yeah the globe one bag
if it's worn at a jaunty angle please
get away with it I really but I love it
for convenience yes just my sister
caught one about I don't know if they're
in fashion or not are they my
fashionable people are queuing for
subtlest thing and that's cupid mental
picture of a having if your family in a
rabbit I'll look in California
everyone's got a swimming pool in their
backyard
we put in a lot of time the last days
that I think of us for free everything
not forever
no for the stable future Oh creeper
sketch in my bhakti I wish somebody
would scratch mine in a fun oh yeah I
know actually even though like I
obviously wanted a smaller age gap I do
feel like a thanks grace
but do you feel like M we've been very
lucky to like have been able to spend so
much time with him since the first three
and a half years of his life like had so
much time together this is like his it
likes to see isn't it a nice sunny spot
with the belly scrap you're like a
little pig food it's nothing
it was a bit like a yet another little
chat that is yeah engineer oh yeah it's
fun greater than it bubs it's fun but we
will have more fun when the other baby
comes
oh quickly jump up then don't do it new
pants because they don't have anything
changing face sometimes you're so
enjoyable even my voice gets great
scream really nice voice doing
it's nice to see on the last day
together he's been much
the lovely ending for the week wasn't it
our little trick to web during pot
Durham Park do you know what I was
thinking about this in bed last night
thought I might use that little you know
the last bit you films and we were just
all chilling out and that stump
yeah I might need that in mind shit my
birth I was a visualization yeah it was
really relaxing crazy was just like
lying and spelling out games belly
scratch like it smelled nice it was
really nice and warm and yeah they have
great cafes as well I love national
track I love an ocean track
they say rock and roll yeah like well
before our time
well definitely I am yeah you are
definitely reliving bar for God's sake
make sure you mister Bristol we're going
to be cool that's all the cool kids go
rock bath yeah
the youngest people in bath I think are
grosser yeah
so we're thinking that this might happen
potentially next week like by the end of
the week I'm thinking I'm hating me it's
gonna stand to you on the right mmm yeah
I can't wait to hold out a real
exploiter stuff convinced for having a
girl since in two different you're a
choose different your hormones are
different everything's different little
grandma over next week only to help with
the birth I've got gas no reason we
begin right after that yeah that's nice
okay
not for you guys I'm going to need it
all all of it every last drop I'm gonna
do about ketamine for us time today
time to go thank you so much for
watching everyone go check out with the
musicians that we used this week in the
description below we'll hopefully see
you next week if not we'll see you soon
with a new baby
