oh god I got bags under my eyes probably
good morning darlings so I'm really
excited about this job today because I'm
working with HomeSense and I thought I
would do like a real-time whole / vlog
type thing I've seen a few of these
kinds of videos floating around flood
force doesn't all the time and I really
enjoy watching them so I thought hey
let's do that with this so since I moved
into my flat
I've bought like the essential things
that I need here in there but there's
loads of other things that I've just
never got around to buying
so when home sets approach me to work
than one this video I was like oh my god
this is great because now I can get all
the little bits that I need that I just
haven't got around to getting because I
feel like almost two years now and
there's just still like bits and pieces
like you know I mean when you move
somewhere you never quite slipped it out
if you've not heard a coma since I'm
sure most of you have if you haven't
there's there like a big brand I think
they have them in the States as well but
they're quite a big homo brand and I
didn't realize that part of TK Maxx so
if you like TK Maxx home I've got one
really near to me a TK Maxx home and
it's amazing so they're not a brand
they're just a store and they basically
like buying home where stuff like all
year round it's all different brands so
they have they're really good for like
quite actually kind of one-off pieces
like big pieces like a chair or like a
statue or a big pot you know like those
kind of one-off like statement things
that you want in your house but you can
also get like everyday stuff like
glasses place kitchenware duvet covers
all that kind of stuff it's really good
quality stuff as well as being like
discounted which is amazing especially
for home where so saying that when
you're in somewhere like home since it's
one of those places where if you see
something you have to get it there and
then because they're not going to have
loads of it it's going to be either a
one-off or only a few of that item
because of the way that they buy so it's
very much if you go there and you see
something you like just get it because
you probably won't get it and I went
there ages ago and I did see this chair
but it was like 300 pounds so I didn't
get it kind of how can they still have
that so yeah I'm up right now Tony I was
going to try and drag Hannes he's come
with me but he's not interesting doesn't
care
home stuff which is fine I'm gonna go
off to my I say my local home sets it's
still quite a bit of a drive and see
what I can get there's a few key things
I do need to get like bed linen and
maybe like a throw for the sofa because
I think now especially being September
it's like a really good time to it's
almost like the opposite of a spring
clean isn't it like getting your house
ready for the cold months I love doing
that so yeah maybe some nice throws some
new Christian covers things like that so
let's start the voyage to home scents
and I'll see you when I get there
fingers crossed
the traffic's not too bad
so I've been exchanged in slight change
of plan
so we have actually one movie with us
now
I have trouble getting here so he drove
me here and I've also changed my top
because it's so hot it's such a nice day
I just have to clear up guys roses I
have chicken legs my resent actually
because I think I've got great legs but
she says because I've got big thighs and
the blob on this bottom bit meant to be
skinnier than entire though he's got
lovely legs look at them he's got
chicken are we gonna be teaching kids
how to cook nice my arms are huge
it's a full basket the basket is full
Mary look at I grin
I am NOT starving
we are home from home sent home from
home sense and then going to have dinner
behind me this is all the stuff that I
bought from Home sense and I'm gonna sit
down on my bed and show you everything
so it's kind of like a very informal
hall let me put you on my tripod at
least okay can you see me is this okay
right so let's start with like the bitty
things cuz I got a few big pieces but
we'll leave them to laughs and just
start one like the bitty kind of random
stuff those things that I wasn't even in
the market for that I was like it's so
cheap I just have to I could not resist
so we'll start off with something very
boring and mundane coat hangers can
never have too many coat hangers these
are kind of velvety ones these are more
for hainsley these are a little bit too
wide probably for my clothes but we've
got them because you can also hang
Charles's as well as jackets and tops so
you can get more on one hand basically
flannels you can never have too many
flannels in my opinion this thing needs
unwrapped I got a couple of little bowls
I used to have balls like these and then
I think I moved out of the place that I
bought them in and just left them there
so I got a couple more because they're
really good for kind of soup and noodles
and things like that I just really like
the pattern of these so this was only
399 and it's getting into winter it's
really good for like stews and stuff
then I got a smaller Bowl which is good
for like dipping sauces so if you're
having sushi or like dumplings or
anything and that was $2.99 again I
really like the pattern of it it's got a
different one on the outside and it has
inside I really loved this kind of
asian-inspired China well China where is
that we cool it okay what's next onto
the bigger things and we bought a new
pillow this is actually for home to me
it's very particular about his pillows
so we've picked him up a new one this
would have been fifty pounds but I got
it for $24.99 how good is that then we
have more bedding
I bought this was just to do makeup it's
not the pattern was quite nice this
would have been 249 pounds and it was
first no 99 I can't really argue with
that and you can see it's got a pattern
on it but it's not to like anything too
garish I suppose in the bedroom I like
quite plain bedding but I thought this
is a really nice option this recycled
glass bars I thought this was really
nice this was $7.99 and I thought I
might put it in the bathroom and try and
get a really big like palm to put in it
cuz I thought that would look really
nice in there I also bought this planter
which was $7.99 I'm very into
houseplants I thought this one was
really nice I really like the pattern on
it because it's got this kind of a it's
not a statement but it's got a pattern
on it but it's not to like garish okay
this is gonna be quite difficult to show
this is for the bathroom I thought it
was really cute my boss is quite small
but I thought there would be a space for
this kind of next to the toilet and you
could just put little bits and bobs in
there like cotton wall it's just a
really good way to store things but it's
quite compact
this isn't odd price it would have been
83 74 but it's $24.99 and then lastly
this is the thing I'm most excited about
one of these crochet poops I've seen
these on Pinterest and Instagram on all
the home accounts I follow every one
every one for ages and I'm so excited
when I saw it because it's just watch
and it was $49.99 but doesn't say what
the price it would have been but I know
that these are pretty expensive if it's
not clear what it is it's a footstool
but this is what's good about home since
it's got these kind of but as you can
see like everyday things and then there
is some kind of really unique like
standout pieces now I've got the task of
putting all this stuff away
so I've unpacked my knives
don't they look fancy that's about all
I've managed to do I have poured myself
a glass of wine and they're out now it's
quite late it's like 9 o'clock so I'm
just going to sit on the safer with me
be know we'll probably sign off this
book now won't we
I think you should so I hope you've
enjoyed this kind of like funny
real-time vlog hole type thing I'll link
everything down below including the home
sensor website they've got a store like
H on there so you can find the nearest
one to you once again thank you so much
for watching thank you to HomeSense as
well of course for working with me on
this video
I'm just looking over at my plant it
looks so nice um next to my TV so now
look nice oh I love it
and my little puff as well doesn't that
look so nice oh love it
should probably empty my bin hey dudes
its testing out his new pillow test the
density I think you get quite
comfortable yeah because I can anyway as
I was saying yeah give me a little
thumbs up on that and don't forget to
subscribe if you're not and thank you
again so much for watching and I'll see
you on the next one
