hi everyone welcome back to my channel
today I thought I'd film a day in the
life of video which is a back home back
to our routine the holiday is sadly over
my pan is already going but yeah I
thought I would just film a day in the
life of like a normal day as a family
with three kids yeah we've got a few
things planned today my eldest is at
school but we've got Caleb and baby as
well but we are going to brave going to
the shopping mall but go to lakeside and
I'm trying to get an outfit for a
wedding that we have on Friday so I'm
really cutting it short I do have a
dress I could definitely wear so that is
like my back-up plan
but because obviously Jackson's only
four months old I'm still feeling a tiny
bit weighty and not hundred comfortable
in it so I'm just going to go and have a
look and they've got a really good soft
play there as well so we're going to do
something with the kids and Matt might
have the kids in the song play well I
just quickly go to maybe one or two
stores so that's the plan and maybe
we'll have lunch together in everything
okay so I'm going to take you along with
us and also as you show you what I've
got the boys for Valentine's Day because
there's only a week away and I always
get the boys something I just think it's
a really nice little tradition that
we've got into and I've got four men in
my life that I have to buy for and I
feel like I am the main woman in all of
their lives at the moment so I always
get them something so this is a gift
that we have got the boys and I'll
probably get them few little like
chocolates or something as well but it's
a first guess how much I love you I'm
sure those of you have heard of it
before or have it in your collection
it's one of our favorite children's
books that we've had poppy has had it of
it so I put this new lovely like
hardback bound book it's a really sweet
story and it's all about love so it's
really fitting for Valentine's Day so I
was thinking this would be a really
lovely gift for them or this would also
be a really nice gift to get from the
kids to maybe daddy
so that daddy didn't like read it to
them and stuff like that but yeah it's
got really lovely wording in it and the
boys regularly like stretch out
see I love you this much or I love you
to the moon and back because that's kind
of like the wording in this book as well
and I'll show you what I've written it
inside whenever I buy a book as a
present for someone I always like
personal message inside it because I
think that's like a Remo keepsake and
then every time you go back to read that
book it has like the wording in the
front cover so I'll show you so this is
it here and then when you open it up I
just written to Jackson Caleb and Fraser
I love you right up to the moon and back
love mommy and daddy and I put
Valentine's Day 2017 not than that and
then I've also got them to guess how
much I love you coloring book which also
has stickers in it Caleb in particular
is really into is coloring at the moment
so I saw that with you perfect for him
I'll do a link in the description bar
below of this book and also the coloring
books as well if you want to go and
check it out for Valentine's Day we have
loved it it's always been favored in our
house but I want to show you that my
mother way the plan is to a reverse go
to coast because I went on our website
have some really nice little wedding
gift outfits on there and and then maybe
if there's nothing there then maybe Ted
Baker's as they always do really nice
like wedding getting things I would also
say caramel in but the caramel in for
like really thin people quite curvy at
the moment but that's important
an emphasis on on their balances collide
but it looks like all the police colors
yeah anyway on our way husband
music usually get in the buggy now
why not let my just tried on about
saving dresses and there was one muscle
with okay but is to incidentally found
selecting from older is really a lot of
money for one last thought was okay so
we're going to keep trying but it's not
easy with too little one right you just
come to get lunch and I've got some
amazing looking wasabi salad yeah so
it's not really that healthy but it
looks really good
Oh
I'd love to be however I have no dress
I've come with nothing and I only
returned one of the things I had
returned and yes thanks it's not good
and we had to leave early because we
have to get back to school run a little
easier to just to make sure that we will
be back phrase so I think I'm going to
panic by on a soft later oh dear are you
ok ok forget it so to let you see you
guys sanded this jumparoo has to be one
of the best things that we've bought him
he loves it he'll happily do this for
ten or twenty minutes if I'm making
dinner or trying to sort the bigger boys
that just been a lifesaver hasn't it you
absolutely love it in there yeah here
you go
yes anyway we're home now and I think
everyone is coming down with a cold or
something I sitting a bit bummed up
Jackson has been a bit miserable and
he's really perceptions I gave him some
cow ball because he was quite hot and
Caleb as well oh oh
Caleb was Caleb wants to make cupcakes
because you're like a little chef father
you like cooking don't you
but we made 12 cupcakes yesterday so
there's only so many cupcakes -
Stephanie just there this is why I
thought this is the baby way look he's
gave the ingredients out are you
oh you're gonna make more cupcakes more
time mmm major would shout we need
something right now I'll be so sad when
you're too big to do this he's nearly
getting too big to play like this and
I'll be so sad when you are why cuz I
love it when we lay nothing
hey you were very well and you're still
happy oh you could turn it up the
cupcakes yeah Wow
thank you Mike I look so grown up
Caleb's looking can you believe it
Jackson it's definitely teething be
painting your teeth hurt you know Wes
I've got the boys sing party for the
WiiU
and Fraser is really really good at
singing Justin Bieber song did you make
a play that was gonna be some cuts
Oh
Craver reads every night to us he is
super duper reader I mean it's quite a
boy changes in patient reg oh strange
Shane can we cut all of the boys to bed
and I had a quick change and fresh off
of my makeup and everything and I now
off out don't really normally go out on
like a weekday but I'll going to a
soccer club which is for the mother hub
which is like kind of like networking
also mum basically women in business
with similar interests and stuff like
that I'm really looking forward to it
because the last mother have event I
went to I got so much from so I'm really
poor to it anyway I'll look a little bit
of it and I'll put the links down below
for the mother hub if anyone is in Essex
and it's interested yes I feel like I
look like I'm going to a funeral because
I'm wearing all black but at all I have
and I just didn't have time to choose
much when I was like that and the boys
next thing actually it'll be dark I'm
sure I'd be fine that's not a random
order never like to say something
