hello everybody welcome back to another
weekly blog I think we're on a hundred
and nine now which is crazy that I've
done that many and it's actually a
little bit scary my hundreds felt like
literally ten weeks ago but it's been
nine weeks since the hundred bold on my
Meetup
time is just going by so so quickly at
the moment happy Monday as you're
watching this I am in Croatia I am so
excited to be going on holiday this
weekend so I go on Saturday but when
you're watching this I would have
already been there for two days which is
yeah really really cool I'm working with
a brand called med Taylors
I basically did a trip of their last
year and they've invited me to come back
and do it again this year and I'm going
solo this time so no friends no
boyfriend no family going out there by
myself and I will meet a sixth fellow
Cruz who's going to be staying on the
road with me and a skipper so I'm going
to be obviously filming all that for you
I'm very excited actually my meditators
blob was one of my most popular ones
last year and and it was an hour long so
I'm going to hopefully get lo the
footage and have a nice long book for
you again I'll do a blog post and all
that kind of fun stuff so yeah I got
Holly this weekend - this week is full
of packing and organizing and getting my
travel money and I'm tidying up my flat
sizzle bluffing clean and tiny like it
needs to be clean and tidy anyway but
you know when you're on holiday like I
want to put fresh bedding on when I get
on my washing properly organized and
sorted and my mum actually very kindly
did a bunch of ironing for me which I
know is really sad I don't really don't
do any ironing to be honest I kind of
just hang on my clothes once they've
been wash and then they did the creases
just fall out of them but had a bunch of
stuff that needed ining for my mum took
off my hand she's very kindly definite
for me so that's not my mother for a I
am well no not completely for but you
know things like that life thing so she
helps me out which is really I'm
grateful for so I'm going to drive over
to her house and pick back up I also
have a parcel there then tonight I'm
going to stay with Benji tomorrow night
I'm going out for dinner with my best
friend Megan
Wednesday I'm in London and Friday
evening we're going to see cars three
which is very exciting because we've
been denied both watch cos 1 & 2
recently like I've seen them by re-watch
them recently and
a patient to see number three which I'm
really excited about and then a gone
faster day so this will be on Monday to
Friday blocks I hope you don't mind that
oh my gosh fred is going to be manic I'm
just having a hair brush around it's
going to be manic because I'm gonna have
to UM get myself ready and we're going
out that night I'm gonna have to edit
the vlog and get it up that same day but
anyway I'll do it I will do it for you
my camera's back as well my g7x has had
it sent away my vlogging camera my pride
and joy my baby that comes everywhere
with me as much as my phone so when it
broke and had to send it off I saw that
I was missing a limb but it's back cause
it's some contact LinkedIn as well I
think well I've been talking all this
time Rocio I'm going to go I will see in
a bit that's where our filming is flat
there's mess everywhere so excuse that
but just come up to my mum's and I get
all my post delivered though my blogger
parcels so I thought I'd open some on
camera the first one is a white bag Oh
simple skincare I'm going to see them on
Wednesday so sent down some things which
is nice so I've got the kind of skin
replenishing rich moisturizer which I've
actually bought and had before I really
like this and also had their facial wash
actually don't think I've used this my
skin is in need of them a new facial
wash and everything is so sensitive on
my skin by can you simple which is great
so yeah it got to me bits from them I'm
sure that probably give me something or
try some new things and Wednesday as
well so that was kind and I have a
parcel from tee pegs so I haven't had
anything from them in a while but I must
be on the database point because I don't
actually I think I've many want some
typical this is very kind if anything so
ok beragon we thought you might like to
try our new limited edition summer
blends perfect over ice in this glorious
weather we know we'd love to know what
you think of them best wishes to pegs I
stay how to make I see how exciting
with what Apple spritz naturally
caffeine free and you have peach
lemonade oh my gosh nice and so yummy
very thank you very much
he picks I'm going to give those a go I
forgot to eat lunch and it's hot sauce
for
just chuck them chicken nugget things in
the oven I was because is a bit too late
for lunch and do early for dinner so
yeah also I started to tidying up and I
saw a bunch of recycling that news
account and I started organizing my
packing so I put my packing cubes my
travel so take it might blow up and
donut ring and things like that so we
have mayonnaise or barbeque ities
barbecue sauce north if I were I'm still
tidying thank you so nice wave and my
blog is up in five minutes
oh it's just got so much stuff
everywhere look at my packing this this
is a tripod but this down here is all
the start of my packing so things I want
to take with me I've piled up over there
and it's all the stuff that takes up all
the space shoes and accessories bags
pounds I don't I think I might need to
cut down my mum has delivered again Oh
John hats drop off something to my house
and with it he also dropped some food
that my mum's put together for me so
I've got left Davis bag Bowl and bit
cheese to put on it some raspberries and
cream I don't know what some mayor a
brunch bar and some cherries I actually
have a packed lunch delivered from my
mum how do you this by hello everybody
it is quarter to three on Tuesday I've
just had my lunch my mom gave me my
spaghetti bolognaise is so good my
little cream and raspberries and
strawberries and I'm going Ferdinand
with Meghan tonight which I booked in
last week with her and and we're going
to toast call Monty's burgers in
Bournemouth so the best in mind I need
to get myself ready and I'm going to
London tomorrow I'm going to be meeting
simple skin care who are hosting an
event at kind of like a gym with an
outside pool so I hope the weather perks
up so don't know if we're going to be
outside or not but I don't know what to
wear yet I don't know what's a safe bet
to be honest but I need to obviously get
ready for London perhaps things I mean I
actually washed my hair yesterday as you
saw but like this humidity and
not drawing my hair it's just gone on
freely and naughty so I'm gonna give it
the brush give it a nice deep condition
and then yeah basically get myself ready
I've been signing up a little bit so
I've been washing up and the lounge is
coming together now my bedroom is still
an absolute bomb sites that really do
need to work on that at some point I've
taped my nails white as well I'm just
kind of trying them to see if I want
them white for my holiday I do actually
have the some elegant touch nails as
well so I might take them with me anyway
and stick those on when my nails cut
shit I ordered something from ASOS
arrives today so first of all I got new
pair of Havana's the needs of my
favorite flip-flops in the whole world
I call them Havana's but they are
actually heavy honors I think that's
actually how you say it have the Yanis I
know I've always called them Havana's
but anyway so I love these I got them
for my 25th birthday so it happened two
years and they served me so well I love
them a lot and they're pretty much all I
live in and I kind of wanted a second
pair and I went on a self and I was just
browsing that's all they had Disney one
so I already had to get these and I'll
link them below if you're interested
because I haven't seen anyone talking
about them yet or anything and I just
think they're gorgeous
so yeah they came and then then I also
ordered this dress from boohoo it's so
cute what when Isis but it's from boohoo
I really like the detailing on it I
think it's so pretty for holiday it's
quite a thin material but it sucks me in
at the waist here which is my favorite
part and it's even got a little pockets
which is great of an evening and just
tucking my phone in my pocket but yeah I
really like it really suits me and I
think this is in the sales like 14
pounds or something I will link that
below if you're interested but I think
I'm out of bath bombs from being honest
let me have a look yeah I'm at bath one
so do they're hot and cold all excited
for a bar and I'm going to use a little
bit of body short almond honey almond
milk and honey and zoella taupe opera
I'm going to do some of those
I meant out as talking or with rain
decided to coming at my eyebrows on so I
meet Megan for dinner I just build them
and they have took me so long to do in
like this head up with them again get a
wax in tinted with my favorite girl in
we're going to fit cosmetics them
counter moment for these PowerPoint
I've come for the monster burger which
looks insane I think there's an onion
ring in there
I was it a full monty I can't take my
onion rings out I don't think I'm going
to be able to like say by holding my
mouth that looks good and we have to be
Jewish Messiah
these are my eyebrows I think they look
really nice she's done a really good job
on them I'm obviously they're quite dark
when they're first done but once I've
showered and the tips portion off a
little bit them they will blend back
into my face
however I'm sorry I'm starting out at
breakfast I just like practically power
walk through the rain and Benny was
trying to say is the girl at benefit in
Bournemouth infinity Hamer's she's super
nice and she does such a good job
because I've been going to that same
brow bar for years now and there used to
be a really great girl but she went on
the time to leave and never came back
and then since then no one's really been
as good but infinity is amazing high or
under if you're embalmer also by the way
benefit browse you can book an
appointment on their website which i
find a lot easier i can see what times
are available and then get an email
confirmation to say when your
appointment is I just really like the
whole service and they also have a new
app called brow Wow not sponsored I wish
it was dispensable sponsoring the nuts
cool but they have a new app and they
scan it all electronically now and you
can if used to get the loyalty cards
with Debenhams and benefit they now do
that online
so my next one I guess pretense which is
great and worth takes the think tint is
like tennis a wax and a brown wax and
pin is 20 pounds so in my expenses well
I don't get it done that often and it
gives me such a confidence boost
especially when I'm going on holiday I'm
not going in makeup I'm going to a lot
of photos but what my brows to look like
that you dad cut ginger pair-wise
reddish very light auburn hair my hairs
all but it's sometimes more brown and
it's more red but it means my eyebrows
sometimes look like they're hardly there
I hate that so anyway enough for
eyebrows just finished dinner with Megan
it was soup at 9:00 about five seven
back to ours and all my goodness it was
so nice the barber was delicious
I'm now not going to be hard for a
couple weeks I'll be going away it's
nice have a catch-up it's tracking it
was rain I'm wearing jeans and they're
like stuck to my leg feels like winter
all of a sudden a bit weird kind of like
already missing for sunshine but anyway
so I'm off to get a bunch of house this
is his bedroom and I have hung up two
outfits to wear tomorrow hold on oh my
that's my drawer of my things I don't
know which dress to go for or you can Li
see the one on the left a bit more
somewhere a bit more mean this one's a
bit more smart bit bit better for a
Bloggie event this morning I think your
chances are that well yeah because
in a brush with my time if I had about
three minutes inside I do manage to get
myself a drink from a specialist I won't
prove to other state of the day
suppose England to having an event and
I've got any complication added within a
like try out for me they've got new
range the warmth of you grain - oh
you're beautiful balls through other
people think I will find out more later
but yeah so they they didn't budge
enough today I get in at about ten
o'clock spoon to behave a moment and
then I'm going to swing away the Brixton
and then we're going to
metal modern samples of my work it look
at yeah I get to the letter club with a
pool of that I think that's been you
know all very nearly closings always so
yeah learn a dress from apricot my music
note despondent by eight o'clock so I
like a lot my draft status of a little
carbon on sleep and then another decade
a market bastard a good half hour only
was taking the cell
and I've got their legs we looked at
some of the energy coming sighs I hope
you haven't approached a paper import of
the day
and then
they even have brand in fact me today
this is the venue gun side
you
you
you
in
not every time
behind the possible
and you've got like little pouches with
that for me I guess it's pretty busy
around him I don't really have quite
noisy some research and hear me complain
but I just can't me event it was it was
pretty quick it was really good fun I
was given my turn for my men timeslot
and I'm starting and ended it was really
the sort of event that like you hang
around for and so then it was exciting
to be a bit longer so it was really
lovely and I'm exciting such as the new
products are talking about the one at
home but I do not do myself now so taken
two hours from up here and I'm going in
the event so minute some time ago like
it's wait to journey that I'm going to
do something none of my pals are free I
might be Sapporo pry marks and really
like that one it's really big and it's
got a lot of salt so I might just go and
have a little Mooji I don't really need
anything necessarily but yeah I might go
and have a little like mood so I'm not
sure so I get myself a brick since on
the road and something called robot
school to do and then we'll see much
more men so basicly maybe that was my
day but I feel like I don't go and do a
little something then it specifically
with you early p.m. I claim it's half 12
and there's a train at 5 4 3 and then 4
that all the past to train so anyway
join me on a little trip
Primark phone because you might have to
come off of anything I did eat had a
drink small insect inopportune so
I haven't lost any weight calm winds not
feeling very sexy and just like that I'm
back and warmer it was a quick chain as
an hour 45 minutes which I like a lot
because I can prolong it also loves busy
involve transition today I love it so
much and folks now it's great
once I think should be event I went off
the street and I walked to prime up
Tottenham Court Road
I stopped as sports director picked up
Al's running short through their night
I'm wearing them now to stop my chub rub
my chafing and I quickly realized that
I'm getting bigger and bigger I'm
putting on way I'm fully aware of it I
think because I'm really happy at the
moment and I'm in a new relationship and
we do eat out a lot on we are bit
naughty sometimes and I haven't been
exercising as much therefore have some
weight and it's not really a surprise my
mum's like you know this has having
support for you you know what you need
to do I do know what I need to do but
then oh it's Primark and the total court
bro products is super nice there was so
much choice I took like eight things in
the change around couple of swimming
questions I thought maybe a little bit
more confidently swimming costume at the
weekend and honestly I ended up crying
in the changing room looking at myself
I even tried on a really nice light pink
denim jacket and pink spray jacket
that's got some really nice ones at the
moment but neither of them that right
they didn't fit my body shape right
basically I'm the biggest and heaviest
I've been in a really long time and I
know I need to do something about it
because crying about it doesn't help I
think I might start a food diary and
writing down what anything and we're
just getting back in the gym yeah so I'm
going to make better food choices I'm
going to stop snacking on naughty things
I'm gonna get back in the gym
precious breath and see this how unfit I
am I think the pressure is slightly on
because I'm going away and I'm going to
be in a bikini and I really want to get
some photos of me and my holiday and I'm
just not looking and feeling my best and
I know I'm not alone I know loads of
girls and guys feel like this but
it's just accepting it like not the end
of the world that I Conway and I know a
lot of people in the comments would be
like oh you can't tell you still look
sad and that is such a nice confidence
boost and the last time I mentioned that
I'd put a little bit away as so many
people were super nice about it I'm not
too upset about it now I think I had a
little meltdown in the pronoun ginger
room yeah it's just coming to terms of
accepting that I've put on the way I
need to shift it again anyway I going to
go pick up Benji now he's staying at my
house tonight and there's sunshine
perfect I'm going to try and get a blob
photo of my simple think after and and
that hopefully will be up is the art
webinar might be working on it one of
them pray over anyway we have come down
to the beach so I can take some pictures
of the products that got given today and
so we can go for a little power walk
again we can't do it the other day that
way so we're going to bit of exercise in
two and one so I'm walking down to the
end of Faust compare it's quite good
location here and Lincoln is doing some
down on the sand down there and I look
so good so this is happening right now
I'm shooting a little picture here at
the beach and I like it because this is
a hydrating booster range which I can
actually show you while I'm here to do
this so these are the three new product
and then if you can actually hear me as
a sea but this is the micelle a gel wash
the hydrating booster which you can use
the primer mixed in with your foundation
and is amazing actually I tried it
earlier and this is a cleansing water as
well so I'm really looking forward to
using my makeup take that same eye
makeup off of that wash my face with
that and then using some of this so this
is meant to be amazing for dehydrated
and dry skin which is definitely me
so these are coming nationwide to stores
in September but I still so in boots
today so they are making their way into
stores now if your interest
yeah I'm really excited to try them not
an ad just enough to brand a lot it's
like fix the clock maybe later
and it's so nice
oh that's a good shot I wonder
impression of the Newton calling
so let's give it a go I do know my
favorite one so much other cleansing
like the music actually mm-hmm
pretty I'm going to take these new
micellar cleansing water
oh wow very soothing kind of like the
only pussy condom on your eyes
comfortable
oh yo not have actually picked up and
take my big book pretty well I'm now
going to wash my face with my coma gel
or it's very lightweight like kind of a
loser
the whole point of this range is
basically hydrate our skin on we were
learning the difference between dry skin
and dehydrated in today and these new
products have helped keep the moisture
in you know when you know you know life
product feeling that no no no only
hydrating booster okay that sounds nice
is all this really lightweight really
easy to use on the cushion plan perhaps
I really like this I'm quite loyal to
God in my funnel water
and what if I go like have a water the
better I have Jason confinement it feels
lighter and easier than you but like a
lot and I really like this again I've
been using
Gani is pure active scented wash and
very simple packaging and their design
and a branding and mom honesty I think
Eliza Skylark not happen on island so
I'm doing or moving because one morning
its own Gordon risotto clock or start
work it's a beautiful day Benji stayed
last night and we've been watching how
to get away with murder
well on episode 13 of season one so
really enjoying that actually I have so
much to do over the next two days is
silly I'm feeling a little overwhelmed
my priority is to do my social media
things this morning because of course
schedule all my clients for next week so
I can take the week off why I'm
obviously taking Millie cough so I have
to do that today so that's that work I'm
gonna make a cup of tea and then this
afternoon is just packing and filming
and organizing editing and yeah
everything in between
last week I talking about my pins and
that I collect pin badges and as some of
you want to see my collection so before
I begin this is not designed how I want
it to I really want to get a Mickey
shaped cork board to have them all
eventually full of pins but at the
moment I'm just collecting them so I've
only just started so I don't have a lot
I have kept the backs on some of them
just in case I wanted to sell them and
some of the backs are quite like so I'll
show you those in a second and that
doesn't go on display I keep it behind
my TV is for me and my memories and I
just really love pins so yeah so let's
show you my board and it's a bit like
this so I used to be part of a pin Club
which doesn't exist anymore span on
Instagram where you paid five pan a
month and they sent your new pin so this
is kind of where it started so I bought
this one I love this designer peach ish
I have another one down here but yes so
some of the boards are pin club ones
some of them I just really like the
backs a limited edition others I just
have kept because the design is nice and
if I haven't kept the back
on them it's just because I didn't
really care too much about the backs but
I also have the actual backs to the pins
behind here and a little clear pouch so
if I do ever want to like sell them on
or and clip them to myself like on my
clothes or bag or whatever than I can
some of them have been gifted to me from
subscribers some have been gifted from
brands I've got some PGI Friday ones up
here which I got at different TGI Friday
stores like that one from Leeds and and
then I have like yes some of these ones
were from a couple of brands I've got
slithering one because I am in Slytherin
I've got lots of New York ones so I had
to get one of the New York Yankees ones
and I loved this Hello Kitty that was in
the Disney Store in New York again New
York I went to the memorial and the One
World Trade Center was not traced on top
of the observatory generally like to
collect in some places I've been or
things I've seen so this one's from
Iceland and one of my subscribers sent
me this one from Canada you have not
been and I really like it but the s if
something's have been given to me which
is equally as nice but I genuinely like
to keep places where I've been I've got
one from Greece on my friend Dion down
there as well
that was almost fun Cheryl I love Disney
ones obviously and used to work at
Jimmy's iced coffee so I've got a couple
there and one of my subscribers Gary who
I met in Brighton he sent me a Brighton
Pier badge which I love because I didn't
pick one up when I was there these are
all from New York as well I love the
Disney ones and I got some from Park
recently and I got these ones of a girl
on Twitter this one was so much bigger
than I thought it was going to be a
little so pretty that was from my friend
Eleanor recently then G between this one
when we went to see an atom and love it
I've also got the teddy bear - which is
Ricky and he found these ones in his
like memories box and stuff and he said
I could have them he found he said I've
got some pins lying around somewhere and
they say 75 years with Mickey so they're
going to go on my board in a second and
but yeah I really like it I've got a
couple of miscellaneous like bits here
as well from when I won infosys Choice
Award at the Cosmo Awards
awesome a little thank-you card and my
bad from the clay show but none of those
are like relevance opinions but you get
the idea so this is what it currently
looks like again like I said it's not a
display thing it's just kind of a bit of
fun they know where I'm going to put
these two probably like in the corner
here or something but yeah I'm gonna pop
those on and that is my pin board my
goodness there is so much to do lessons
I've learned I'm feeling a little bit
overwhelmed however I'm getting that
I've got four lists on the go at the
moment bollock work one my freelance
stuff work to Brogan Tait YouTube blog
emails admin stuff like admin washing
ironing tidying washing up collecting my
travel money and change the bedding all
that stuff and then a packing list of
everything I need to pack and I started
shocking everything I want to take me to
crazy on the floor which is created more
of a mess um and I'm just feeling a
little bit like oh so much to do eyes
the little time is twenty to ten at the
moment time is on my side right now so
I've just finished up doing a packing
video I can't remember laughing a film
it's been a manic day I went to my mom's
house and have a breakdown because none
of my clothes are fitting me I'm
actually working on a campaign with a
brand which will see very soon about
having no holiday hangups
and just finding clothes and wearing
things that work for you that's Benji
let's get them in hi bad but yeah anyway
so I'm just get Benji on one sec oh you
put sticking out the top
I know it came with me without hello
somebody's on Instagram page say if
Benji coming with you I'm sure that was
then she's not coming with me because
any of this is that before we learn B
it's a blocky thing you are Brody's
anything you come on the next one sorry
the honorees are on Jews but to the
format Benji we already did our little
haul a and also I actually think it's
really healthy and really important to
travel by yourself and do you think
myself like hopefully we'll have a
lifetime of holidays
currently we are absolutely we have got
a bucket list of places we want to go
but anyway so what I'm saying is whisper
mums had a meltdown borrowed some of her
clothes then I wouldn't got my money my
Croatian Kuna then I went to I was in
things but I got some dinner and and
then I've been home and doing a packing
video and honesty I've been packing for
about two hours which is ridiculous but
I tried everything on have dinner in
between as well and now I'm dad what's
the time on my Bob Bowman to love Island
oh right go go bye happy Friday I have
spent all day editing this weekly vlog
and then filming a beard I'm working
with a brand a brand I really love it's
one of my biggest campaigns that I've
done and I'm super excited so I did that
Shay sent a band name already approved
it I'm just going to do some little bits
for them while I'm in Croatia so I
probably talked about that as very soon
anyway then Justin with new morning and
most of our spending on everything's
tidy and packed I had lunch and is going
on I was just going to put look food
back together for bench I've washed up
and stuff we're going to his help and
then we're going to see car three
tonight I just write about that leave
for the airport in like ten hours I'm
going to the airport in ten hours times
so so we just come back from seeing a
cars
what was your learn it I loved it did
you I wasn't a big fan of them to thank
you is that math I didn't they always
seem like over in the animation which is
completely different
it was different really clever doing
like warm and clear spoilers it was just
really good everything links together as
well which are really not yeah I really
appreciate it when they think of all the
other families you can see lightning
McQueen's artful character arc yeah and
I was very good it was really good if
you're a Disney fan you'll totally love
it it gives the kids and causes Paley
under ages that you haven't seen at
number one reads definition see it and
notice on the mourners yeah I'm a Benji
watch what it is my long journeys I can
work on Russia and rely upon you were
yeah realizes which might be I thought I
don't know something like you down a
minute I've been thinking about the plan
for content for the next few weeks so
there isn't going to be another main
term video this week I did have a pack
with me but I'm ground to editing it and
I actually have a better idea and I
might do a unpack with me I don't know
if I'll be able to but I might do like a
little cabin tour and show you all my
things I'll show you what clothes I
bought but either way I realized that
the packing video was pretty much
identical to Tenerife so I haven't done
that this week and there won't be one
next week with the week you're watchin
is either but then next Monday I think
I'm going to have a different video and
for camping I've been working on and
then I can edit the meditators book and
I'll be up later next week if that makes
sense either way you're getting out some
videos and they're going to be really
great
I'm really excited and so it it already
please follow me on Twitter and
Instagram you can see all my
hickeys please subscribe to my channel
if you're not already and if I'm slow
replying to comments and emails and all
that jazz then I do apologize I will try
and catch up when I can I'm very excited
so I will see you in a week have a good
one bye
by
