what surely likes to do she's in charge
of my passports and other desires
because I'm they started to lose the
more I show them she's so excited
you need this break
hi everyone welcome back to my channel
so today I have my sister Casey here
with me and that's because we're going
to be talking about our recent trip to
Lagos Nigeria and for those of you guys
who don't know we were there for the
last couple of last few weeks
mm-hmm and don't thought myself but for
the last few weeks no no that god--even
TV case you're speaking English again we
would have two weeks and we went to
visit some family out there oh we always
have a good time wherever we go back I
mean like there's so much to do when
you're in Lagos Nigeria and it was just
a fun field trip and also a great time
like said to spend time with family
where we went lived I'm hoping that
we'll never think neither my hair if
your doors are another funny yeah that's
my favorite ice cream place chocolate
Oreo mmm childhood memories and my gosh
we have friends out there yeah friends
out we went to school with yeah we used
to live there yeah went to school there
when we were younger so a lot of our
childhood friends are there most yours I
think a lot of my childhood friends are
gay yeah but then is those nice to touch
back and touch base every night again
and that's what we did so this time
round we sort of documented things that
we would want to share if you guys so
what was one of your favorite moments
when you out there I think one of my
favorite moments was oh this is
something we did literally every day but
it was breakfast and we would wake up
really early and we would head to the
balcony
we have a dis balcony on this second
floor of our house and it has two really
nice white chairs that have been there
for years and years and years and really
takes us back to childhood and we would
just sit and have breakfast
with all the family sometimes would have
you know books when we just read and
just it was so relaxing and one of my
favorite breakfasts that we had was the
plantain and omelette so we're just
about to have a breakfast this is like a
traditional breakfast in the nai
household of just planting and omelette
which is really
because this is having a cigarette and
we're being cheeky and having a cheeky
Fanta and uh yes I just took a picture
on Instagram I'm gonna put on Instagram
in a minute and I bought my book this is
the one I'm reading it's be the real
thing by Katherine Elliot I really like
her she's really good um author they
read so yeah we're just gonna enjoy this
we call it doo doo da doo da doo da 19 -
mr. Lansing is good Oh an egg did an egg
and it's really nice on there that mom
makes it so good yeah she always mixes
um like tomatoes onions and sometimes
mackerel yeah oh yeah you know the time
I went to the market
mm-hmm that was really fun that was
really nice let me go to Lagos wherever
there you have open markets and then
there lot of stores so you have fresh
fruits vegetables everything and is nice
when you go that it's quite crazy but
then it's nice because it's buzzing it's
lively
my club stalls spread across but
everybody was sort of near each other
they're helped each other and there's
like a family sort of thing a mommy
really knows everybody there so when you
go through oh hi and it's like it's
really really nice it's something
different so it's like friends or things
like I I like that sort of thing you
went to dinner and this really nice
restaurant called RSVP mm-hmm and it was
actually my friends easy and Vinnie who
took us there there my childhood friends
and went to school with Feeney and yeah
it was really nice as to you know be
back home and just rekindle no
friendships and you know people used to
hang out with a very younger and to see
how they're doing and just you know hang
out it was really nice and I meet like
seve went to the really nice restaurant
called RSVP it's like a fusion
restaurant work and everything from
mistake - spaghetti to even a few
Chinese bits and bobs sitting nightlife
and Lagos is actually really really fun
went out to this hotel what was it
called again
Fahrenheit Fahrenheit it was really
wasn't here it was like a terrace on the
hotel and we just literally grab some
drinks and hung out was really really
cool yeah it's really buzzing there was
a lot of people there yeah and it's just
nightlife is a lot more better I think
like weather's great as well you can
wherever you want and you get to meet a
lot lot people
beach day that was fun that was a lot of
fun it was more of like an activity yes
we're gonna say that too yeah it was
like a had bars as well so we could grab
drinks
so we're literally just going through
some pictures obviously this is our
childhood home so we always come back
and look at some pictures because it'll
show give me one of this do I look like
drinking this one blue wifey that's too
funny also fun is the dress I want to
show you guys this one it's me and other
and we look like twins here yes it's
only like a year and three months
between Alan and I obviously when were
younger we just look so much alike I
look at the nose and the mouth yeah the
eyes I you will probably a baby don't
worry about three of them look at this
baby that's me and my daddy daddy daddy
let some mug shots of Alan that's 200
where's the one cases at kissing us
because it was a demon child you know
let me show you
yep TT boom then I get this one of mom
and our cousin
oh that's mommy and that's our cousin ed
do it no that's a fee yes I feel
mommy mommy was so pretty mommy still
pretty and look it's not nothing that
Nathaniel
grandma we didn't this baby ain't a lot
yeah and if I don't eat so much yes I
eat so much as I hate so much keep a big
boy he weighed 8 pounds Nathaniel was 8
pounds when he was born that's not a big
isn't it yeah that's like a potato pack
there's another wall of nut I'll try
cutie and he was very very fast oh look
at this one
oh no chang-su minimal day we love
shopping at the Palms and had so many
nice shops you had
so hope you guys enjoyed that video give
it a thumbs up something different on my
channel and make sure you subscribe to
kiss his channel she's gonna have a few
recipes inspired by recent trip on yes I
am I
let's have a drink and let's have a
drink
all right then they get a bit of you
should be about yeah usually this will
be drunk in a glass and if you're super
chilled is chilled out but hi everyone
welcome man
it's very quite laughing perfect hi
everyone
Jaffa hello everyone welcome back to my
channel so I have my sister kisser if
there's like a diversity lover just feel
I hope it is hey bitches welcome back to
my channel
hmm oh you're not even that one no
problems
