good morning guys it's about 10:00 a.m.
on Monday morning and Ali and I've just
finished packing because we're heading
to Sweden today we are going to be
taking part in the sunset relay which is
in Lapland and it's organized by Garnier
and the European Cancer League and it's
basically just to raise awareness about
the damage Sun can do to your skin and
protecting yourself accordingly so we
are heading out there first we've got
two flights to get and you guys are
going to come along with us well this is
definitely a different look for me
there's no Gucci bags or Balenciaga bags
and certainly no makeup I am carrying
this massive thing on my back and I
think it weighs more than me I'm also
wearing my t-shirt that was given to me
by a lovely group of guys when I was at
body power and it says love sport beat
racism and I just think it is a great
cause and it's really comfortable too
I'm also wearing my new adidas trainers
which I'm going to be running in during
the race but they're super comfortable
so it seems silly not to travel in them
we've arrived at Heathrow I think we're
running a little bit late so we're going
to go and take it in and then hopefully
spend the money in duty-free
so we just had the most distressful
check-in at
and as possible expires next one and
they
last travel they said that we needed
three months and we did double check and
luckily they've let us fly but we only
have like minutes to spare so we're
going to head to a flight now
so we just landed in Stockholm and we
are trying to find our next slide to
Karuna and we have no idea where we are
so we're just gonna walk around until we
find it
you
and we finally landed in Kiruna it's 11
o'clock at night and it's still broad
daylight
it's very green and I thought it's gonna
be like England but this is nothing like
England it's 1:00 a.m. in the morning
and it's still light outside we've just
reached our hotel and had a sandwich and
now we're going to try and get some
sleep because we've got to be up about
five five vanity to leave such a
beautiful place behind tired
good morning everyone is about 5:30 in
the morning it's still light outside and
we're about to go downstairs I think
that the bus is Natalie and we're going
to head up to where the race is going on
and to show you all of the action and
then I think tomorrow is when I'll be
running my leg and tomorrow morning is
when Ali will be doing his Tuesday stay
tuned
we've had about four hours sleep and
we've just stopped out to have some
lunch I've been asleep most of the time
on the bus
to try and catch up but Ali's going to
be racing tonight this is the bus that
most people are sleeping on but I think
tonight I'll be going back to going back
to a hotel to stay in lucky me because
I'm not racing in till 5:00
hi everyone so been a bit of a tiring
day I'm still tired I still haven't got
enough sleep I've been quite an
experience so far we've been on a bus
everyone's sleeping or rushing around
I've come to a really nice hotel to get
some sleep before I raised tomorrow at 5
p.m. and I will see you in the morning
Ali's about to do his second second part
of the relay but we're gonna get some
food
you
okay so I am waiting to go and run my
leg at the race I've got about 45
minutes left so I'm gonna have a coffee
for my pre-workout as I would normally
have and then I'm running with two other
girls so Ali's going to take over the
camera from now and hopefully hopefully
he will get some good footage
if not I'll kick in
tired Tyron i've got so sorry for them
they weren't so sorry to me good day
yeah stick it like you had a good run
and I the fact I finished was I was
fighting a stitch from like the third
the third kilometer and like I thought
oh my god because usually I just stop if
I get stitch but I did that thing that
you Toby's do yeah and I lifted my arm
up and then step my foot and it didn't
get it got rid of it but I can still
feel it but I made it six months myself
six kilometers that's the most I've ever
fun oh good excellent
just get some drink yeah Eastern water
they even asked someone when we were
running like so we were back the hotel
it was really nice that I had a shower
and then we all run the last little bit
of the relay together and now
they're having a beber party in the
middle of the street which is pretty
amazing and that's what you can use
we're going to show you that now
you
and finally we are at the last hotel
that we will stay in tonight is really
really nice it's a bit dark because we
can't work out how to turn on the lights
but we've got bathrobes which seeing as
we feel so disgusting I cannot wait to
snuggle in
morning everyone
so me and Ally got back late last night
and this morning we've unpacked and had
a shower had a bit of a refresh but well
what a journey we have had in Sweden it
was amazing
spending four whole days in daylight was
the most real experience taking part in
such an amazing race over 1300
kilometers I can't I just can't believe
that we had that opportunity it doesn't
feel real it doesn't feel like it
happened to us we're both just so amazed
that we got to take part and we're so
inspired as well I really want to to
work more on getting better at running
and doing it a lot more because I was
surrounded by athletes that like run 70k
in their spare time and that's amazing
the endurance that their bodies can can
withstand and their constant motivation
they're just ready to go all the times
if someone was was injured they were
happy so to take over and just do their
leg without even thinking about it and
that was just so inspirational
especially for someone like me because I
was totally out of my comfort zone and
yeah it was it's just I feel totally
inspired and so motivated and to have
done it for such a good cause as well
I'm a big factor 50 wearer so spreading
awareness about sun damage is really
really important and especially at this
time of year it's boiling in England so
yeah it's it's just been such a surreal
experience and we're both just so
thankful to have taken part and I really
really hope you've enjoyed watching my
first vlog
and I hope you enjoyed coming along with
me to Sweden and I'm just excited to
show you more so stay tuned for the
other blog posts as well
