hello babes so I just wanted to quickly
introduce this vlog because it's a
little bit random I went to buy as you
can tell from the title of this vlog to
go and stay with my friend Angela it's
kind of a holiday kind of see Angela and
I had planned to properly vlog it as I
usually would do but before I went to
Dubai I was kind of feeling a bit like
just out of sorts with everything I'm
not really no I wasn't motivated but I
just didn't feel like vlogging and
anyone that makes content you know that
if you don't feel like doing it you
probably shouldn't do it because you're
just not in the right headspace for it
it's really weird too
it's really hot it's really weird to
explain but it wasn't it was partly
because I was staying with Angela who
for those of you that remember a few
years ago I lived in London and Angela
was my friend that I lived with and
she's been in the Middle East for like
two years now but she moves to buy about
six months ago and so I haven't properly
seen and spent time with her for ages so
part of it was I just wanted to be with
Angelo and just enjoy the time with her
and just be present and not constantly
thinking I'm gonna vlog I'm gonna do
this because I barely even really took
pictures I just wanted to be there and
just experience and also cuz I've never
been to Dubai before so I kind of just
wanted to take it all in and I just feel
like I didn't have the capacity to think
about trying to vlog as well as just
being in the moment and I knew as
predicted when I got back that I would
regret that and I would wish that I had
flogged more and editing was talked
together I do wish that I'd booked more
of course so I didn't even vlog
everything that I did but this is just
kind of snippets of what I did
whilst I was away I had the most
incredible time I wasn't really
expecting much I was just happy to be
going away and having a holiday and
being in the Sun but I just fell in love
with Dubai and hopefully I'll be going
back next year
I'm sure Angela will be there for the
foreseeable future so I've no doubt that
I'll have more tips of Dubai then I can
properly blog next time I go because
I'll know what to expect but yeah I had
an amazing time and as I said I didn't
even really vlog everything that we did
there's one clip in this vlog which I
will explain we went to Abu Dhabi for
the day and that's because
Angela works for a department store
they're called Triano
and she had an event that evening that
we had to go to so we went to Abu Dhabi
to have a spa day and then we went to
try on her in the evening and because
she had put together a master class with
a makeup artist called him - and the
implements are called Rania so there's a
little bit of that in there that's just
to explain why we were there because it
kind of is a bit random like why would
you go to that event but that was why
cuz it was Angela's event so obviously I
went to go and see see her store and see
what she does which was really nice I
just wanted to introduce this vlog
regularly scheduled programming will be
back up and running next week I feel
like I've been a bit m.i.a just all over
social media it's actually also my
birthday today the day this vlog goes up
the second of October so I've actually
spent it working because I had loads of
stuff to do but I had the whole weekend
off and also I feel like Dubai was a
little bit of a birthday celebration so
I've had a lovely time and I going out
to dinner this evening yes another year
older but I hope that you guys enjoy
this vlog and it's not too random I
thought I would just upload it anyway
and as I say I'll see you on my next
video
have you have you've been to Dubai maybe
this will be a nice kind of nostalgia
for you don't forget to subscribe if
you're not and I'll see you in the next
one
I can see your mouth now I'm in Dubai
I'm currently at my friend Angela's
apartment
maybe that's apologies my dick what if I
don't look my best
I got in this morning at 6:30
Oh - and I arrived to Angelo's about 8
o'clock and I just passed on the
Seraphim hen asleep because it was a
night flight which I thought I would
sleep on and I didn't really so I needed
to get some sleep because I was
exhausted I've now had a shower I've got
me half spruced up but my SPF on because
I'm gonna head down to Angela's pool
she's at work she have to go to wets
mornings but she'll be back this evening
and so yeah I'm just chilling out today
and then we have like a spa day but
tomorrow some friends of hers I think it
may be one of their birthdays that we're
gonna go up to some restaurants that we
wanna go to so yeah I'm here tour
someday I leave Monday morning and I'm
just gonna have a nice big juicy her
flat I'm so cute isn't it look at it
look at that view it's not really
anything it's just building but pretty
decent living situation she's go ahead
so yes white was fine I meant a blog a
bit more like a cute Lynch oh and me
being at the airport stuff though in all
honesty I it was the first time I signed
by myself and I'm such a nervous flier
actually I'm a lot better than I was but
I still get quite nervous so I couldn't
really think no I was like I just want
to get to Dubai home please I'm still
quite tired so and it's about 40 degrees
no it's not it's like 31 degrees 82
degrees I think so let's see how long we
lost by the pool
I let me see what the temperature is
saying oh oh God yay okay
as I can see
