hello welcome to another weekly blog I'm
driving so I'm on my way to my mom's
house because she texts me this morning
because she's away and she said would
you mind going to take out my recycling
bins because I haven't for them out so
I'm going to do her little favor
and I'd like Benj at home because I
accidentally stood on my radiator last
night open my window so my feelings are
so high I can't reach the window to pull
it open without turning on the radiator
and the window sill and anyway I've done
that quite a few times in the last year
and I would see too much pressure on it
it came off the bracket on the wall so
thank God my boyfriend is an electrician
even though he normally deals an
electric snot like plumbing he's quite
the handyman so we went to go to last
night and he's going to put my radiator
back on the wall
we're long selective you've been so kind
and patient with me and and he is
currently flowing out while I go on this
errand for my mom I also need to print
some documents because we're going on
holiday this week yes don't I love to
Tenerife on Sunday so I'm going to cut
the vlog off on Friday because on
Saturday we're going to my friends at
Dean's 30th birthday which is in Horsham
which is not far from Gatwick so what
I'm going to do is get a horse shouldn't
go to the party then we're going to stay
at a hotel and get work and then we have
a 7:00 a.m. flight on Sunday so you will
get a pen or flog I don't think it's
going to be up would it be up for the
month before next Monday I'm not sure
yet so just like bear with me on that
one it's a bit like when I did Benidorm
not too sure if I'll get up on time I'll
try my best but we're basically going to
cross today Jay I've never been to ten
hours before I've done Gran Canaria for
two Ventura
Lanzarote that I've never in ten area so
this would be the fourth canary island
that I've been to I'm very excited we
just wanted to get away get some Sun
and it's an adults-only all-inclusive
really lovely resorts so I'm going to be
vlogging a bits of that I'm not going to
create a big blog because we're
literature's going to be lying on a Sun
bed by a pool first I just said at the
time but I'm going to vlog bit you know
the hotel and we're going to Sian Park
so I'm going to be producing a little
vlog for that as well
and working with a company called
attractions tickets direct so you will
see some content for that next week or
the week after
either way it's coming my brain is so
frazzled but thankfully Monday today so
I'm not working today the rest of this
week is going to be pretty dull actually
it's just me working for doing two weeks
of work in one so that I can go away
obviously and yeah working I'm ketchups
and Friends of sleek we're going to go
see Baywatch tonight the new film ow I
love that guy fron and engine of it I
was like I really can see that new
Baywatch film I was like really he was
like yeah yeah looks like good look so
funny Oh like okay who's me I'll
definitely go see it so I think we're
going to try to see that tonight and
I've got an unlimited card Cineworld
cards so we only have to pay for him and
because he's studying you know he works
full-time but he is technically like
doing some qualifications he's a student
so I get student pricing as well so
that's always ideal so the cinema is a
really nice date night it just doesn't
cost a lot at all we've been watching
line of duty we finished season 1 and 2
the sea hand we just finished the last
episode of season 2 this morning and we
absolutely loved it season 1 wasn't it
in there but we had so many good things
about season 2 that we like you know we
part with it we persisted with it oh my
god oh my gosh I'm delusional
season 3 was definitely better really
enjoyed it and there's apparently in
season 3 and 4 so I think we're going to
want to try watch season 3 today got my
documents printed I printed our boarding
passes as well even though I've got them
on our wallets on our phones I've done
Benji's on his phone too but I thought I
put them just in case I've also got a
hotel for Saturday night printed and
sian part ticket so that's all good so I
need to go there and do that anyway now
quarter to twelve so it's magic lovely
in the day already and I'm going to stay
at vendors house tonight what's more I'm
working tomorrow
Mike this is gem waiting one last gem
session for I'm in a bikini
eating and drinking for a week morning
it's 6:52 a.m. I'm just leaving Benji's
to go to the gym gym is actually
changing over from a virgin to a David
Lloyd tomorrow they're going to be
closed for 24 hours and so I thought I
better squeeze in a session today just
in case I don't have all the time in the
world in the week so now I'm going out
for dinner with Meghan on Thursday I
want to get my packing wizards on
Wednesday night so and then it's Friday
and will I realistic you want to go to
the gym on the Friday before I go a long
way go edit the vlog and stuff so
honestly think this is probably the last
time nurse was in a session this week
hello
it's six o'clock and I had just got the
shower obviously and I'm going to head
on over to Ben juice house in a minute
I'm going to stay there tonight again I
haven't got a lot done in the flat today
but I've been doing a lot of work admin
editing emails my free on social media
stuff I ended up doing a bit overtime
today I'm working today
tomorrow and Thursday and I potentially
have Friday to work on it as well
because I'm doing like I said two weeks
worth of work and one I haven't had
lunch today I'm really hungry it's a bit
of an odd week really I'll go to my
mom's tomorrow though and she's going to
cut my hair I'm looking forward to
having some layers topped in not always
not a hairdresser I just can't afford to
get ahead just at the moment I just find
it so expensive it's like fifty quid to
get my hair cut and dried and my mum can
do as good a job as the hairdresser's
she's really talented so I'll show you
tomorrow before and after but it's just
too thick where am I face and it was
frozen up on Saturday we'll move up the
MacGuffin project so do you really want
to get a cut so yeah that's pretty much
my day and my evenings really
boring today I feel like this is a
really wasted vlog but I'm hopefully
tomorrow be more exciting so I'm staying
for one night Benji's I'm using an
aerial bag these are the things I pack
my glasses my sunglasses my purse
this little zoella bag which has got lip
balm and my pill and my contact lenses
in a spare pair of underwear for
tomorrow
and a hairbrush that's all I need the
rest I have a his house so there we go I
am heading on over now so I'll catch you
later okay this is our dinner
we've got stuffed peppers whoo YUM I
mean they're actually look like nice
functional taste right before I never
take masters IV in the photo - tea also
really came for my generally pollinator
interesting yeah winner look sorry
we watched I was eating I thought you
meant us me morning it's Wednesday I
woke up thinking of a Thursday it's not
it's Wednesday I'm just as seven o'clock
and of syphilis Benji's and I really
need to get a white cardigan for the
holiday I had one on my last trip in
Benidorm and it's got a bit like
off-white now so this is a ziploc Jackie
obviously but I want to get a cardigan I
think that's like the absolute staple
for any trip for me because it just goes
with every outfit so these get a new one
and I don't want to spend a lot so as
that I also need to get some dinner for
myself tonight the suspense is working
late and I do with more milk and I don't
really want to get too much because I'm
obviously going on holiday so just give
me a few essentials a bit and do a
little meat and then I start like at
8:00 so in the inside I'm back from
after I thought to show you what I got I
found a white cardigan it's absolute
perfect actually I went the size I've
got 14 and it's 8 pounds and it's
exactly what I wanted
plain white color B so that is going to
go on homey and then I also picked up a
new pair of gym leggings I really wanted
a pair of gray gym bottom so a poor
medium by joonas they're going to be too
small I'm going to probably find them
anymore large but I
little and I took boys a bit on the foot
first bottom of the ankle and yet
they've got really cozy and nice I've
got a lot of head of black but I'm going
to mix it up and then the other day one
bench and I went to the beach we took
some food out we took our dinner down
and I didn't have a core bag so I've
been on the hunt for one this was seven
pounds and its really cute because it's
got like bunnies and like little garden
basket and plant pots on it got to dip
at the front and then it's literally
just your Bob Turner cool bag but I like
the fact it's got fairly decent handles
as well so I can carry it on my shoulder
so that's going to go up with my
shopping bags if it's more deodorant
it's my favourite mitchum unscented it
was cheap and fifty announcer picked up
saving mr. banks because it's not on
it's not on Disney life and I couldn't
see it on Netflix and it's a film I
wanted to keep anyway so it was only
three pounds and Benji haven't seen it
and he loves Mary Poppins so I'm going
to try mention water swimming
well another try he will watch it but I
think I got some magazines full of
holiday so I just got all like the
trashy ones I never really buy magazines
anymore I'm waiting for Cosmo and a new
cosmos come through the door this week
but I picked up look heat and closer and
then quick Stinson look with any account
but the other two were one-pound 70 but
I absolutely love trashy magazines when
your holiday just flicking through on a
Sun Lounger
and then I got a lunchbox saying because
or it's pretty much almost identical to
Benji's but I'm my love's in hand I
don't have I mean so so I get my own now
and this is only one pound fifty the
Georgia Asda home range
I've got some pots of joy button these
are my favorite with some raspberries
positon pyjama put the two together over
like some almond milk yeah and milk some
dairy milk Fredo faces a plastic cup
with hearts on it I'm just a lot of
juice and I'm conjugating through
glasses on my glass table so I thought I
just pick up a plastic cup pop I can't
talk today a plastic cup just for me and
then for dinner tonight I've got myself
some salmon
this was quite this it was like five
pounds fifty which I didn't realize and
but it will be two males for me semana
beans
I saw these mini jacket potatoes don't
really mean any carved but oh well and
some coleslaw and I just saw some cheese
strings and I love these so got to nose
as well so that's everything I've got
also I picked up these the other day
after seeing them in the main Chelsea
advert bays
iced latté oh my gosh these are amazing
so nice I love Bailey's I love iced
coffee I do what for an iced coffee
company so that's inevitable last days
of my favorite so yeah right I love
these I'm very happy to find those in
Tesco and then I've got new I am back in
the car and my mum has cut my hair so
yeah I'm really happy with it because
it's like nice and lights got layers in
it little bit shorter
I've got a little bit of shape around my
face and I just really needed it done
okay so I'm just putting on the election
debate Oh spot star and I'm eating my
dinner I started eating it already buzz
got salmon potatoes couscous
runner bean Sameach I don't know why I'm
watching this because I've already voted
but it's interesting is now it's pop-up
seven I want to do the live streams and
I spoke which was really nice so thank
you for tuning into doc oh yeah what do
you think we just finished baby mr.
Phang enjoy it
I tried the first time I watched it
twice when she's crying I cried but love
such a lovely film and now at that time
for love Tresor especially does need
yeah and you know it was actually true
like you into the pitch the create
really nice I love that but no no no
possible that was really good
so now 10:00 p.m. I said I don't
Saturday no nothing sexy thing it's
perfect and it went very centrist good
version which she's treating all right
I've an event good morning everyone
it's Thursday I keep thinking on the
head like a day ahead of myself but it's
Thursday it's two days to be on holiday
so well 333 it's 8 o'clock sort of start
work oh I've been away for an hour to
spend time to work Oh got some emails
already and he went to work early a big
week with Ella mm yeah I just been
struggling trying to find the motivation
to get up and go today I'm going to a
Greek restaurant it's called the real
Greek sink or something and that's just
opened up in town I'm going for dinner
with Meghan she finishes work at like
half I've been meeting her like close to
6:00 I finished at work it's quarter
past 1:00 so I'm now going to slip over
to do both intake stuff and I'm going to
fill my packing video I need to film it
edit it and upload it today before I get
for dinner at 5 o'clock
high five so there's my packing I'm just
kind of eating my lunch we've got
leftovers from my dinner last night so
good salmon virgin potatoes and ok
that's pretty much my dad very exciting
oh this is the spec of my room
I haven't quite finished and I don't
think I'm going to get the video done
so I'm abandoning this idea and I'm
going into town and this cardigan I
picked up some Asda is way too big
enough for teens I'm going to switch out
for 12 so I need to find new time
receipt that was annoying they didn't
have my size in that cardigan which is
the shanks it's a really nice quality
and it was cheap so I'm actually going
to town to meet Megan for dinner anyway
I'm going to go and get some earrings we
talked about this all my earrings on my
bags I have two pairs of solid earrings
I love wearing and I've lost the back of
them and they don't fit on each other
bit of a nightmare
so I'm going to get a new pair finally I
handle myself pair earrings in years I'm
literally talking years so I'm going to
get some earrings and a good prime I can
get a white cardigan there but this one
is so old and lost its color that I want
a new one hit my car so I've been
shopping I went to Primark and I tried
loads of stuff on in those shops but I'm
not really in a spendy kind of mood I
don't know I don't really like I'm
trying things on like nana worth the
price tag but I did pick up a really
pretty dress in Zara which I'm going to
wear Saturday's my friend's birthday
it's white and lacy and it's really nice
so I'm glad I got found something
because I'm on the shores going to be
wearing it's now 20 plus 5 so I mean to
Megan in about 20 minutes or so and it's
such a lovely evening and apparently
this new wheel Greek place has seating
outside so I might go on up order myself
a lemonade and get a table
oh look at this sunshine I met Megan
look how nice it is and we've got what
have we got this is our like first
courses we've got some chickpeas hummus
and some bread yay I'm excited Asst this
is amazing
oh my gosh yay this is quite easy to eat
as well oh my god yummy just finish
together with Megan it was so yummy
thank you very much Megan for a lovely
evening we haven't had a catch-up in
like two or three weeks we had a case
from the phone when I was away in
Benidorm but I haven't seen her since so
it was super nice to catch up properly
it's about they seem really nice in the
real Greek actually really really lovely
and the outside area was like really
probably summery and it's good that it
could be my dessert was a bit nurse I
think Megan the really enjoy has either
but our main we're really great because
we did like a thirty-six pounds share a
platter things that we just played
heartbeat and we basically got like I
was up to pick what we wanted some
except we had lots different trays
I hope I've been in town and the dual
carriageway is like over the side I'm
going to drive down to my mother's which
is a bit of a mission however I have
liked time on my hands I'm going to
drive to my mum and get a Nana's and
parcel is just arrived today I had it
turned to her because I thought it's
more likely she to guard for me which
dared integrate and it's actually one of
those like I'll show you it when I get
it why perfect indications I've got a
I bet the CLE orders one of those oh
I'll show you when I get a full view
bout the water and phrasing I have one
and it's so good so I've ordered one for
our holiday and I'm so excited now so I
put my out of office on
I thank my boss and everything's like
handed over and done I've had pretty
much done everything the web social
media so I schedule my clients stuff and
it was quite heavy like in terms of
workload
I've done quite a live a lot few days
I'm feeling really good and that's all
done so tomorrow I'm going to do the
packing video which is quite me that
today I'm going to go home of them mine
and the outfits that I want to take the
cover the places that we creep anytime
those and then lay everything out
properly ready to do a packing video so
it's really easy to do how can you go
and slap my euros they're coming
tomorrow and pay that I've ordered euros
should you know a karaoke with my mum's
third party and lavender taken drama
whole body I'm going to be some old
school favorite so do be true
oh my god
Ryback I thought it was me oh my god
I love kissing at dogs I saw them in
concert on page I palmitate who the snow
comes with Avenue and right now I did
pick it any longer
summer we were stronger all we do is
rain you listen to my singing and I hate
this question why should you stay calm
for once instead of flying off the
handle
I hope you're happy I hope you're happy
now shy of your brow you will grovel in
submission to your own ambition
thank you understand we're having to
accepting there is someone said that
though something back okay I Canada mini
haul for you so this is the ball seems
Victor's I have to order a little ball
but it's called a I think how you plant
it wah buh-bah what but--will Babu but
it's a pro one I know if that makes any
difference
let's kind of focus that agree there we
go it's a pro and we didn't get to pick
the color so it's got this kind of like
check early color which don't
particularly like that I wanted a red
and black one burr that's fine it
basically bounces on water it's quite a
like nifty little thing really okay and
it was like seven pounds I think hmm I
just picked up these little flower hair
clips because I thought it was so pretty
solid a the kind of like crocodile clip
so they're really easy to wear and I
just thought they'd be really pretty so
I picked myself some those and then in
Primark I've got four bags of my
favorite which in accordance
chokolate chips coconut things I picked
up a new little purse even though I
absolutely adore my little Jack wheels
Carl told one I keep losing it and I
want to find a bit bigger I can put my
euros in on holiday so I'm using this
little white thing it was four pounds
and then I got some anklets I'm actually
wearing the bottom one but look how
pretty these are they were two pounds I
love anklets and I was wearing one and
lost it so I've got a little blue and
gold BB one on at the moment and there's
some stairs and then I picked up there
like night dress I guess it's going to
be instead of pajamas and so pretty at
hand percent cotton it's just a dress
and I prefer wearing these in bed on
holiday and just because they're nice
and light and cool and lovely so I've
got a new one and then I went to Zara
Russ this is bizarre a dress I'm going
to wear on Saturday for the party
this was quite ignored management it was
40 pounds
I just didn't envision spending that
money on a dress today but it looks so
nice on me and so it is just a white
lace dress but what's really nice is
it's got um I scooped back so that that
goes off at the top and is it open back
for you wear it with no bra and honestly
it looked so pretty on I couldn't help
myself you know when you try something
on and you just feel really pretty in it
kind of like that and it's payday today
so I could pack up so that's everything
um another saw out my stuff it's
actually like the cool +8 so getting
late I need to inland morning it is
Friday which means only two days were
actually leaving but we actually are
going tomorrow so we can start the
holiday tomorrow which is exciting and
but I slept like an absolute baby we
went to bed at like 10:00 half Kennish
and I didn't wake up once which is great
plan of action today is to get packing
get filming the packing video get
editing and uploading it then I'll go
ahead it's a weekly vlog this blog and
then then just going to pick me up later
because I'm going to stay here again
tonight and so that my car is still at
mine and everything is here so I'll show
you these my little earrings I picked up
so I basically had pretty much identical
ones and they were so old and the backs
were those right backs anymore and they
were falling out and when my mom did my
hair the other day as she brushed my
head it fell out and I was like I can't
go away without just something in them
and I just wanted something planes I
went to H Samuel I asked on Twitter no
to be recommended like Claire's and
accessorized by I needed them to be
either sterling or white gold and I told
the lady that most earrings I wear do
you make me because I have very
sensitive skin and a lot of my jewelry
is silver she said to go for white gold
so we went for white gold and then I got
to pick which side I'm on talented and
these ended up being about
thirty pounds so they were little pricey
well I don't know in comparison to some
of the like sterling someone's if you
can just wear normal silver then you can
get cheap earrings that we thought this
size kind of suited me best so I love
them
so yeah they need to my life that I can
like accidentally hit them now they
don't fall off which is great that was
really boring I'm going to go home
currently doing some pining I've painted
my nails red I wasn't sure I we're going
to have pink buy her pink in Benidorm
and it chipped really bad and I know
that this is quite a good color it's a
wet and wild megalast I got it in New
York
I don't know if you can get one one in
the UK and but it's called I read a good
book balloon Rouge is the color I've got
on my toes and matching on my fingers so
I think it looks really nice and yeah
I've just got a couple of dresses to
iron some rubbish take out more to ring
to do so just doing like bits and bobs
really that's my hand luggage and this
is my room so it's coming together and
I'm putting things in piles these are my
bikinis yeah I know have a lot bikinis
that's all like toiletries and stuff I
need to sort out hand luggage bags book
game shoes that kind of thing and I'm
going to put it all in here and film it
so I need to move this camera
it's almost really handsome Zion because
it's ending mayor's do it if we have to
fold it king gratefulness I wanna live
live this life normally my love until I
take not being funny the toiletries have
taken me so much longer I actually have
three Sun creams and a little one here I
absolutely love the p.m. but this one's
coconut water which is really nice in
Primark and I love the smell of is
Malibu one I'm catering for Benji and I
so whatever I don't use I'm just going
to leave there but they're not all full
either so that's kind of annoying I
didn't know where to get rid of one but
I don't know how quicker go to some
cream and this one's like a spray oil
things I'm not sure but I've got some
body moisturiser my eczema cream
deodorant shampoo conditioner shaver my
cleanser contact lenses toothbrush and
toothpaste muslin cloth moisturiser
stuff for my hair that's also for my
hair although I'm like running out this
I'm only if I can I've got big version
ah oh ok hold on soap & Glory sent me
mini versions of sugar crush because I
love it I actually have a body cream
over there so I don't really need to
take two so we'll leave that one and
alright let's squish that down again
then I've got a mini pair of scissors
super helpful if you ever have like new
clothes and labels in or you know when
you want to cut out the label in like
bikinis and stuff I forgot so I always
take little scissors after some and I'm
just going to do my other bits and put a
couple of hair brushes I'm really taking
my tangle teezer and my wet brush I need
to like be hair them but wet brush is
amazing they're both amazing and that's
my GHD paddle brush so I'm making
progress but I'm actually just going to
sort this situation out first I also
have this little travel-size okay I've
got an Asda which has like plasters and
but all your first-aid bits but I always
take this away with me too it's gonna be
kind of hard to show you but I've got
paracetamol I've got anthis an allergy
tablets fight spray and bonjela
you never know when you're going to need
these things so yeah got all that as
well
I've finished it's only my packing video
I've issued it I'm uploading it I've
done the thumbnail I just need to do the
description because I've said I'll link
this below I think this below link was
below 100 things to go fine now online
but I do need to try on my travel
outfits deal and I just couple another
couple of bits as loads of things I need
to do I need to wash my makeup brushes
I've got things to charge still I've got
a pack of bags for tomorrow because
we're actually going away tomorrow but
we're staying up in London so I need to
tell you the flat put the ironing board
away do the last little bit of
washing-up there I've just got so much
to get on with really and I need to
finish this vlog edit it finish editing
it I have edited up to now and export it
I just got so much to do today I don't
know why I'm opening max I'm going to
close in a minute but anyway I'm going
to carry on slow and steady wins the
race
Ben's come to get me at 6 o'clock is 25
plus 5 I still got to do the washing up
and the lounge is pretty much almost at
my bedroom is a bit of a disaster where
I've pulled clothes in and out and
everything so much off really get that
done but I'm packed and the packing
video is up and I'm pretty pleased about
that and what happens I have to think
about what I'm going to wear to my
friend's party tomorrow I'm going to do
my hair in the hotel and so I need an
outfit to travel in the car I'm going to
travel outfit on Sunday so there's like
three outfits I have to plan a nanny
clothes for tonight / tomorrow morning
so I've packed enough underwear for like
two weeks just so I've covered my
grounds and I've been on the phone to
British Gas again I don't know if I told
you guys about this last week I've had a
lot of problems with my British gas gown
it's pretty boring to be honest but
they've been taking up a lot of my time
and I finally got it resolved today so
yeah basically my account got mixed up
with my neighbours and I have given 4
maybe 5 gas and electric readings now no
exaggeration so that's all done and I'm
feeling good
and I can't believe I'm actually back on
holiday
so now I'm going to Benji's and our
weekend and holiday begins I will
obviously be blogging so the end of this
vlog means that there will be a Tenerife
vlog I'm going to make it very montage I
sort and snappy and sweet lots of clips
of our food and our hotel room the
travel bits I know you guys like all
that stuff and then definitely vlogging
at Sian part that really looked into if
I can take a GoPro on and I can I'm
going to be working with a company
called attraction tickets direct as well
it's really really really cool and what
else is going on I'm not I'm just as I
want to take my laptop or not I think I
will I think I will have my laptop with
me and so I'm going to like hide all my
valuables lock up the windows my
neighbours around and my family I'm
going to pop in and check on it as well
so I'm not too worried so it doesn't
make me worry because it is the longest
I've been away from my flat for a while
because I film with only four five days
four days Benetton was only four days I
haven't it away from my flat since
December but it's all good and also
before I go I wanted to show you how
cute these pins Bengie families on an
old lanyard and he gave them to me look
at these they say 75 years with Mickey I
love these so much he goes no I love
pins and he gave them to me so I'm going
to put those on my pin board I'm gonna
go now have a really great week
everybody please do check out my
Instagram so you can watch my holiday
stats and Instagram stories and things
like that if you haven't seen already
but do check out my packing videos I
hope to just done today my Benidorm
closet vlog vlog if you missed that and
I'm just so excited to bring Conover
though so I'll see you guys in a week
I'm going to do my best to get the
Tenerife vlog up on Monday so next
Monday when you watch this and but I
actually land on Sunday evening so bear
with me on that one
and if it's not up then it will be with
you later on that week so I feel like
I'm leaving you forever okay I'm going
to go and have a good week see you soon
bye
you
