morning it is Saturday morning and we're
having a kind of restful slow weekend
this weekend i thought i'd make a little
blog and show you what we're up to today
always rushing around during the week
we've got loads to do and i'm always
trying to cram lays in so yeah we
thought we would just slow down today
and not do a lot i am gonna cook dinner
in the slow cooker which I'll show you
and the more I do you think about dinner
and it's not even breakfast time but
yeah i'll show you what we're up to
today this what are you up to hurry this
morning are you he's going to come to
the post office you need a customer Oh
should I come
so we've had the breakfast and we've
done a bit of playing and in my slightly
chaotic busy at mum life i forgot that
book to have my hair done this morning
so that kind of slightly puts paid to
our slow family morning however as a
busy mum slowing down and having my hair
done is the ultimate in so slow luxury
just like taking some time to sit and
have my hair cut is there like the most
amazing luxury when you're a mom anyone
agreed you know that and you feel that I
do and and I'm gonna have a special
trait and I'm gonna sit and paint my
nails while I am in there which will be
really nice
so it's part of our slow restful day I
am about to make something to be a slow
cooker for tonight it is a simply beef
and lamb recipe from their website will
put the link below to that it's a pepper
pot of students really nice I've been
working with simply beef and lamb on
their slow food campaign which is
they're trying to get people to slow
down from their busy lives kind of cook
more slowly think about a slow food
movement which if you know anything
about it was like a movement that
started in Italy and it was kind of and
I antidote to fast food just getting
people to make think about where their
food comes from a bit more and yes so
that inspired us to have this like slow
restful day and I found it really hard
this morning even just to like not do
loads of jobs and just have a rest and
that's made me think that maybe I do
need to slow down a bit more and but
yeah I think maybe slowing down of
different to different people and kind
of taking time out of your schedule is a
good thing so yeah but I'm going to go
make this fit in an hour so that kind of
slow afternoon and not have to think
about dinner which is perfect and
exactly what I was trying to achieve
today
so here is my beef and onion and time
and butternut squash and sweet potato
and chili and coconut milk and garlic
and what else both not said beef stock
all in here for my and pepper potts to
which is on this simply beef and lamb
website which I will link to below for
you to go and find the recipe if you'd
like to make it yourself obviously show
you later what it looks like when it's
finished but it already smells amazing
and that's on high and for I think it
four to six hours so hopefully that will
be just right for our dinner time
you
so we're home and my I've added some
spinach to my pepper pot shoe and it
smells absolutely amazing kind of just
say as well let's double the recipe that
i'll put the link to it supposed to be
48 people there m if you are on slimming
world it was a whole tin of light
coconut milk which is 12 sins for eight
people so it would be like one and a
half since per portion but looks amazing
so just the bath the children Barnes
he's just finishing it off and saying
goodnight I've just made a cup of tea
pretty crazy here and lick my Yankee
Candle very nice and we are just going
to settle in watch a bit of TV and have
a restful early night after our busy day
it worries me how hard i found it have a
slow day and not do anything i think i'm
so used to just like cramming so much in
every day that i just find it really
hard to stop or maybe i'm just saw
person who's slowing down for me means
something different like doing things
slowly like go for a walk and doing
things like that rather than just doing
like nothing or being restful or things
like if you watch my bullet journal
video you know I've been trying to be
more consistent with my meditation and
things like that I might after today i
think i might add something else the
bullet journal about like me time and
just taking some time to take things
slowly and take some change of pace
sometimes maybe a little bit throughout
every day so i have found it really hard
to slow down and yeah there you go so
thank you for watching today and if you
want to find the recipe that I made
there's a link below and also writing a
blog post with tips for how to slow down
when you are addicted to being busy like
me and i will link that below as well
and yeah thank you for watching and i
will see you next time bye
