look at this I don't think I've ever
been so excited in my life
good morning people is bright it is
early it is a gorgeous day and we're
feeling very good today because we have
been commissioned by BBC Worldwide as
part of the real Happiness Project to
get out in nature at a later you know
Michael he loves nature I love doing
this I like going to war you guys know
he loves getting awards and he's been
dragging me along to do this kind of
stuff a little bit the ironic thing is
though I always have to drag petition
kicking and screaming but once I'm out
in nature I absolutely love it and then
I'm the person who's like oh my gosh
let's stay out a little longer
so having a picnic today and everything
you're going to go out there's studies
that show that you know being out in
nature can make you feel more relaxed
can help leave stress help with anxiety
and actually a lot of us I'm not getting
out as much as you possibly can so we're
going and we're going back to Box Hill
which is about 45 minutes to an hour
away and I feel like where we are like
this place is all over so you might even
be able to find something similar for
yourself
so my it's gonna sort of start with the
picnic goodies I'm just going to go and
I might get about the bed made for the
supermarket the time to go get this
picnic
back from the shops now with all of our
snack for our picnic
somebody has raised her head and it's
great excited she's looking particularly
glamorous today meanwhile I look like a
foot I'm ready and raring to go about to
do that picnic life and I don't do a lot
of picnics I'll be I'll be genuinely
honest of you like welcome back I went
for a clinic like a year ago last time
we went to Box Hill over there everyday
it was before greatest for me yeah
basically I was actually pregnant at the
time
they're like the very newly present
top-secret put so top-secret pregnant
and we're going back with going back
we got the grace we got the strawberries
we got the scones we got the cheese we
got the Hummer I feel like I want to
take control but then my yeah you know
I'm doing my can take control how can
you want to take control
big juicy fresh baguette I can tell you
that my family is going to be bad and
rice is going to say I think I did too
much to line I can tell you yours is
gonna be well worth for a matter of fact
you're going to want to take my sandwich
but no I mean II know actually way too
much your heritage the first time which
is going to be actually exploding I was
going to be like sandpaper huh I think
this is quite good meaning for the
kajigger he wasn't my friend did you
make my number I can make my life very I
make it my my girl
you look great you see their mind there
you go they go look at that sandwich
there we've got the cream cheese butter
salmon we've got the cucumber look at
the tomato we've got the crusty loaf
bread the picnic is ready and we are
finally ready to go
the journey that you can identify I
fantasy the majority of it because that
is what I enjoyed what I was you know
halfway right now my standing is
crumbling so hard over my little one
wish is my bidding
is my picnic so we've got a slightly
lost on the way here due to me putting
in the wrong address in there setting
that but it wasn't too bad anyway my dam
here is happy now she's got a piece of
bread to chew on
so yeah pack up our bags and go for a
bit of a stroll ready they're ready
bracelet excited okay if you go in this
is a Happy Valley walk free mile walk
suburbs is an hour and a half that's
enough
good boy how about lunch my let's have a
half way okay we do it halfway what we
have here is expert adventurer Patricia
diving into her sandwich which we
dislocating her jaw to get the sandwich
in and yes ladies and gentlemen we are
still in the carpark
decided to go for a picnic right before
get our vigorous activity on I needed
the energy so did the grave cook was
quite worried because quite a steep hill
I don't know if I do that girl she will
go tumbling down and check out this view
as well
you're just about notes to warframe and
she's trying she's getting stronger hey
look hey oh there we go
yeah so what we learned quite quickly is
that and feels quite steep
maybe we can particularly roll down them
and trying to eat with a baby and a hill
mission aborted
what we see here is the year
cute amorous in its natural habitat
poised thoughtful bossy often eating but
always gracious calm many a time but can
be quite feral if necessary feral are
the hardline tirthikas using just that
we person hello Hey Brosius cute amorous
things out on the hunt for entertainment
and where she can share her cuteness and
Boo Boo's now you guys know I'm not
normally a huge outdoors file when I do
it I actually kind of enjoy it every
time she does it she enjoys it yeah okay
we're about to go into a forest
Michael is taking his pictures physics
about because these at photographer and
he's got skills some really nice news is
it is crazy just I'm I work with BBC
worldwide we want to encourage you guys
to get out and about even if you don't
do it that often like we don't just get
out there in nature take some shots and
beautiful imagery and share it with a
hashtag real happiness for a chance to
be shared on the BBC earth page which is
very cool also if you take some footage
you can upload it on the website or on
the app which will have some links in
the description bar to be featured on a
special BBC earth film so go check that
out if you're something you're
interested in and get involved we're
going to get on with our walk these two
are taking a little mini break over here
I had to swap might got grace now this
is an excellent excellent workout again
extras workout
how you guys doing down there well
retexe me feels really light we've got
this like body carrier thing I've shown
it before in the vlog but it's just an
amazing piece of kit we are super
excited event we've got a bench bench
not just any event but a bench with a
view look at this I don't think I've
ever been so excited in my life oh yeah
you can have food this is good as a
number of reasons where I'm particularly
excited about this firstly because we're
all famished famished
I mean I've had my sandwich in a
sandwich in the carpark the rest of us
I've been running on empty for quite a
while we've been walking up and down the
seriously steep hills which is good fun
but very tiring and now we found a great
bench in a beautiful spot check with
that
remove that : nice and easy really
really enjoy that self today a little
bit different for us just felt good to
kind of escape their escape the city
life definitely something we're going to
do a bit more regularly
Patricius just upstairs pretty great
asleep which means I am on the dinner
duties god help us all I'm pretty
terrible cook but I'm claim anyway but
yeah before I go and do that I'm going
to encourage you guys to go and check
out the BBC earth unplugged YouTube
channel and have a link in the
description box down below and a video
called nature makes you happy really
good video there's even research that
suggests watching nature shows can make
you feel more relaxed and happier so if
you didn't have enough reasons to go
watch it now you do okay
I'm going to go ahead and get on with it
dinner without burning the house down
wish me luck and we'll see you next time
