good morning guys good morning good
morning you join me in like a flower
garden in Hove in Brighton I've got
something absolutely mind-blowing
happening tomorrow I don't even know how
to describe or tell you what's going on
or whether to just leave it for tomorrow
and have you wait and find out
but I've basically got to get my suit
dry-cleaned for an event that I'm going
to tomorrow like oh my gosh literally
don't even know I don't know what to say
about it it's like the craziest thing
that could ever happen to somebody is
happening to me tomorrow and I'm not
getting married it's probably more crazy
than that it's all looking good
everybody I just went in there and I was
like could I get my my suit dry-cleaned
Anisa yet when for I was like tomorrow
when do you want to pick up in the
evening morning if that's okay and
you're okay and I was like okay can I do
you also want the shit done as well yeah
when for its morning morning is that oh
my gosh okay so I'm picking it up
tomorrow
I'm so glad that place was was available
to clean it for me
here we go you may be wondering one
sitting in the passenger seat of my own
car is because I am about to film and
I'm so excited I'm about to film the
next driving challenge and you guys have
been going absolutely I might as well
just comb this on the beach this clip
here let me leave my phone and
everything in the car apart down on the
beach you can hear me you guys have been
going absolutely crazy for these driving
challenges they've been so much fun that
I'm doing a direct line and it is time
for me to shoot the necrons oh I've just
handed my shirt and that's tying my suit
and everything in I've come down and
parked on the beach this is where I'm
gonna begin it and today's challenge I'm
not going to tell you too much because
obviously I don't want to ruin the video
but I basically I'm getting given a
postcode by and I have no idea where it
is
I have to drive there and do whatever
the thing is when I get there it doesn't
really make too much sense and it still
doesn't for me because I don't know
where I'm going I don't know how long
it's gonna take I don't think it's even
going to be probably being brightened
because she sent post code and not road
name and I would know the road name so I
have no idea what to expect all I know
is I've got my car keys and my car and
my camera and everything and we're just
gonna have to see what happens you know
I'm super proper challenge I don't have
a clue what the outcome is going to be
so the next clip I'm gonna film for this
vlog will probably be probably be after
I've done the challenge and I'll let you
know how it went I won't tell you too
much about it I will leave a link down
below the same day as this goes up the
driving challenge will go up so go down
below show it some labs smash the thumbs
up button and just do with the nice
things that you guys always do to those
videos because you guys are amazing
right I'm get back in the car getting in
the passenger seat so that I can film
the intro and people don't think that
I'm filming and driving at the same time
because that that is dangerous I'm a
little bit nervous I'm excited I'll
catch you guys in the vlog in a bit
I just got home everybody but I'm not
gonna stay how long I need to get to the
studio need to go get a film and videos
for whilst we're away on holiday I've
calculated that I've done six and I
think I have seven left to do so many my
laptop and everything in there my wash
bags and gives me put some hair product
in anything else I should probably
change into some jeans right let me work
so let me get changed and I'll catch you
in a bit
all right are you ready let's go to the
studio
look at this everybody it is finally
done guys I've been working on this all
day it is about to be sent over to
direct line this is the new driving
challenge look at that
four three two done honestly I have no
idea when I last blog today it has been
absolutely crazy trying to get these
videos ready like it's almost like I'm
missing out on filming videos today for
you guys to watch in this video and
content because I'm preparing videos for
whilst I'm away I'm about to film a main
Channel video with Zoe now everything is
set up I just finished filming and
editing as you saw the last clip I
believe with me sending over the direct
line video to diet Lian for them to see
well it's been a busy old day guys
we're getting there we're getting that
it is also can I just say what's shown
up to tonight pop is he free its
national skateboarding day and national
Eva selfie day or celebrities healthy I
think it's national I think it's
national celebrity skateboard it's not
celebrity skirt selfie day oh my gosh
right I'm gonna throw this video we're
gonna shut out we finished filming up
that video now it went so so good and
I'm just acting to guard and get some
fresh air it was I'm not gonna give
anything away except from we're gonna
say it was absolutely delicious whatever
we did tasted so so good look at the
weather guys it is so nice tonight I
kind of want to go outside skateboarding
its national skateboarding day national
celebrity escape I'm Joe hey gorgeous
I've hardly seen you today look at your
little carrot sleeping with you were you
cuddling at your favorite toy have you
had a fun day with Zoey
yeah give a nice day oh you're so cute
did you have a nice day with mummy did
you go in a nice walk before me as well
did you
some people said it's weird to kiss your
dog I don't know why I like I suppose I
don't I didn't really think about it
before I had like my own dog but and dog
to me it's just my part of the family
it's just like having like a brother or
a sister or us by then so I just ordered
dinner and I thought there's always said
that the food had arrived
what was the same come back in here
little one don't mind you having a nice
nap in here it's strange how when you
get a new member of the family a new pet
because come over here come and say
hello to everybody we're talking about
You Missy oh now my food has arrived hey
hey thank you so much thank you for the
third time as I was saying it is strange
when you get a new a new pet a new
member of the family because I'm sure
before I had a dog myself I probably
would have thought that kissing a dog as
well would have been strange like it's
hairy it's probably dirty it's a dog why
are you kissing there but I don't really
think about anymore
to me like of course Nala is a dog I'm
not stupid
but she is just part of family aren't
you give me kiss give me kisses I
suppose there's a little bit different
because I've got a pug as well so she's
tiny rather than like a massive black
wolf for something that some people
literally do have although I would love
to get a husky one day a husky would be
amazing but apparently Huskies need six
hours of walk in a day and I don't
really have a spare six hours in my day
so I don't think I could ever get one
I've never really been a fan of like the
salads that you get on the sides of
dishes I always normally just like leave
them or give them somebody else but
reason now try and focus on me
ensure that I eat them so I have like an
agreement with myself that I have to eat
all of the salad before I can start my
main we just got out of the bath and
we're watching breaking the magician's
code in bed I don't know if you guys are
gonna remember this but it was basically
a magic show that shows you how a trick
is done comment down below if you
remember this and then shows you how the
trick is done so it shows you the magic
trick and then it show you how it's done
afterwards and it's done by this guy
with like a mask on his face like a
black mask and it never ever told you
who's the guy who did it although I just
googled it and found out his name was
like Val Valentino or something I don't
know who he is but he had this creepy
ass mask and he was like all black like
normally a mask it look more like a
balaclava
we're like white markings like paint
down his face anyways we're watching it
on Netflix and I don't know I'm watching
it when was that when did this come out
when I was bored if we blacked out 1997
so I was four would you now to saw a
woman in half and then it's bad shows
how how it's done
it's so old-school it's not even
widescreen it's literally like square go
on she's still alive huh but how was it
done well we're about to find out how it
was done the magic show has just
finished and I am absolutely not good
like I didn't even I'm sorry another
asleep they're both fast asleep
I'm gonna hear my vlog now guys don't go
to bed I don't know I'm lying at the
bottom of the bed it just seemed comfy
I'm so excited to be able to say that as
you're watching this the driving
challenge number four it's live and you
guys have shown so much love and support
to the previous three like hundreds of
thousands of views on every single video
thousands of thumbs up and lovely
comments and as you've seen at the
beginning the video and me editing today
I worked my butt off to get this up for
you before I go on holiday so please go
down below I'll leave a link down below
if you don't already know I'm working
with direct line at the moment to learn
how to become a safer driver and they
sorted out my lessons for me for how to
drive and it's just been it's been
awesome it's been really really awesome
and the fourth challenge is up it was
from one of you guys that suggested it
in the comments of the third video so
your comment could be in this new video
as well which is exciting for one of you
thank you for watching this video I
really really hope you enjoyed it like I
said earlier I'm not gonna make a big
thing out of it but I know that the
videos for the last couple of days
haven't been as entertaining because
I've been really really trying to
prepare videos for what slow go away
including a new main channel video
though short like I've prepared so many
videos I think of a pet like 11 or 13 or
something ridiculous for watch them away
I still got a ton of editing stuff to do
tomorrow and I got it wrong alia I'm not
doing the absolute mind-blowing thing
tomorrow it's actually happening in one
Thursday like it is I don't I don't know
if I'm gonna I think I am allowed to say
what I'm doing I'm gonna say it
and if I get told off I get told off I'm
going to Buckingham Palace literally
Buckingham Palace and I'm pretty sure
I'm meeting Prince Harry and the Queen
and I am allowed to vlog it like this
will be the first ever vlog in
Buckingham Palace like the Queen is
gonna be there Prince Harry is I don't I
don't even know what to say
I don't if I'm gonna end the vlog there
guys I'm gonna be vlogging with the
Queen on Thursday what is life what is
happening that is why I had to go and
take my suit to the dry cleaners to get
it Kela I'm gonna meet the Queen the
Queen I'll catch you guys tomorrow thank
you so much for the love and support
I'll see you tomorrow good night good
night good night
