good morning good morning it's a brand
new weekly vlog good morning good
morning to you an experiment you um put
the funny little jingle wasn't it
what is Monday new week today I'm having
a domestic day and getting things done
I'm going to channel my inner monologue
of and do some speed cleaning for you
don't judge fact I have some shorts over
there not eternity shorts
I'm almost four months pregnant I'm
struggling right let's get microfiber
out
I've done a chunk of admin today and
also had and really long that and trying
not not as much that in the first
trimester but I'm still just really so
tired and then if I don't I start if he
already like sick and fed up so I was
like I'll have a small nap which turned
into quite a long nap and I feel kind of
like I've let myself down so that's not
good but can I go and get my monkey now
and like human monkey which I also
stopped me from school I'm feeling very
emotional and I don't know hundreds of
reports on getting here and giving her
master access here is Abigail
extraordinaire gymnast of the future
gonna get all the Olympics
here she goes three two one row one
hands turn the keys cup clap yeah when I
got her let it be little kid maybe which
ones those closest to me oh they're too
young to come out yet that's the way I
wanted to come out already
oh my god they're so cute makes when I
get kittens again leave it oh yeah what
about coming out with you scared to let
them girls yeah look see your hand
against it I'll jump out
I could put your hand over Windham yeah
little baby boy but I am always very
going out man holding very sexy peach
and a bee in my sock you're more yeah
what's good just a fly repeat the owner
of the cat sexy pig we're room yeah
hashtag sexy pee
I like your cat thank you so much
wherever all might keep him come with me
hey go smartly let me do that all this
one's the shy one doesn't she yeah all
right Lisa it's not like it's cheese
daily today and it's actually about
midday I've already done obviously
cooler
if I haven't by midday and I have been
writing some articles this morning I
think I think I mentioned that I've
written one for Marie Claire magazine
and now I'm just putting together some
articles so some other places to see if
there my god you see look at that room
this is all the stuff I haven't unpacked
in my life and I've been here like three
months but in fairness where's my
Chemical stream Infernus seems we moved
in a top record it's quite a stop sticks
out of time anyway
I'm now looking for my swimming copy oh
good I can't find one anywhere because
it's a crow aerobics time a copy was on
my desk of course it was where else
people keep the swimming costumes this
is the worst question ever for aqua
aerobics because basically I feel like
I'm throwing my tips around and either
I'm going to have the nip slip or going
to like smack myself in the face with my
own son bag and that's the one I'm
taking cut all the way out to the car I
thought I'll just plug my synonyms which
you have musical one had a brought my
sign so now running late for everything
after the slink Ozzy debacle so now I
fly my fucking phone of course it's in
Twitter their outputs always go to
Twitter if not only registering to shit
oh my god aqua aerobics or the suit and
a half but now I am so shattered and it
was cool gate out of the dabble okay all
right yeah get back to like you look so
tired which basically means you look
like shit so that was nice and I've got
a pure box going to show you something
cool that I got in it some monkey over
here reading I did take your pics of
smack in at could I press them to which
is done by the lovely roof sent me I
believe oh my god shit on all good dry
shampoo dry shampoo
let's get all the dry shampoos goofy
Kubica TV I've also been gifted a huge
selection of maturity where prom next
thank you so much next they actually got
in touch hang on let me turn around
they actually got in touch and asked if
I'd like anything so I chose these
pieces I'll be wearing my future zero so
I'll for sure like show you mental and I
just want to say obviously just straight
off stations about thank you to everyone
who ever any brands that same thing for
peer box it's very lovely of you but
also thank you to the brand's are
specifically got in touch and asks about
baby things really appreciate it
especially and now I'm like on the hoods
of the baby stuff so I've had a few
companies get in touch and they would
love to send something so to you thank
you very much and to you if you are
always all the good news with this to
think I asked for this one but this is a
business this is nice
I am dan green how sweet is this my
brand called my thirsty is made of love
and they have made got to he was
absolutely gorgeous supersoft
dressing-gown which is so sweet because
we're getting so many things for the
baby yeah from my first years we're
getting so anything for the baby that
it's so nice start be perfectly made for
you is super soft dress and youngji to
put it on also the box that came in with
Rhian die so just put to one side
because I might make it into a memory
box so something to consider if you're
going to get one of those four boxes a
nice you want to know how it looked
those will be surprised very oh god I'm
going to cry thank you boo oh my god the
tiny little dressing table ah
does he look the baby's got one as well
who
no sweet what another keepsake I keep
that forever I'm like that's not proof
other than watching something I so see
that feels so soft such good quality how
nice that makes even more special that
they said something for Darcy as well so
she wasn't left out how lovely
oh my god I just actually noticed you
have ears oh we're going to put the baby
over baby there's a lot more Pierre box
stuff but I want to show you that's
lovely that I'm definitely gonna be
keeping holder
yes that's off the background but it did
time now and are not feeling top today
and I think I want to overdone it a bit
and co robic so I'm just doing soup in
the microwave that my name is stuff that
got hurt tonight
kiss he meets blaring in porn with Rayna
but the friend or interception for air
through yeah if you had time to TV down
a bit sweetheart please okay thank you
she said her book was noble and she's a
winner and that's true and I just have
the cool Satan's the horrible ankle I
said the cool to say that while might be
is a number one bestseller or second
week running which is so exciting
because the first week I was down to
pre-order so if you don't know if you
pre-order the book that counts the first
week of sales so if you get a big chunk
of pre-orders and you already like ahead
of the game and then when you start the
next week you start from zero so I
didn't anticipate to be number one this
week I thought right will have my glory
week and then from then on it'll still
be to the great but not one and then had
the cool really she says number one hang
on he's just getting home
that Liam does coming so maybe or about
the tumble dry on the noise one foot of
the car o next door this advance yeah so
yeah so really really smell helped me
about thanks so much everyone's
supporting it and supported it and we're
loving reading what you're thinking I'm
going to like butter my bread water
talking so fucking metaphor it's not
thank you so much for everyone
supporting its day on Twitter I are
who's your favorite character is so
interesting so many of you have said
Lacey and cats or your favorite
characters which is surprising to me
because neither is interesting my
favorite too right so I have to give
them a bit of a bigger voice input too
if you likes them so much and yeah I
think I'll my not here now because one
of the passage and whisper some time was
Darcy's I'm not going to be for two
weeks am I going further we go to Tony
Barbee Sycamore they were dad so that
will be so nice and no not yes or no
success micrometer or
right you it's Wednesday and it feels
like it's a sad day I'm going to put you
here whilst I order
well I empty machine feels like such a
sad day - today's the last day I was me
taking off the into year one because for
the rest of the week she's on and daddy
type don't mind me and my for how
quickly times honorable drive here is
running of a saucy it feels like only
yesterday that long and driving you to
reception not such a big girl so year
two seconds now can this go in the
tumble dryer is the question this is a
lovely like super-heavy dress from
Joanie
escape them maybe I went risk it um yeah
so just back from doing all that off
look at all that lint
a dry towel limp picking lint thing
makes me so
happy which is so sad but is admitted on
interest just learn and water have a
high okay yeah so feels like feels like
a sad day
obviously not it's a good day well my
god baby growing up when did you do this
huh so now I'm going to edit it um a
gender-neutral for the hell is happens
here so I'll put down there and here's
like the completely intact so it's not
fallen maybe we've got a ghost anyway
I'm going to edit I'm a major a vlog is
her closing awful Buchan and whoa and go
ahead and say and I'm going to Bristol a
book signing
yes right so Maurice has edited her
weekly vlog as she was saying she thinks
it's boring and I was like I feel like
all of my weekly bugs are boring and I
was hoping to me you should you should I
was hoping the read would say damn I'm
not boring but it's actually like yeah
this is my oppression if you're like God
do your oppression quick you plug in is
that my electric flyswatter downs that
I'm holding at 1:39 in the morning let's
get this excited this vlog on the breeze
and I'm singing at you a person's
working towards me now sing in the sing
till the next clip what's this on your
wit is more handsome are with us it's
just Louise you know a highly
sophisticated independent woman just
doing the laundry let me now add in my
English accent and here's my personal
use chugs just chips chips I'm just
chasing the chips and chasing the
chickens at my shoes it's my cute shoes
with a chase picture
no I show my freaking shoes cuz I wish
I'm a frickin face to look like wicked
Nick hello
you know we're not worth we didn't watch
this vlog it opens with a freaking
ticket adido justit just took probably
and I tend to have it for a little while
and then they'll be Ryan cooking in the
kitchen or singing line singing
somewhere always then never use is
pointing out something cute and sweet so
maybe you've gone to mop or maybe you've
seen something in your local area like
you have this independent tiny bookshop
where the children can get stickers well
yeah you will be doing something at home
domestic talking about how you're sorry
that they don't get to watch your
glamorous life but next week will be
much more grammar but it never is I'm
going to say it has a certain wildlife
needs it's gently set on the counter
always always where's my closest cupcake
so next week is going to be even less
glamorous and asleep I don't know how to
say chin back next week for less than
even this on your camera my introduction
to Murray's content Marie and I both
have blogs it's that okay okay okay
this guy's like a subscriber yeah he let
me do my special excited voice multiple
claws okay so here's Marie here she is
she's got a weakness on she's wearing a
bra from Costco here she is pretty sure
she is a brilliant woman living alive
yeah that just adds it this camera is
where I dropped it when we was
Bainbridge Island it got shattered
language what a bit cool Bainbridge like
okay turning up by though what did I
call it
forgotten dirty p.m. up with dirty words
and we weren't funny the police thought
they were funny it was a much too often
cool funny Bainbridge Bainbridge bridge
bridge bridge bridge
Bay Bridge and it wasn't funny
you thought
was and you said it in a good 15 times
me not funny I know it's not it is how
it was no great sorry for tomorrow
between that and hunting customized
those are the highlights oh yeah
how the great summer wasn't it it was
great maintenance essentially no she
owes big memories and gabelli mean about
to show you something I'm deeply ashamed
of going to church me things have gotten
a little bit out of hand in the dressing
room but I just throw all my clean
laundry on the floor that's who we are
the boxes of stuttering I haven't dealt
with this suitcase is from when I went
to New York who months ago so I was very
kindly gifted this really cute outfit
look at the M sleeves on this from next
Maternity I've added the belt myself
because without the belt actually it's
very loose and I think this would be
great when you've got a really big bump
but I've only got like something little
going on so this is perfect I'm going to
wear some sandals with it way up to know
cuz you'll wear heels actually should
see what looks and feels or that's very
nice all high and wearing here look at
me
other seven-foot-tall when I wear here
oh yeah wearing heels
she's going to sort of life out and it's
going to be okay we've made a degree of
progress
this certainly sorting out this
facilities this looks so much more than
it is no the opposite this looks like
it's not a lot but that is like a whole
wardrobe of clothes there and but I have
removed the case the move like the Tower
of them
boxes sorted out up there it's a tiny
bit so day by day I'm going to sort
through this and just make it a bit more
manageable make there look semi
presentable and the only index really
doesn't think that what I've done is
embed map to full morning which
obviously is the truth that I know have
a good relationship forms on lies and
deceit how we get through life just
thinking everything's going to be okay
until that day you know everything's a
bag of shit good nice and cheery
two beds made getting together some
snacks as have got a three hour car
journey to Crystal's now and then do the
thing until three hours back can't say
I'm looking forward to that element of
it and so it's not to point to the
points the people that are there like
she loves doing these things I wanted to
get to calculus I do love doing these
things and I don't love all the trouble
especially when it's already sick and
nauseous so how can some snacks
Catala help I'm going to have a little
tinkle that's all really and then we'll
be on our way
I'm going to take some grapes that's
very close up stop frightened I'm in
Bristol and major after three hours in
the car a little bit of a stick up
here's Emily that's nice then we go to
the Q&A and I'm listening to film some
bits that she can you maybe you already
read it or leave the books that you've
got what to do good okay so that makes
sense for you okay no one else I'll make
like it'll make sense after you have
like when you watch a film and then and
there are all really relatable
characters you're going to enjoy reading
it how long does it take you to put this
beautifully together then I already have
all the idea in the plot all mapped out
but then sitting down and like right
or once upon a site mean there's no
liner notes or time but like I'm really
starting to fully shutting my laptop and
being like done everything sense because
have month which in book term is really
quick at work when you're in it feels
like an eternity
there's Lila who little that every
generation have a story and I thought I
shouldn't have another story though has
been help like if no one but pressure is
really important thank God lately yeah I
think you can stand out and yeah
I'm going to repeat your question
refuses so a shortened version of
maximum question is how do you find
juggling it with the rest of your life
without balance and there's not a lot of
things that I'm actually that good at in
my life but time management
I earn through that if you are one of
those people that is like oh I am so
sick of over privileged youtubers
complaining about that over privileged
lives then give ahead my friend because
I am an over privileged person about to
complain about my over privileged life
was really big but basically I just feel
shit today I feel shit yesterday I felt
so sick I didn't film so many officer I
got Emily just to film little bit of the
Q&A dear but we sat in a park for like
half an hour before the signing of media
students and heavy breathing but
traveling being in cars and trains to
jiggling around the motion of it really
sets off my sickness and fifteen or
sixteen I need to check my hat fifteen
or sixteen weeks now and for the most
part at home I'm absolutely fine but
it's a minute are getting cars and cars
and trains maybe playing kind of it on a
plane for a while but just me feel so
sick yesterday it was seven and a half
hours in the car in total today it's
going to be the same and feel really
ready about it like I don't want to go
which is such a shame because I like the
events are likely at reviewing it and I
like signing a lot the talking to people
bit I just take the traveling so so so
much so feeling really apprehensive
about that and it's getting me down and
like making me feel really rubbish I put
on some 80's music and have a long
shower and like did my face to like
cheer myself up a bit I'm wearing casual
clothes some gosh that's like half fat
half bump and to make me feel
comfortable and then also if you've been
watching in previous vlogs you'll have
seen that I've been visiting my grandma
a lot in her and her like LV housing
Felicity it's not a nursing that she'd
she'd be like don't tell people it's
nothing that's not it she gets their own
apartment in
complex for all people with apartments
and there's like healthcare on hand to
and Darcy calls it her old people hotel
anyway my grandma's taking a real turn
doesn't remember what she was taken of
her and she's in hospital she's not
doing very well she's 93 my dad is
really optimistic and my dad won't watch
this video is fine um but he's like yes
I just can't fix certain I just like
feel so Saxon like I had like she's very
old and I think that's like not taking
on board the severity of situation
perhaps but why would you want to fix
your own parents and I feel really sad
for her and I feel sad for my granddad
blockages I mean this is an unusual
problem lots of people have grandparents
that aren't doing very well because
that's the nature of getting old but you
know something that's going on in my
life and so there's no point harping on
I'm going to go and get some go to the
shops and get some fresh fruit and some
dry salty crackers because those things
that you feel nice at the moment and
just suck it up and hope for the best
and go to a signing and try not to be
sick on people there okay three minutes
in if you skip to exit one hear me
Moaning you are you're safe now
it's safe to go Jenna what I'll film
later because they're all the same don't
know what fell at these things
alrighty maybe see you later on maybe
see tomorrow what is in the background
I'm checking because I've got all the
baby things in this room I'm in the
guest room and I've got some be be
cleared soon year that are Rundle
specific going on the oceans lipstick
notes as a spot that's just my skin
certainly and lots of you are guessing
either as a hall if you want to watch a
gender-neutral baby hall and lots of you
are saying boy which is which is a fact
that you are saying that okay so do
right by one this is lundi calc this is
her son's account Hey and music and in
other word an amazing booth Oh Miriam
I mean is empirical I have forever this
is a proof so this is not quite what the
cop is going to like when you'll write
and shop I would imagine this is
available to pre-order which you should
definitely do we need a drink
and definitely you should do that
immediately you probably already have
because she's released like shit turn
loads a handful of I heart but it's like
I heart Paris or not Christmas I heart
New York variety of them and I love them
all I love Angela flock I love the story
I love the writing style and really
excited screams something to read in the
car no it's going to be like sweet sweet
nectar
mmm-hmm yeah I've arrived and as you can
see from my face it's not going well
I'm not feeling too good so if you're
someone that's at the Manchester
signings sorry this is the face that
you're getting tonight midnight at home
and didn't really go very well I mean
the actual talk did in the signing gauge
but I can't do that much time in the car
just mainly so sick and then I was like
doing that silent cry be like I'm fine
and fire was like I'm not fine and she
thinks it cars just don't agree with me
at the moment so I gave it my all during
the actual talk obsess if you were at
the event then I have half the cash to
scratch me okay please please
righteousness today we're really scratch
me yeah I'm going to blast ow and call
it a day and hope so I feel a bit better
in the morning
but yeah good morning it's Friday I'm in
much better spirits today I'm feeling
not I'm not saying like I feel so great
I still feel a bit ropey but I don't
feel like atrocious like I did yes they
like crying and juicing atrocious so I
think that's positive and another
positivity I'm slowly slowly tackling my
wardrobe so we still have the
yet folding pile of doom to handle but
this box was full of stuff and I entered
the staff planning's now fill this all
for charity and that's little washing
pile there's some Darcy bits there this
is stuff that even charity wouldn't want
like a really really old bra a prison
and a nicer broaden but this for example
this old patty bag was my 21st birthday
present and I bought it with my friend
Steph Steph if you're watching hello
from accessorize literally 10 years ago
and I've been saving it because it's
sentimental but I'm never ever going to
use this bag ever sounds like it's time
to go and I don't think the cameras
picking it up but it is filthy and I
can't put it in the wash that's delicate
so just sort time to use to see the end
I'm going to tackle this book now and
what I'm going to do so currently just
move baby clothes I haul my skirts here
and then junks down here so I can't hang
anything again junk down here so I can't
hang anything stuff folded here which
shouldn't be there
those are organized but I want to get
rid of them it well I've already gone
through and taken quite a lot out here
these don't look Logan eyes but I know
what's what dress section Disney's
tackling but feel like dresses are so
sentimental to me cuz they buy them for
specific things and then fall in love
with them like it goes really far back
but what I might do is put some in the
loft which is hoarding isn't it all
cycle much issues a day and then up here
are the bags I'm keeping these are like
my good bags on my special bags and a
lot more of the bags have gone in there
for charity something this house doesn't
have a lot of or any of its nooks and
crannies see sentimental like this my
dad brought me this one and this little
trophy that I got a little selenium that
lives in there and like there's nowhere
to put your bits and boPET so I've got a
whole tray of them here we go a tray of
sentimental shit I definitely don't need
that can't throw away this is when Mum
and I think that thing we excessive what
we not throw like in keeping
these heart my dad and I collect glass
hearts for each other and go away and
this is my mum's that she found in the
beach this was given to me by I don't
aren't on my granny and it's like a cat
and it's lost its nose on ears but I
just love it to merge and then I got
like this that Darcy made for me at
school and this for when I went to the
United Nations like this windowsill
can't say like this because eventually
eventually eventually all of this space
here is going to be the babies space
because this room you probably know this
room attaches onto my bedroom and I want
the baby and I think I'll be turning
around
so to begin so to begin with baby will
sleep like literally right next to me
but then and this sounds like such a
wacky thing to say is let me do the
house is a big house and my room is on
one side and the other rooms are far
away oh god if I'm like such a Bellin
don't I what I'm saying is for the first
couple of years probably I want the baby
to be super close to me so let me just
move back this is a really really this
is a really really massive room like I
don't know if the cameras picking up
just how enormous it but like this room
is bigger so my old bedroom so there's
definitely enough space to have like our
little water it set up but also turn
this area into it's like bedroom area
and then eventually and it will have its
own bedroom obviously that's own toys
with their space and yadda yadda it's
not gonna sleep in mommy and daddy's
wardrobe forever but this is the idea
I'm sure there'll be some people that I
like that's really weird your baby
sleeping in your wardrobe but hopefully
some who you will get it anyway I think
you are
oh boy okay the lounge is slightly more
tinier than a bit of sorting out and my
bag is packed mainly full of
monstermunch helium these are mine
and we're off now for the nottingham
signing for what like minutes the first
one means contractually so that would be
nice to have that company i don't know
how i don't know if it really is going
to see me in that way because he just
sees me unlike fun home way and like mum
mummy way but not like I'm at a book
siding that I wrote way we don't think
that make sense to anybody except me
all right oh he's already gone outside
to the car really good I'll get my shoes
on and see you later
so um I didn't film any fat but it went
well Charlotte do you think it went well
very well it went really well as far as
the books in the office I mean like the
sort of his office and beings going to
get a little cheeky might almost be in
the car or at home and that's it that's
the end of the week to talk and I will
see you next week
I think I might do a live show next week
as well there's also two new videos of
my main channel to pursue normally one
I'm going to start seeing about doing
two and so yeah a lot for you to go and
have a look at thank you so much for
watching I think this videos gonna quite
long it always is and all yeah it's fine
