good morning guys
we have another vlog freaking being
consistent people can't be inconsistent
and better no my lips are dry hold on
hold on I'm not going to talk to you
like this alright okay that is better I
feel like dry lips is a reoccurrence of
my videos so maybe that's just something
I deal with and yeah thank you guys so
much for the like love and the support
on the last vlog I had and I'm just
going to try and continue it on and
update number one dry scout condition
it's doing a lot better but I've kind of
so I had to use a steroid cream I was
using a steroid and antifungal cream for
about a week and that kind of stopped
hit like from kind of like spreading in
my opinion and then I've actually come
up and made my own like mix arteries
I've made my own like natural oils mix
and I've got my like water and glycerin
spray I'm about to go back on like an
epic hair journey anyway so that's one
of the things all the other things I
discussed and yeah I can't remember
working out hmmmm we're going to try
honestly I really really really
appreciate like how supportive you guys
have been and like on my vlogs and on my
channel and I'm really very disconnected
for a bit but can't get very
overwhelming and you guys know I'm like
I'm so defensive I'm just like if you're
rude I'm just going to balance like
seriously but I'm like you know what I'm
coming back I'm opening back up and I
love it definitely then you have a
wedding which is going to be fun and
then I've done a huge shop so there's
sort stuff out for the day and I might
come back and do like an unboxing like
this is all my PR stuff like there's
loads it's deep but yet today's a bit of
a work day as well
so I don't know how much I'm going to be
able to show you until maybe the end of
the day we'll see that we are off to a
wedding tonight but the third dress
we're going to the party bit of the
wedding I feel like I'm that obnoxious
person he's wearing right but I know
that she's not going to be wearing her
white dress at this point in time of the
wedding so it's all good it's all good I
want to show you my dress misguided I'll
show you my shoes at another point in
time me and grace ended up being comped
out and like having the longest nap
together so we're leaving the house
about 45 minutes late we look swab great
this hair isn't done I'm going to do it
in the car please focus however low do
you think that is - I love Li dress on
and I will do a have in the car right
now just slapped on the headband I'm
going to redo my whole makeup because I
slept in this makeup in the car and but
Michael always looks like perfect you
look perfect thank you bad manners I
love it let's go we are ready to go this
is what my face looks like now like this
is all day makeup even has a notch in it
I'm going to just do all of this in the
car right now
grace is in good mood in the matter so
excited to get our groove on like it's
been a while
I been awhile back looking very good
very good
I got myself a good one however
suspicious maybe not good what you
suspicious about thank you you have a
right you probably can't tell my makeup
is different but it is driving from one
part of London to another is that
driving to a different country like I
feel like I'm in another language in
North East London right now not East
shout out
oh my mommy say hi mommy mommy
good morning people how are you doing
I'm out and about
we're training major train I love the
trains I am off to meet a new consulting
client
so while hopefully you can build in
glider which is going to be amazing
yeah I'm just going to go out about
today oh my gosh we're going to get my
own patch test or micro grading as well
there's a bit of a workday in a bit of
glamour day but it's about to be a long
day
I've got these like really slacks and
wear black comfortable Topshop shoes and
I've got holes in my bag as well
actually got locators mixed up that
always happen so I'm always out walking
through Oxford sector alaria solar cold
so an appropriately dressed Sun was
shining I was vacant
a lot of me everyday I am just squeezing
an English you both go Jack
that is how cold it is right now just
gonna get blue Google my Padua 400 slave
I really don't mean their canteen and I
just finished a meeting um some of the
kinds of good into the torches like a
lot hi how are you yeah I am Google
friends enjoy every ball okay
unannounced and all my work business in
meetings and a good day even had a bit
of time to like cut my lashes on in
Google glass or more human very much we
look very sexy this sporting right
especially in that one piece looking
like a grown-up baby in my life I never
fight where I one day but this one came
from one piece and it's so warm it's so
good isn't it just if you're indoors
it's just like a super cool thing to
wear and I don't care what anyone said I
like it I love it you and me then look
caught my eye was invade Michael went to
the shop and he bought me awesome that's
what love people that were alone do you
can I in public your liking why I so
today about to be an epic ethics
overstay is that even I don't know I
just said that about the I'm a magazine
come intimate it's got a crying baby
let's go find baby hold on roll ice road
talk okay guys okay guys so today is
about to be an epic day
grab my magazine coming to my house
I don't know why but I need you daughter
wife coming to my house today I am
nervous I'm excited I don't know one
can't talk about yeah where is nice
quick
yes like I don't really know what to say
I can't believe him very excited a bit
nervous but usually when I'm nervous I
just start talking then if that's a good
or a bad thing
I'm not ready yet but I just know you
just clear up your house me when that
special person is coming and your mum
goes crazy and like tidy up yeah that's
what I've done like I've just gone wild
and be like we need our girly ha ha
don't know what I'm going to wear I've
just decided to wear white jeans and a
bat top and I'll buy like a colored
jacket to lightly bright because we all
normally just sit in the house wearing
jackets like as you do but um yeah it's
kind of nerve-wracking the door buzzer
strong black doesn't have eyebrows cuz
it merrily okay there wasn't that much
well it kind of was but wasn't actually
a little it was a the production manager
and then alice is here I thought I would
just kind of this only us hi it's Alex
Suzanne spinkle but we are just like a
socket creamy excited to this I thought
over nervous but it really is a good
opportunity just to have a chat there
like a like making stuff now interior
designers come with Alex we've been
having a big chat already it's in so
much fun
we haven't actually started what we're
doing yet no but we it's like almost
like we did start so that when we
actually film it I'm going to pretend I
don't know what you yeah well I thought
myself a vendor here would we course a
base for saying this will be interview
so yeah that you're gonna get a guilty
now I'm gonna do my bit like my
introvert now but um I'm really excited
others yeah that's like a few years ago
about three years ago three babies came
a really renowned so much happened in
between
I think some great exciting here but you
know your journey take that word but I'm
unit the customer you look on this
camera I know what I needed memorize I
need to know that this interview felt
like I don't actually look this good in
real life how the hell do I look like
that I love it right now kappa smack
what do you think
enjoy like the bed I love all of you and
also this beautiful visitor we have
faces all laughing exact she's been
quite good okay not right now all right
now we are done oh my gosh it was so
good so excited Alex and I could talk
today she's amazing
we've got my grace is one is with you
know keeping her good she's an entire
one shows the trick what trick great
great great great right now we're going
to have to do it now we're going to have
to do is give them a standing out I was
looking at spin me send me know right
now was the near-great
going to church have a blessing today
yes I did I said in the good mood going
to go out the door let's go
are we thank you for breast we thank you
for a life and all we choose to lift her
up to you right now and give a life over
to you we say to be a hand opera we
dedicate this child in the name of Jesus
already tell me oh really grace what do
you think look at me
how amazing all right well I find very
quickly they thank you everybody for
coming to celebrate with us
this little girl and have you're here
whatever house as well it's also my
birthday
good morning
mm tivity that right mmm risking
distance
yeah it's a good thing it's a good day
right let me get on my battery slashing
grande magnet cruel and unusual your
your glasses look good
you do that like you look particularly
good right now me on the other hand I
did say I mean like a girl in water I
could come reject America literally
reject I love it when Michael compliment
me because I don't get in a lot well
that's your wonder the Year done so I've
been using unbelievable on camera
so today's in the work day filmed a room
tour my my editor alice is going to help
me knock out make it amazing she's too
super talented and then I wasn't to be
going to get the eyebrows done today but
when you get it done tomorrow I'm just
having the patched here but you know
what I've got a house to sort out and
I've got a baby to pick up so it's okay
but you guys will see I'm Richie I'm at
my computer hot 99% of the time I can at
my computer and filming videos or Matt
me inside that is not my life consists
of
ah sorry I'm sorry people it would be
something else but this is a life like
obviously I like no I want a business I
have people who work for me
I had a baby like I can't be out just
running around all the time let's shop
in like I wish I wish and like you know
what tomorrow will be one of those days
so it's all good and they're going to
mix it up bit balanced bit balanced
people look his back at us
grace Jesse's back back again
hi darlin keep that gonna go and just do
a quick shot for the house because he's
got no food place always gives me the
sad look like when I walked out the car
like where are you going without me I
know
alright so delicate honey my are the in
a minute valid don't they I've been
living for like what's it called
cake and other stuff so I need to get
some salads like those I need a victory
right just green veg and me because I
need these areas of help my one got
right now it's been a little bit of a
joke
I'll just found a bargain red peppers
that 24d not that oh oh these are what a
pound I just did a little shot I just
got some chicken
some mints these projects and broccoli
mostly having meat and greens meat and
greens me and greens that all that's a
little bit of a shortcut babe 2news
that's actually a good shortcut you know
ah you just had the shortcut hey good
timing good timing
yeah my day of cake
and that leftovers for the party is just
like ya know not worried like I had like
birthday cake for breakfast lunch and
dinner along Riverside of a whole load
of own stuff as well a lot of time in
great concept Foreman actually she
doesn't look like the mazing probably
cuz she says all like I training and
stuff today
she's in the same clothing she still had
her crit I'm part of her head to win a
headband which is a clock isn't it that
in going through presents with grace
let's see what she like let's see what
she does come boys what's inside a grey
Oh last card
what does that Hey wha what is that hey
hey ba what's this one Mike evening head
oh great oh you're going to love this
one yeah I know I know
do you love it here great not Wow veniat
low-cut praying for grace to do at night
well we'll do them with her she's gone
she's not actually off and then
housewarming gift he's a Gorger oh thank
you so much guys thank you mummy and me
yes Ron I like thank you love me I don't
know I'm smiling like it's my birthday
like this hey oh my god that is so - you
okay guys it's actually about eight
o'clock but the Sun is still shining is
actually quite crazy but I'm about to
chill out watching Netflix and go to bed
Michael spin graced bed and that kind of
stuff so yeah thanks for watching
another vlog I'm thinking that I'm going
to make these maybe weekly I don't know
what you've done two weeks in a row
let's see how we can keep going so guys
I will see you very soon and yeah I
