morning welcome to another weekly vlog I
am just on my way to my parents house
driving there when I help my dad with
the food shop because it's always more
fun when you do the future with someone
else isn't it and then I think my mom
wants a trip to dine out as well and I
really want to go because I just love
her my stuff so I'm gonna go with her
then I want to go home and declutter
that is a plan for Saturday today doing
the future
I always accidentally make my way to the
hope not it's September and there's
already minutes of highways look this is
dangerous I don't think I've ever had
serene before but they've got banana Li
which sounds great so I'm going to try
that for breakfast oh I imagine that
would be quite nice ooh some bananas and
we cure something toasted
so I just come back home for a bit I
wanted to drop my shopping off I've got
a couple of bits for the week and I also
want to declutter some bits as well but
I think I'm gonna drive back to my
parents later and we can go to the
cinema to see it I ended up getting some
cooking stuff as well I got some toffee
cake mix and you can even make cake or
cupcakes or muffins I've got a salted
caramel cake mix as well I'm gonna do
some baking you know bake off season I
want to bake more I've got some of my
favorite rice kitchen roll loads of
peppermint tea I have like a peppermint
tea every night before bed because it
helps me feel nice and ready for better
some more of my favorite coffee I love
this stuff it's so good I got this as I
showed you earlier Hobnobs
as I showed you earlier this week is
another one of those really really busy
weeks so I didn't need much I just want
a few like quick things for lunches and
stuff so I thought some sausage ravioli
a mushroom tortellini and I also got
some mushroom sauce cuz I didn't want to
buy any like vegetables or stuff because
I'm going away and great Anita yeah this
way and then upset to my room I want to
declutter my jeans so I'm going on
holiday on Saturday and I'm just trying
to try and pick some bits to take with
me I'm going to Marrakech
so I'm very aware I've been there before
that you need to cover your shoulders
and your knees I think as well just
trying to put some outfits together now
and get them up my wardrobe if you
watched my last vlog then you would have
seen that I bought some bits from
machine or sheet in and these are
actually perfect for Marrakech because
they're likely to like lacy cardigans
with a little tie on them and they're
just great because you can add them over
anything to cover yourself up a bit so
I've got that then I've got a couple
here as well and I love them I think
they're great so I'm gonna be taking
some of these just to throw on over kind
of everything else I'm wearing
especially if I'm leaving the hotel I
don't plan on leaving the hotel much
I've done all the touristy stuff in
Marrakech before and I'm really just
using this as an excuse to leave the
country read lots of books eat lots of
good food get a little bit of Sun OspA
the Sun for a year and and take some
nice pictures as well this one is so
pretty it's kind of
embroidered like floral pattern on it I
will leave links to some of these down
below if any of you are interested okay
this is my Jean draw these little ones I
own I also have my buck pair which are
in the wash and I'm wearing out which I
am definitely keeping so I've worn these
and not stopped since getting them but
there's a lot of these I don't wear
anymore so I'm just gonna go through
them I'm gonna try some of them on and
then choose what ones to keep and what
ones do the pot on do you pop or give to
charity okay so this is why it's a great
idea to go through your clothes
frequently and try things on because I
forgot how much I loved these these also
from Topshop they're Lee jeans I didn't
like the pattern of them when they were
kind of sitting in the drawer but now
I've tried them on especially with this
top as well I think they look really
cool so I'm definitely keeping these and
now that I remembered that I've got them
I'm definitely gonna wear them often I'm
not sure about these they're from new
look I haven't worn them in about a year
I really like them I like the color but
they're a little bit too pale I think I
feel like they're not the most
flattering so I might put these on my
Deepak
along with these ones he's a Topshop
Pippa jeans petites they're really nice
again but I just don't ever wear them so
they'll go to a better home he's like
the only pair of like smart smart ish
trousers I've got one of the only pairs
anyway did see something really similar
to this Bershka in west from Stratford
and they were a lot more cropped like
I've rolled these up quite a lot because
I'm obviously very short and so I might
actually each I've had these for so long
they're from via here and they're like
kind of bubbling a little bit you can
kind of see it's kind of bubbling so I
might give this shoe charity shop and to
go and pick those ones up in stage
because they weren't too expensive but
they fit really nicely and they're a
little bit more like yeah cropped and
fitted okay and these are the only pair
of like leather look trousers I own
they're from River Island and I never
wear them I don't think I've worn them
out once
but because they're the only ones I have
I'm hesitant to get rid of them just in
case
I think they'd look really
nice with some heels under blouse so I
might put them in my maybe pile and if I
don't wear them this winter they don't
know it's time to put them on default
okay so this is my trouser draw now I
have two smart pairs of trousers hanging
up in my wardrobe I need to these
hangers out if anyone remembers my Fiat
video then I've got these they're like a
duck egg blue really skinny cropped
trouser and I got them in black as well
so I keep those hanging up because they
they're smart ones they need to be hung
up these are my shorts I've got some
leggings someone who try and declutter
these as well I'd be great if they could
all fit into one drawer
let's see how I really love these shorts
so so much they're from Primark and I
got them like a year ago now but I don't
if you can see that but they are very
baggy on me now I lost a lot of weight
after my breakup I think like a stone in
total and which is such a shame because
I absolutely love these but like they're
absolutely massive on me but I'm gonna
keep them anyway cuz I've got loads of
boats I can like finish them in a bit
with oh okay so I put shorts in here
Imogene straw and I've got leggings and
baggy pants I soft as well in here so
I've got a little bit room and these are
the stuff and getting rid of has anyone
got any ideas of how to get rid of
bubblin I mean I'm just gonna chuck
these anyway because I can't wear them
these are like my circus pants the one
the leggings that I wear when I do
circus which starts to give me sweet I'm
so excited I'm gonna chuck those but if
anyone knows how to get rid of bubbling
that'd be greatly appreciated I'm gonna
crack on I'm gonna keep it coming keep
on going I'm gonna keep on going what I
really need is like a box that I put
summer stuff in because a lot of these
shorts I'm not gonna wear in the winter
so be good to have like a box under my
bed of stuff that I wear in the summer
okay hey this mess of a draw is my
workout slash pajamas kind of apart from
this I don't know why that's in there I
would like to not have it at all but I
don't have anywhere else to store place
it's just a shame cuz all my other
drawers are nice and neat this one's
just mess so I'm gonna go through this
now I definitely don't need all these
pajamas or workout clothes but I do know
like a lot of these t-shirts I don't
want to get rid
because I absolutely loved they were
like band t-shirts I'd like it to fit in
this space but I don't think that's
gonna happen lies I just got really
distracted I came down to make myself a
drink and ended up baking cookies it's
Sunday it's also oh wow oh God
the annoying thing is I didn't even get
myself a drink in the end do so I'm
gonna get more now oh maybe I have a cup
of tea cup of tea with my cookies yours
well look at this isn't this delicious
I'm using my news weather mug it's great
sighs so cute okay we are done shorts
leggings sports leggings band t-shirts
for gym more leggings and crop tops and
shorts see yeah that's good so now I
have this draw spare I think I might do
pajamas and like bras because that
moment my bras on my knickers are in
this under here and it's an absolute
mess it's not the best storage so I'm
thinking this would be better okay I've
just got back to my penthouse we're not
gonna go sumo we're gonna just have a
nice take away in a pajamas and but
you've wanted to show you my sister's
masterpiece oh it's keeping its
Frankenstein he's a bit I'm impressed
with the icing night that was like
please Becky looks like a nipple you
just need two different ways oh oh oh
goodness
it's really glittery name well I'm sure
it tastes great
Nikki's little faster with you flippy
button hello I've just gotten I'm gonna
go to bed down this exhausted
room is still a tip someone I need to
sort that out tomorrow in between
filming and editing but I was even oh
hey everyone it's Monday look a bit
bizarre at maming I've just been editing
this morning and now I'm getting ready
to film a video basically because I'm
going away I've got so much work to do
this week I've got three videos to edit
so it's gonna be a very busy week and
I'm out a lot as well so I've got a lot
to do so when I filmed that video I'm
gonna do one I've wanted to do for a
while Helen Anderson did and created a
kind of tag which is recreating teenage
me and I thought I'd do that and
basically gonna do my makeup how I used
to do it when I was like a myspace
seeing kids I think it'll be really
funny just for lulz also I've just
started burning this fake candle from
diptych my managers bought me
this for my birthday and today's first
day I'm burning it just like I'd have
lunch first cause I needed to charge my
camera battery so got I've kind of got
Brynner a brunch brunch rather I've got
the what I've just finished filming and
I forgot to show you the full effect
um but you can kind of see my eyes are
pretty dark right I wanted to wash this
off now I'm going to settle myself down
on safe to start editing lots of video
videos there's a massive thunderstorm
going on right now and I'm kind of
loving it it's weird it's so sunny but
thundering there might be another double
rainbow oh so cold I'm gonna have to
turn heating on soon I think I'm
absolutely freezing so I was gonna stay
in tonight I was gonna cook myself a
mushroom pasta but and my management
agency called me and was like there is
an event tonight do you want to go and I
was like yeah it sounds great go out for
dinner instead so I'm going to the NED
for an event with Jean Paul Gautier and
for their new fragrance launch so it
should be nice I know a couple of the
girls are going to think so it will be a
nice evening I need to leave in like 20
minutes it's not too far only a few
stops on the train
this room is just insane the frequencies
what an amazing butcher
I'm also quite deep sea but I had a
brilliant night I love that I get to do
stuff like this as a job just base my
mind I'm so lucky and every day I can't
my blessing with that I'm able to do
this full-time I'm gonna go to MIT now I
will see tomorrow for a busy damn good
morning I am up and ready to go to
central today I am going to a pixie
event I think they're releasing like a
rose collection skin care as well I'm
guessing I'm not wearing lipstick I
always do this what is wrong with me but
they're holding like a floral master
class which sounds great so I'm gonna go
to that and then I think lunch with them
as well this is Tony bears bear hug
lipstick
very nice matches on top and then I'm
gonna go work from gleam and then I'm
gonna go to my first circus class of the
term I'm so excited I've missed it so
incredibly much and I'm excited to get
like my strength back again cuz I feel
like I've lost it a little bit
be like
pick the pen and have just made for you
a bouquet
raises hydrangeas okay eucalyptus and
also some new stuff thank you Amy for
being my ninety thousand subscribers
guys I'm home now in bed I didn't Rob
the rest of the day it was just so busy
I went to my circus class and it was so
good I filmed a tiny clip and that was
about it but it's a new class so I
didn't know anyone else in there but
they were all really lovely so I'm
looking forward to you this term I am
now ready for bed to just had a cuddle
with echo so I will see you tomorrow
hello everyone and welcome to Thursday I
am wearing my dressing-gown because it
is absolutely freezing I didn't vlog
yesterday in the end because I was just
working on editing all day I did go out
last night I went to Regent's Park open
a theater for the third time to see
Jesus Christ Superstar I have seen Jesus
Christ Superstar before I think it was
that like the o2 or Wembley or something
it was a massive performance it had like
Tim Minchin and Mel C in it as Mary and
I hated it
I really hated it I hated everything
about it and all that was quite a long
time ago actually I'm a but then last
year I saw Jesus Christ Superstar at the
regents park open air theater and I fell
in love it was just so simple but so
beautiful that the song just came alive
more and I absolutely loved it so it was
the third time I saw it last night with
my mom and sister they both loved it too
and it's closing soon if you have a
chance please go and see it before it
ends because it's just incredible it's
got like a real rock vibe to it the
choreography is just incredible it's
very like contemporary and my favorite
thing about it is instead of blood they
use glitter so it's beautiful to watch
it was glitter everywhere that was good
let me sit down why am i standing so
it's I make mid today and I have some
events today I'm going to the glamorous
showroom to see some of their new
autumn/winter pieces I think and then
I'm
to Illamasqua event where they're
letting us to have ear piercings so I
need to decide if I want another
piercing or not and whereabouts I am
going on holiday in two days so I'm very
worried that I don't want to be in pain
and I also would quite like a massage or
a sauna when I'm there I don't know and
so I need to ask whether I can still
have an ear piercing and do those things
that make sense and then I'm going to
see wicked tonight with my sister I'm
taking my sister with me and a couple of
people from William are going as well so
I'm excited for my sister to meet my
managers and we're gonna go for dinner
beforehand it's gonna be lovely see a
busy day I don't have to leave here till
about 3:00 so I'm gonna pack my suitcase
and I need to tidy my room as well for
lunch I have like a tuna toaster just
toasted bread with tuna Mayo and some
cheese in tidying and packing has gone
well but now I'm just getting ready to
go out and I decided that I want to add
some glitter to this face what color
shall we go for I'm new use this one
from go get bitter it's called sand
dunes it's like a really pretty coppery
rose gold and I'm gonna play it with my
bondage by Urban Decay oh I would we'll
get a cold man not very good timing I
did tiny bit this one I got from eBay's
was just like I don't go to glitter
what do you know why I'm doing this just
fantasy sprucing my makeup up a bit I'm
wearing this
firk hey I got from Primark last year
he's absolutely freezing so I mean I
want to wrap her wearing my black Jani
jeans some boots from Matalin my
accessorize bag and this really old top
I've had for like five years
I came over it's from methi Zara so I
see the see-through crochet it's really
cute then I've got my glitter which as
it adds a little bit something got it
look how beautiful these flowers are can
you believe I did that
I made this I'm so proud and I'm really
glad I learned how to make a proper
bouquet as well because next time I get
my flowers I had arranged him like this
with you
me without a down
it's awesome so I just went to the guy
my showroom it was really cute and I
picked out some pizzas and they getting
sent to me mainly knitwear because I'm
all about Walter microwaving now I'm
just walking to the Illamasqua Ren I'm a
little bit nervous
it makes the happiness between us break
down did have a little heart-to-heart
maybe shake it all
maybe
my sin of 26.2 miles
I am one of the six I love it it's
Friday today I got up really early
because I've got long list of things I
need to do before I go away today
everything's going well I think it's
like midday I'm starving so I'm gonna
have to make some lunch in a minute but
I thought I'd show you how my packing is
going so I'm only taking this little
suitcase with me just hand luggage I'm
gonna take this and my rucksack I've
packed most of my clothes into one of
these packing cubes it just helps
everything they're nice and organized
but I've also got some night jumpers and
stuff here as well so I'm going with my
parents so we're getting the flight out
there together staying in the same hotel
and we'll probably spend some time
together in the days and evenings but
and they're staying out there a little
bit longer so I'm gonna put some of my
toiletries into their suitcase that
they're checking on I've got a lot of
liquids and you can't obviously take all
those onto a plane and so I'm just
trying to work out what I'm taking now
I'm gonna take my makeup in this cute
little makeup bag I've decided that for
foundations I'm gonna take two light
ones my it cosmetics CC cream and my
kills BB cream as well and then I'll
just top up with concealer on any
blemishes or redness
I'm gonna take some glitters just cuz
the lovely little bit of lift I probably
won't even wear any of this I always
overpack makeup and then I've just got
my like day-to-day stuff that I use
every single day like eyeshadows I'm
only just gonna take these ones contour
kit my brows mascara and a red lip this
as my SPF of choice as well my brush per
se ethically 0:13 yeah I need to
basically put all these liquids in a
clear plastic bag I'm gonna take this as
my SPF and then I've also got a little
SPF 50 as well their shampoo conditioner
hair oil stuff like that after Sun this
is a great after Sun if anyone's after
any rails own cotton pads I need to get
my ear
cleaning solution oh my god cartilage
piercings are so much more painful than
elope cuz I only got that lobe one done
on my birthday so it's practically
healed now it's still a little bit
painful but the cartilage is a whole
nother level of pain like even if you
touch it the tiniest bit it is agony
I've kind of mastered the art of
sleeping with an ear piercing now you
just have to put your ear in a hole like
that and not let it touch the surface
but yeah painful man so painful I pretty
much packed and tidied my room I do feel
like I'm coming down with a cold
which isn't any surprise because my
mom's had a cold this week and I saw her
on Wednesday here we go I need to put
that in there hand luggage with some big
liquidy bit so I'm gonna put my
parentsí case and the room room is
looking quite tidy as well these are the
bits I also need to pack I'm not taking
my laptop I'm just gonna take my iPad I
like downloaded loads of stuff on
Netflix somewhere I've had I'll show you
actually I need to do the same with my
Kindle and download some books I'm
taking two books with me I'm taking this
cuz I'm storing it a compound effect I'm
taking the power because my friend lent
me that and then I need to finish my
book that was reading on my Kindle which
is the Ted Bundy but gotta move always
cause another friend will say let me
this and I really want to read it but
it's quite because it's hardback it's
quite heavy and bulky so I think I'm
gonna read it when I get back instead
died it's mad girl by Brian II Gordon
it's about OCD I think and I've got OCD
my family say I'm looking forward to
reading someone else's um description of
it so I've downloaded some stuff from
BBC iPlayer I've done they did dr.
Foster one and here we go I've tried to
download all of them but just hasn't
worked yet
and then on Netflix I've downloaded
loads I've donated a couple of like
chick flicks this one's got Emma Watson
in the circle I quite want to watch that
Hunger Games stranger things because I
never finished watching it and the
second one's coming out soon two
episodes of how clean visual crimes me
really the go the Dragons have to love
that film and the book everyone's been
talking about this film so don't know
did that costume JonBenet I still
haven't watched that so I've got loads
to watch on the plane I have never been
on an airplane by myself before and I'm
coming back on an airplane by myself so
be the first time ever I wouldn't say
I'm a nervous flier I just get very
paranoid that people gonna be sick near
me and whenever I'm on an airplane I
always always see someone throw up and I
think it's because I'm always looking
out for it I normally have this thing
where I wear a hoodie and glasses two
pairs of headphones and have a book or
something in front of me to distract me
so I am quite nervous about coming back
up by myself but I'm sure I'll be fine I
mean I've got all these films loads of
books and I've downloaded some podcasts
as well
it's listen to you so oh and I've got my
noise-canceling headphones that reminds
me I need to get some batteries extra
batteries just in case they run out I'm
gonna pop into town now to take back my
Asus returns and also post a do put
package and then I'm gonna go to my
parents house and holiday begins it is
now the evening I am at a hotel with my
parents we're just saying is like really
only fight in the morning we get attacks
is picking us up I'm at 4:30 this is my
room I've actually stayed in this
bedroom before on her I think it's
Halloween two years ago I was quite
drunk that night and we did a
murder-mystery near here we stayed in
this room anyway I'm making tea for us
all and then we're gonna get an early
night so I want it in this book here and
I will see you tomorrow for the next
vlog
and I'm really vlogging some of
Marrakesh so that if anyone wants to
visit then I can show you my experience
and give you some recommendations and
stuff and then I'm coming home Wednesday
and then the rest of the week will
continue at home I hope that makes sense
yes dick Ralph next week's vlog BAE
