good morning everybody I feel like I'm
like a teacher in class you know what
you're in school I don't know if some of
you guys did the show effort is just my
school when you're like good morning
mister days and then the teachers like
good morning everybody did you guys do
that as well
maybe that's just me but yeah I'm back
in my office today because I've got some
gaming videos to film and uploaded for
the next couple of days because I've got
the busiest couple of days in the world
tonight as I told you at the end of
yesterday's daily vlog I am off to that
as darkness falls Christmas party which
is hosted by asta which I've been to for
the last two years and it is always
amazing so I've got my outfit and
everything sorted I just bought a
sourdough bread chicken sandwich what's
the difference between sourdough and
normal I know sourdough supposedly
healthier for you that's the only reason
why I buy it I don't actually know
ingredients wise what the difference is
then I got this is one of the best
looking bananas I've ever seen it is so
yellow and perfectly banana shape that I
had to get it got a couple of bottles of
water oh I need to bring my TV over here
completely forgot let me put you guys
down there
just want to turn these lights on all
right there we go
time to lead the office Mike always lock
myself in goodbye the lift in this
office is the sketchiest thing in the
world like hasn't even moved oh that's
because I didn't press wall floor to go
to I was like see it's not moving
that would be wieck's I didn't even
press any buttons so finished with my
work after today now I'm just heading
home to go hang out with nada and Zoey
for a little bit I've got about 45
minutes to play with before I go to the
train station I've got my outfit and
everything for tonight and then yeah I
don't know who I I don't think I'm
meeting up with to go to the party I
know Tracy's going and Callum's going
and Joe and Caspar are going and
Marcus's going
and Jimbo's going but I don't know I
think I'm going with Maddie but then
we're meeting up together and going but
I'm just worried that I'm going to get
there really early and nobody else is
going to be there I don't if I showed
you guys yesterday before leaving Tania
gyms I popped over to Whole Foods and
bought this this is Sun warrior classic
protein more vegan sprouted and
fermented raw whole grain brown rice
protein complete amino acid profile have
no idea what any of it means I'd said to
the woman what is the most popular most
popular most popular protein shake stuff
that you have is it good
that's what I'll get bought it just made
my first protein shake now and it
literally smells like and tastes the
only way that I can describe it is that
it tastes like what you would picture of
fault to taste like I had one sip and I
can't drink any cost of all I look like
blue like I'm under the water like one
sip and it literally I couldn't I
couldn't have any more and it costs like
thirty pounds or something so great
amazing what I didn't show you yesterday
was all the decorations properly I've
just realized and I'm off to the house
party tonight so I thought that I would
show you all of the stuff that is all we
got yesterday if you want to see those
video I'll put a link to it down below
and if I remember if not go to her more
zoella channel Zoe and resister and Sean
and I basically threw like as the
Halloween party before the party tonight
here ourselves so I thought I'd show you
some of the bits this is my favorite
I'll save that one to last just thought
I'd show you some of the bits that we
got look how cool this is
and last night when it was all dark it
changes color this pumpkin
it was projecting it all onto the
ceiling somehow I don't know it was just
sick and then we've got we had a happy
Halloween thing we got this skeleton
here which we didn't name but I just
thought he was cool because you can just
like change his shape and you can make
him stand up and everything go these
little spiders around here we got this
which is just awesome look at this
there's a just a massive blow-up pumpkin
what else have we got
we had something over here oh yeah that
was it that's what we had over here
we've got these little lights on but we
had a little like skeleton heads and
stuff and as you remember last night
because sorry I literally believe that
show you guys were this last night
and I know you guys love all these like
how store room - all kind of videos
office store stuff so I thought I'd show
you it now before I leave and know that
will you sniffling baby why you should
lean you look all shiny and clean have
you had a wash have you wash no bath
you look all shiny all of this stuff on
the tables call will got little like
pumpkins and these oh my gosh I remember
eating sweets like this when I was
younger
they're like jelly stuff inside like
jelly sweets I didn't realize how much
effort obviously Zoey and poppy did all
of this last night if you've seen her
video already we mean Shawn didn't do
any of it where you did all the food and
then we all came in here and Zoey filmed
our reactions to see it all which was
called sick this looks cool what is this
some like floating head right let me put
you guys down here and show you my
favorite thing so this here is like a
backpack that you put on you will see
what's so cool in a second it takes like
a minute or something to do and then
look at this look at this it's so sick
look at that I feel like you guys can't
see it properly it up right let me pick
up here look at that
hello mate so this is my favorite thing
I feel like I should just wear this to
the party tonight nothing else ought to
on the dog story literally just this
it's so cool I love it I love how like
vegan flick look how big it is one
station of this kind of time is mayhem
decide this bag is so heavy I've got my
laptop in it I've got I my toothbrush
never encased in fresh tea I've got all
my Halloween clothes my fangs my reading
tell you guys what I got earlier if he
sees like tanks damages the I admit too
much racket I didn't end up buying any
food although I really wish I did now
because I'm already really hungry and
I've got a train journey for like over
an hour and you not over now that's
literally a lie there's 50 minutes it's
not over an hour the trains not too busy
up here I've just walked to like
honestly like five or six minutes and
the bright the top end of the train is
empty but it also means I'll give you
guys a little tip if you look right at
the end of the train like right near the
front of it we should get off first so
always walk to the beginning of the
train even if it takes like five minutes
to do it's worth it on the other side
all right there's this Ralphie have a
lovely night or what everything all
right
let's get going right so just arrived in
my hotel room
I've changed into a vest because that's
what I'm going to wear underneath my
outfit tonight
Maddy's makeup looks so sick sure look
at that it looks so good
your eyes look crazy fred has done an
amazing job brand every last year as
well did all the makeup and what are
these things you've done these exciting
these okay so they're like little
silicon molds that are like tooth marks
yeah and I've made a mess night filled
room last night with stuff with bondo
which dries and then we just stick it on
your face and covered in blood
it's amazing I feel like on it like
leave my camera down no no pressure
freshener
just maybe hook this horrible whatever
you want what's on I haven't got my hair
so feel free to good boy are you glad it
up blood it up good to do in the shower
that's very considerate you don't want
to get on the carpet
over the - oh yeah we're both doing high
fives tonight yeah high fives only guys
are finished everything oh I say I
finish - finished making me look like
this look how sick it looks I'm not even
in focus there we go look at this it's
so cool thank you so much
thank you have a lovely evening friend
Oh think with why place excite Matt's
guys look how sick the inside is I
didn't see nothing for we've got the
other one at home this is so sad look at
the few look I found guys you're doing
it or you get a picture
it is like in yeah but everything right
here
I mean yeah
we order from Sony's money's nice so you
go get the dog like that you hit the
door you don't want to share the past
who is it who is it I don't even know
who it is
can you guess who it is
show us your face is it look how thick
this is this new color I say color yeah
the bridge to come in these are focused
on loser yummy aren't you Maddie just
did one
right look at the picture look at my
eyes in them to my eyes
yeah
so yeah Thomas taking the worst best
Instagram thumb loves I was that good
pitcher does mid-tour every is it white
enough for your into the ground it
smells good enough it's not good enough
for Majoris instagram he's gonna move
all these gums getting serious
there's all further back let me know
here we go ready
is it good enough for in the front act
in the Frog that's the question
all right we just got back to Joe's
taking his contacts out go on pincette
gone oh he missed it
go get that we missed it well blue eyes
helped you I don't use hard
oh I just spent about 20 minutes trying
to get my condos out we've got a car
waiting outside to take us back to
Brighton I've been peeling off my face
yours no comma right let me teach you
how to do it to me teach you put your
thumb touch your thumb on the thing you
clean thing is that everything you do
with content as you clean fingers I'd do
it facing because whether my eyeball is
yeah that's it that's it I'm Finn jet no
job is folded don't get hit
yes yes Jove oh what's this next your
gaming setup you've been using that if
you're into that every now and again to
visit anyone I want to know what you're
doing I think it's good about this I'm
I'm joking this is actually a genuine
thing the the sprout is so gonna swatch
it is a fun look how much it actually
sprays out poop smells good like the
sprays is it I'm so frame it's so
powerful it let me say this is so
powerful the spray is more power than a
turbot I've seen look they got most look
at bouche straight out like no messing
in baking gamma I know
and Justin Bieber's new song has just
come out journal about using the various
variants I don't know I know for the
first time well you know the drop is
gonna be crazy
wait how do I find dory Burnie out
what get McDonald's home vlogs are you
having real teenagers gone then on that
alright
completely forgot that wear makeup DUP
also I'm wearing like the worst outfit
the world look at these are drivers just
gonna wait for us lemon L we turbine
here
our driver wants a coffee latte so
that's what we need to get em together
but their only place that's open this
McDonald's I don't think he's gonna get
it I don't think this I don't then we're
going to be able to getting the best
latte alright guys we've just got home
now and I'm gonna end the vlog down here
because I don't wanna wake Zoey up and
I'll probably scare because I look like
this so thank you so much for watching
this video and I want to shout out a
massive thank you to as they're having
me tonight and making the night so
awesome
so if you want to go check out their
Halloween stuff and everything I leave a
link down below to all their stuff and
yeah well they go to bed the time is
come bloomin AK it's quarter to 3:00 and
I've got the gym at 8:00 a.m. tomorrow
why have I done this to myself good
night got say give the video a thumbs up
if you enjoyed it give it a thumbs up
