if you haven't got problems cause it's a
few songs I got 99 problems
we have lost our cat which in old we're
missing about a week ago we haven't seen
him since
despite that according in recording and
so we're going to campaign to try and
find him
yes come into the street like down the
back and stuff that has really cool like
antique shop
it's like time job though I think
because we're having a bit every project
is a moment with the basement where
we're going to try and turn the basement
into a more family area rather than the
dumping program we're going to exclude
some secondhand furniture of them like
Mike Rugg anything see what we can find
so we'll have a little younger
you
so we are now on the Spanish active
apron and we found that really really
awesome little steep and beneficial
dispensatory in new century stuff and
it's really nice
they were just trying to like work out
what is what you fit in the basement and
what goes is what and stuff I feel
pretty sure than the days all of the
stuff in one shop which is sandy it's
very like Don Draper Mad Men
the
we learn all those beautiful next we
have our in kitchen I talk about the
kitchen we just found another little
antique shop but think for some reason
supreme ruler what's up maybe not so
much there is such a beautiful
mysterious romantic smell to antique
shops you can just with this smelt like
history you friend look at so many nice
little sunbathe isn't he you want to
straighten success again we've managed
to find a really cool can poison frog
I'm Caroline now we just um kick up the
rad and wait for the stuff to get livid
that rain is going to look so cool now
really liked about it Rome route this
chorus period heart broken air con in
summer with lots of practice wife no
canal America I'm sorry Chris
good idea okay white Oken or something
thank you
there's going to be biscuits and tea and
I can happy to you
there's a massive rug though I'm really
enjoying with grunting this okay I
really like that front toe GG so like
I've met like a monster cabinet base oh
not a chance
oh that's not racist a ground we should
go to speak yeah just do that definitely
yes Grayson you asked me to lots of time
down every time the answer is yes we are
going to Peru
and a beat I love you fun chicken
you
you
Grayson and I have been down to his new
nursery again and I made a friend of the
parent room which is really nice people
here are honestly so friendly and it's
so refreshing to be like around other
adults that are willing to just like ash
we swap numbers we should hang it up
like it's just so nice
okay this review is gonna be very fast
and punchy because I'm aware that most
people watching us probably have zero
interested in electric skateboards so
I'm going to very quickly go into it
this is the boosted board what you saw
me riding up here on I've had it now for
about a couple of weeks I think it has
been so much fun if our house burned
down tomorrow it'll be the first thing I
would buy to replace all my stuff it is
so much fun it takes snowboarding out of
the Alps and it just gives it to me here
the feeling you get when you're cruising
around on this thing is a kid into what
it feels like when you're boarding on it
on a beautiful mountain somewhere in
France so it's taken a lot of that to
the city which is great when you are
making new friends it's just a bit weird
to kind of get the camera out and start
vlogging when you don't really know each
other that well and they might not want
to be on camera they might not want the
kids on camera and like it's just easier
just to not do that I don't know how to
explain it but yeah I don't want to be
this like a weirdo that brings my camera
along and is like hey guys listen film
with me it goes crazy speeds and when
you're going downhill
sometimes the brakes just cut out and it
happened to me twice two times now I've
been bombing it down a hill and the
brakes have died and I've had no choice
but to literally jump in the air and go
into a mid run and land on the concrete
and just try and spring two out luckily
both times I haven't tripped over the
ball has been flying off it's been very
dramatic and the fear has just been like
nothing else I've known because both
hills at the bottom is busy
intersections so it's so dangerous if
you live anywhere like bath which is
covered in hills I would say don't get a
boosted board anyway I'm gonna go pick
up some food food picnic while Gracie is
chilling out
and yeah we are going to go head to the
park I don't wanna go into any more
details about how long it lasts for the
battery and like how long it takes to
charge all that kind of stuff is loaded
up on YouTube about that but I want to
give you my quick top-line review on it
super fun
fucking dangerous just pop up outside to
talk that again on playdates and
typically this has happened I think
we're going to have a grandpa Charles
we have been trained from our play date
for a couple of hours now it was so nice
I didn't really blog for these reasons
that I said in our earlier but I have a
load of washing in the dryer which is
all the baby stuff which is really
exciting I don't know how you can get
excited about washing I never excited
about any other type of washing believe
me yeah I'm quite looking forward to
putting away a little baby burp cloths
and towels and things it'll be the only
time I ever look forward to doing that
because that space that washing in as
much fun but it's kind of like all part
of getting excited to the baby and stuff
so beginning to wash the stuff and my
app says I need to pack hospital bag now
so please start thinking about that even
though I am still I think probably going
to go for home birthing option please
don't leave me your horror stories in
the comments but anyway yeah that's my
moment fate my mum chat for you you
think you think you are put this on okey
dokey
today I have had a bit of a day off
being a mom I guess because I had a
midwife appointment this morning they
normally last about an hour or so once
I've walked there and back and have my
appointment and everything everything's
good baby is two fists engaged bit as
mum chat here for you I'm going to get
my hair done this afternoon because I
know that afterwards it will probably be
a few months before I get to go again
that the last time you just kind of
things like that aren't really a
priority so the boys have gone for a
little like mandate up at the Uni I
think they've gone to the brutal
this eat the Brutus playground
commissioned by the Royal Institute of
British Architects
I can take your socks off yeah sure
and I suppose the only difference is
between this brutalist playground and
the ones that popped up after the war is
this one it's made out of foam and the
one back in the day was made out of
concrete
I'm just gonna go get my haircut and
stop Wittering on Bubba yes Daddy thank
you for such a lovely day out I know you
have a lot of work to do so I really do
appreciate you taking the time out to
take me out on us on a lovely playdate
oh that's okay Grayson
don't mention it we really do appreciate
it we need to know that I am doing the
wrong talk yeah clearly one thing I
forgot about being heavily pregnant from
last time is that everyone in the street
ever look looking in it the problem with
that place was it was modeled on these
old kind of post-war industrial concrete
playgrounds but it was all foam it
should have an actual concrete and this
is the problem with you guys today
you've got too much padding so when you
fall over it doesn't matter
you're falling want a bit a bit of foam
our grandparents and they fell over they
found a hard concrete grater you know
what I did it taught them not to fall
over again I don't know if any of us
my old hairdresser and that I wanted to
ask him out for a drink
so going to knew how to stuff and a
little bit like I'm cheating on fan
which is y degrees for hate flick this
one I'm here now Melissa bitterly I'm
only classic you know what does really
annoy me though it's when the mum B's go
up to something that works there and
make them come over and quiz me about
why I'm filming a lot of numbers tend to
think that everyone fancies their kid
for some reason so go for your kids not
that attractive if I was into kids which
I'm definitely not into kids I wouldn't
fancy your kid very much this here is
what I'm living on at the moment this is
all vegan food we've got chocolate
salted caramel ice cream fish fries fish
fingers Mexican bean burgers these are
pretty bruised we haven't tried these
yet but we're going to say this this is
a bacon but vegan bacon so no meat in it
and look how horrible that looks I'm
hoping it tastes a lot nicer than it
looks
falafels obviously toaster waffles
sunflower spread yogurt cheese I haven't
actually tried the vegan cheese yet when
I first sat down and started doing this
but you can diet the funny thing was I
was for the first week I was putting
much crying into my food because I'm so
used to eating meat and dairy that when
I was when I first jumped ship and
started vegan I was just like this is
this is disgusting and I know this like
the recipes out there and if I put the
time in essay and I probably could have
knocked up some delicious stuff but I
just went straight into this and bought
any vegan stuff in the supermarket I
could find in it just made me very
depressed but what I will say my
expectations for food have adequately
adjusted to my new diet so now I don't
feel like I'm actually sacrificing
anything now I don't like I want to cry
into my food anymore now I actually
really enjoy this stuff and I never
thought I'd say that once you're used to
something it's far easier really
required by vegan cheese I'm a big
cheese fan
see what's in this water coconut oil
vegan flavor
vegan flavor gonna give it a go it's
fucking stinks
that's brilliant taking a little bit
longer to get used to
I'm sure the bacon probably cheese I'm
imagining this is going to taste like
depression
let's take bit of fat there I'm quite
used to that it smells a bit like United
bacon crisps that you use to get I
understand what you're trying to do with
this but it's not fucking bacon this is
just like some sort of label impostor
trying to like jump on that neural
connection it gets to the end where my
brains processing and my brain just like
his sauce I'll probably won't buy this
again very this in a toasted sandwich
with avocado from vegan mayonnaise you
probably would know the difference
yeah you would you get overly would kind
of a difference this is the final week
I'm doing this you can diet but I
genuinely don't see myself going back to
being a dairy and meat eater I think I'm
going to continue on this little part of
mine I think I'm going to leave it like
something subtle I don't know even a
dress because I feel once you get sucked
into this way of life you create
yourself your own analetto chamber and
then all you hear is support for it
because that's kind of what you engineer
and then it turns you into more like a
preachy self-righteous vegan where you
just want to enforce your lifestyle on
other people I would highly recommend it
but that doesn't mean I'm going to tell
everyone to do it I just think people
should do what's right for them and yeah
I had a message on Twitter from a friend
of mine I won't say who he is because I
have an Austin mission but he basically
sent me a message on Twitter saying I
paraphrase it's like don't you ever get
annoyed as a curator who put so much
effort into your work when you see like
other Creators who are just throwing out
this dross blow up
does that ever annoy you because I think
that's what he's going through at the
moment he's peeing a lot of himself into
his videos you need to production and
he's trying to push himself and he's not
getting in any kind of traction in
comparisons when you see all these other
youtubers like Jane Paul you know here
are Jake pop this is the team ten huh
and it is lit every single day right
it's like bubble gum throwaway kind of
content it's just blowing up and I think
what a lot of Graeter's do and what my
friend here is doing is they're
acquainting then their value as a
creator and they're aligning that with
her with a metric which is a subscriber
count' and if you do that then it's
usually nothing depressed because sadly
most people like their their their
barnum and it's annoying for creators
like us when somebody hears about the
YouTube anything what I don't check out
this YouTube saying what is this
blogging thing and they go and look at
somebody who has big a load of
subscribing oh well we've got to
subscribe it means they must be very
good and they look at it and they just
like without any further ado let's
weapons send it today
what the fuck is this nonsense fine
ethnically scratched our car against the
board in the cock cock because iconic
Park in a car park apparently and then
Gracie and I went to a playgroup but he
was just bit but like there and yeah
just all got a bit much and I had a bit
of mental written on one with our home
but now we're in our country Kate and
Gracie and I are for like teaching him
how to play snakes and ladders and
Gracie who won the first game I get you
did didn't you
yeah I knew in that and who do you
thinks gonna win the netsuke I
which you play again make the ladders
around to when your crater you come to a
fork in a road basically every crate
will come to this decision at one point
and the decision is to go down one road
which is great stuff that you know
people will like a lot of people will
like or you can go the other way where
it's great stuff that probably most
people won't like but a few people will
love and you have to choose where to go
what are we doing oh hi there hiding in
here why laughs because the crews mama
we something like finals come on come on
I said it's my friend I said Tony other
craters out there makes you decision do
you want to go down to popular route and
get big just take my word for it that
that level of scrutiny would be pretty
horrendous
or do you just go down to make videos
for yourself less is more I'll be rare
it will be the Creek business and how
many is that one two three four five six
oh five and of 650 Buena
I didn't want you that I've got hot date
with that little bag of hot nut ball
I'm allowed to smell them
I like the fact that I get to eat the
whole bag to myself
choose everyone good night Ramona I
can't treat that kind of chocolate it's
got about inside I know
look at this I can't open like let you
hold it and show you them because it
can't even look it's not the most
ridiculous thing you've ever seen I'm
still good release do you feel like
you're bigger this time you wrote
Grayson yeah you're about to pop I don't
know if I'm gonna make it for another
six weeks but how physically how was I
gonna terrified yeah
we're going to try and make this quite
quick because we have a three and half
year old in the room to the outside
which makes it extremely difficult sadly
didn't hear any news about witchy he's
called me yeah
we're gonna keep looking our way I
defined I got some my fries it's raining
he was born and raised in the ghetto it
will be muggy mother cats I like good
he's one saying about the outro that's
why don't make it snappy
and Grayson you have to be quiet we're
not getting you're not getting any
pudding and I want to quickly say before
I go I'm gonna show you three things
I've got me through so big and so this
is sensational
I mean it's like a kind of a milky
chocolatey drink just tastes absolutely
delicious it was nicer than any
chocolate cake on had these things which
Hannah found Bob these are insanely good
at least Oreo Finn's without doping up a
deal any good anyway guys thanks for
watching see you
Oh
