good morning guys wow my mirror is hella
dusty one sec swear does this matter
every day I can see clearly now does
just go so I'm deciding to vlog today I
need to get back on my blogging game I
hope you guys enjoyed my own salon vlog
by the way some people were saying oh
you only you decided to go I was
actually going to Amsterdam
anyway it was meant to be a surprise for
my ex-boyfriends birthday obviously
we're not together anymore so it turned
into a kind of a work trip not really
like we just went to Amsterdam and I
took Helina instead because I still
wanted to go with someone yeah I just
had the opportunity to like do a little
bit of work whilst I was out there but
that would have been a vlog whether it
was an ad or not so I just want you guys
to know that anyway so I had a bit of a
wild one yesterday we had a we went to a
day like a day rave they club thing
called the Magic Roundabout it was great
workout feeling a little bit dead this
morning and then I ate loads of fruit
like bad banana kiwi and blueberries and
I feel great so I need to go and get
that little monster some food and then
I'm going to Ikea basically the other
day I went because I wanted to get some
new chest of drawers and a bed frame and
they didn't have it but I just want to
change up my room completely so hoping
that they're gonna have it in stock
today but however I did get loads of
plants are basically growing a forest in
my room I'll show you guys that's great
dinner why I'm vlogging this but yeah
we're gonna do this we're gonna try
blogging today when I feel tired and I
don't know why I would choose to vlog
today when I look like shit my skin is
breaking up anyway it's fine here's my
rain forest guys I know my rooms a mess
it's cuz I'm rearranging it how amazing
is that though and we have but I think
we can co-exist as long as he doesn't
touch me dougie food and treats or I'm
just waiting for an uber now
to go to a care because I can't figure
out which way the bus is like here and a
copy but it's a training this fits in
their bum home now my IKEA goodies
totally fit in the ear bar I'm so happy
no lunch my skin's breaking ox I had
alcohol oh don't drink guys I think I'm
just gonna stop drinking I've decided so
now I'm having some lunch this little
ones trying to beg me for food little ma
stop begging Bubba pure he love it when
he does that so this is my lunch I've
just got some avid toast with like other
stuff and peanut butter jelly yeah yeah
I'm so excited
sorry about the noise we've got some new
neighbors so I guess they're trying to
fix up the house they've just moved in
if you hear any trilling that's what
that is but it's gonna be a noisy blog
anyway because I'm putting put my stuff
together you know if you guys haven't
tried vegenaise like the actual brand
vegenaise tastes exactly like Hellmann's
mayonnaise is so good try it right guys
this is my current room situation do not
judge it I'm halfway through like
basically getting rid of stuff and
that's I've really kind of started the
process so messy it's disgusting right
now but so there's the door as my desk
ski kind of thing my bed which is coming
off the floor I bought a bed frame this
room is too small and there's too much
stuff in it for the bed to be on the
floor like trying to do that boho thing
it doesn't work then we've got these
random I don't know what I don't know
they're my drawers mismatching ones and
these are awful they're from Amazon and
the freaking handle came off and this so
bad they're like really stiff rails
mirror once they got yesterday another
rail and then this random thing which
needs to go downstairs all like just
look nicer so let's do this I'm so ready
for my room to just be to rent so formed
it's not gonna be fully transformed
after today obviously because it's like
a slow process but we just need to
improve on this because this is a joke
yeah let's do it
bet done kind of I still need to do the
bed sheets but they're drying so bed
done made myself a green smoothie and I
and I'm time to crack on with the
drawers terribly hi guys look it's my
cozy my favorite good tell them what
your name is Mia
now give me a cuddle so we are spending
the day together piers really excited to
be here do ya we're just gonna spend the
day with Pierre and Mimi and we're gonna
watch movies on me have you decided what
movies you want to watch you know all
right so we're gonna have to decide that
we're gonna get some food we're gonna
take you for a walk it's gonna be great
okay this is guys I've just given him
his food and he just waits in looks at
me okay eat good boy so what we doing
now even hissing and why are you making
me watch ya crazy ex-girlfriend it's
kind of funny you know I have to start
watching it I might have to start
watching it and then I'll tell you what
episode I'm gonna leave and watch the
same one as me would you reckon it yes
yeah yeah so we have just been wherever
we just bent the pot where else did we
go waitress who eat rose and what did we
do what are you preparing your are they
meows bought Pizza Express dough balls
and she's got herself pizza
so we're gonna put that in the oven and
I got an array of snacky pineapple
coconut and mango
you got some falafel moonroof Oh a
little salad thing sweet potato bulgur
and couscous with red lentil homers and
then I got yeah I'm yeah this little
baguette things and a pot of hummus and
last but not least cold-pressed juice
cuz this stuff is amazing so we gonna
eat and we're gonna watch what we're
gonna watch we're gonna watch a movie
well maybe to watch we're gonna find
something on Netflix aren't we neato hmm
why are you being shy you're not shy
stop pretending to be shy cheeky
food is ready here stop begging
that people gonna be like oh my god is
this your new boyfriend look at this
handsome man he's single ladies
he's number be in the description box we
all have in one of these words
approaching strange version frozen to
present easy margarita she's my
have to come Eureka obviously hey guys
so I just got home as you guys saw
earlier I just got home from a dog walk
it's like half 9:00 now we just walked
here for a second walk of the day this
morning was amazing I walked him and
basically there's a group of like older
ladies that all walk their little dogs
together so there was about six or seven
dogs and yeah we just all walked them
together this movie had a really long
walk and it let him off the lead so he
was like running around all the little
doggy friends and it was so cool also
went to the gym this morning so I didn't
film all of it I was in a bit of a time
constraint because I'll see what's gonna
go see my friend Ben who saw today we I
went to meet him after work and we just
went to bone daddy's had ramen oh my god
I've heard about bone daddy so many
times I think Estee raved about it a
long time we're going to have vlog I'm
sorry sorry yeah I don't know why I
haven't member voice amazing it's so
delicious I got the curry tofu ramen and
it was absolutely delicious a little bit
spicy but it was so amazing and then we
went to Eureka afters and I had two
scoops of ice cream and a crap with
caramel sauce so I feel really fat right
now
I'm so bloated I need to do a weight
video cuz I'm I've gained a lot can you
see how bloated I am I look pregnant
I've gained a lot of weight really
quickly not in the best way but I'm
gonna fix it because I got really skinny
really quick and then my body went into
starvation mode so now it's just holding
on to any food that I think which is
really annoying but it's fine I'm
skinned um get in the shower now I'm not
having dinner because I've had so much
food I feel just disgusting
I'm gonna tie you up a little bit and
then probably just write down a few
video ideas and stuff and plan out my
day for tomorrow because I'm at home all
day tomorrow which is amazing so I'm
just gonna try and get some stuff done
but I'm gonna start a like smoothie
slash juice cleanse tomorrow just to
like detox my body because I've just
been eating so well I've been eating
better now but when I gained the weight
back I was just eating loads of rubbish
and like binge eating and I feel like
I'm still been doing it a little bit but
I'm a lot better so I'll explain this
all cuz I'm gonna do a video on it but
I'm not trying to go on a diet or
anything it's just I'm trying to shed
like the excess cuz my eyes and my bum
are quite fatty now like whereas before
they were really toned which I don't
like and I just feel uncomfortable all
of my clothes are way too tight on my
waist which like my stomach was the one
place I never gained weight I've always
been so flat stomachs because I've been
lucky in that sense and so I just need
to get back to myself and sort out my
metabolism so that's why I'm doing that
but I probably I think what I'm going to
do is have
movies and juices all the way until
dinner and then just have like a really
healthy dinner maybe for like a week
just to sort myself out because I need
to and it's gonna make me feel better as
well anyway I'm gonna get a shout out
because I'm a sweaty mess
