hi everyone and welcome to what is going
to be an L a vlog Lea and I are out here
for VidCon so because hopefully we're
going to get up to some pretty cool
stuff
it's currently Tuesday we've got
yesterday we flew up with a New Zealand
absolutely beautiful and we woke up this
morning and actually the benefit
jet-like is that you get to see really
amazing sunrises it was so beautiful it
took a million and one photos because I
just couldn't stop looking at it and
then I just sort of sat in bed and just
looked out the window X is so gorgeous
and the sky was a pink mmm delicious
I've never stayed in this hotel before
but it is kind of ridiculous it's called
the Mondrian and the room is so big but
it's probably bigger than our entire
flat I could do cartwheels in here if I
could like it it's massive but today
Lilly's got a family friend out here
called Adel we met her last time that we
came she's life is looking good on
Instagram she is absolutely hilarious
and I think she's gonna take us for hike
then we're gonna head for some lunch and
maybe with the lean machines not sure
and then we're gonna go for dinner with
her later on as well so it's kind of
like a live like a la local day this
Mara is kind of nuts it's unlike a
tourney thing and you can move it around
and inside it has a TV which is kind of
bad but I thought I would just show you
my t-shirt cuz I always get questions
about this on snapchat it says I met
little sebastian at the pony harvest
festival if you're a fan of Parks and
Rec then you know you get it I hate your
family I mean
Aviano to me and she just said things
are so different when we first
talking to strangers in the man
as everybody brushes up on the da stone
on the treaty cousin screaming ow
all the pretty girls scream and take off
your pants
bitch
and today should be a pretty cool I'm
gonna meet up with Jen the brunch at
Commissioner E we've been there before
Commission read it's just as the best
avocado on toast definite well maybe I
can get that mmm if you're feeling
something sweet and then because Lily
isn't out sleep babe she scored us some
tickets
so the James Corden Late Late shows that
we're gonna go and watch that be filmed
and then I think they're gonna go grab
some dinner as well
break
we're now off to the Late Late Show at
me and Minnie wickety yes such a good
day here you know I mean that's been
like uber drivers that song he's been
incredibly don't bit shopping and now
today Japan shit
jugo
so I currently don't like food because
we really spent the holiday by the pool
which was just seriously dreamy and now
we're often like I'm quite excited about
tonight we're going out to Lululemon
first because we haven't been to lately
loving yet and I mean that just needs to
happen and I'm sure our end up buying
another pair of very expensive leggings
that I don't need but I love them so
much I'm actually looking forward to
going there then we're going to dry bar
I'm getting my hair blow-dried I have
never ever gone for a blazer I before
but Lily was getting hers done was like
you know what sure that sounds fun so
I'm gonna go get my hair blow-dried what
and then we're gonna go to the place
called Hugo's for dinner which Lily's
uncle recommended her and I just checked
out the venue
very strange Lily's got chlorine but to
be fast
hurry but this is all my so I wouldn't
know circular in fun but was just
wondering I spent too much money at Hill
eleven until he made me look bad you
shouldn't even get anything sorry I just
I needed water I wasn't leaving it not
to get our chlorine buns
haha
look we came about that hello while we
were getting our flavors I feel so like
sweet I don't want to do like a slow
page we're gonna grab some dinner
really and I just about to check out and
how have we got so many bags how are you
gonna do this
haha
and we are up speak on I think is
actually the final day pick one they
said to our first full day and I feel
like I'm a name today is best on girls
the
three sort of a dream to each myself
with him I just feel really warm and
fuzzy inside
I think it's really good hugs during my
Adria bliss and it was just it was
blessed
isn't it learning I was it was another
having more snacks
he'll you know I'm trying really hard
but we've got so much fun here and
actually my vlogging camera doesn't fit
into my bag I'm taking with me tonight
so I think I'm gonna cool it and enter I
hope you have enjoyed this book and I'll
see you very soon bye
