check out my sexy goggles guys and Beth
have impressions of my sixteenth see you
first to see this oh my god firmly
painful nice job you think'll any 24
hours in dentistry so this guy's is my
mouth can you guess which ones up and
which ones to hell so I'm just back from
the dentist it was the most pain free
experience and mental areas because my
dentist is lovely so next week I go back
and show me how to fit them and then
there's like a cream I presume that goes
in and then I get lucky white teeth now
I'm not saying my teeth aren't white but
it should I guess because I'm like
filming and taking photos but I can kind
of see that they used to be a lot whiter
and since I found coffee and let all
other things yeah my teeth and my smile
just aren't as white as I'd like so it's
like give it a go and then I thought I'd
just share with you guys because it
might be something you want and I also
kind of when he goes to not be scare the
dome tisk so if you've got a lovely
dentist like mine it's actually quite a
pleasurable experience you can smell
something yummy on my fingers deep in
the gorgeous boy people putting chewing
gum on the floor means that dogs like
Steven who had to roll around the floor
get caught in effort I've been trying to
get this off for a couple of days as you
can see it's attached to his wrinkly
skin and its really uncomfortable of him
and it hurts when I try and take it off
as you can see he's trying to bite me so
guys think before you check your chewing
gum please just look time in the rain
and Leon's benefit from Key Stages head
like a really hard day and night clients
and I was just a bit stressed but
obviously your book coming out and stuff
so I've just treated him to a tree I
don't know if you guys have got one
we've got the Harriet it's just opened
up here in marriage and it does the
yummiest of treat so picked him up two
things and they gave me one for free
because they are legends but actually
they said it was they didn't want to eat
everything so I've literally picked up
at the end of the day so technically I
saved their waistline 10
hello that's not all really thing and a
roller thing and a something for the
buttery goodness thing I'm going to go
to the fin click now the skin connect
estoy visited at the beginning of last
year to help me with my skin and then
once I was in there a kind of intrigued
by laser hair removal now being a
personal trainer that means I put my
arms up a lot and to be honest I was
getting really nervous and I've been
insecure with a kind of dark sort of
Homer Simpson shadows I had on my own
pits now hair is beautiful it's just not
something that I love and so for that
reason I decided to try laser hair now
I've been having it done pretty much the
last five months of last year's was
every six weeks I think I had six
sessions in total and then I stopped
because I didn't get any more hair now
the reason why I loved it so much is
because you it's like maintenance-free
so basically continue as you would
nominate so if you shave you just keep
shaving and then every 6 weeks you go in
and they laser you it takes about my
first ones maybe like 30 seconds per
armpit and then over time it's the
quickest thing ever smells a bit weird
smells like ass or firm hair um it's not
paying free it's a bit like like a sort
of hot flick so it's uncomfortable for
the first one it's still bearable like
I'm uses with paint stuff but it's just
a really weird feeling but it's over so
quickly like it's 15 seconds you can
kind of grin and bear it but today I'm
heading back because it's been 23 months
since I last went in and I just wanted
to check up if there's any little
additional hairs they're going to zap
them away and i think there's four but
i'm going to let you guys look at my
armpit this is my right armpit i have
not shaved in the last five months and
this is my left armpit that has been
shaped the same I don't weirdly just
shave one on pit not the other and it
feels so soft like you know those
adverts where people the boyfriend
kisses the girlfriends armpit I think
it's late Nivea or sure or something and
I'm like oh my god I've never let anyone
do that because my armpits would
basically like their face on fire cuz it
was so prickly now I would happily go
Leon lick my armpit not like it and
sniff it not sniff it touch my armpit
so now this infinite and we're going to
get rid of like six head I have that
just going to put a fine
where it is we're going to do that now
triumph rocket and who are you going to
get enough of me taking a picture of my
armpit awkward
I've said to buy myself something new
and it's makeup wolf make up a bull so I
always see people talk about Anastasia
Beverly Hills so I headed on to cult
beauty.com and brought it for myself I
went for the light and I went for the
cream because suppose that I can rub out
cream a lot easier than I can do
anything out and I've also got myself
phebe ever ever stick climb in bed
Beverly Hills Anastasia eyebrow pen
because i want to have fabulous eyebrows
of them hang out a bit too it just
arrived in London we're heading up to
Manchester stage go and fill
d I'm sure I can pair that with some
with Albie some recipes smoothies look
at these two dragon arises yes that's
what we're going to do drive cars people
are cooking there's a sofa there's a
kitchen of the boys were and i'll show
you like preparation anyone I've ever
seen couldn't believe how handsome you
are so why boys are being super healthy
and filming this is what's just been
blown out onto the table you guys might
recognize this it's my brownie recipe
the beetroot one not the sweet potato
one macau tasty do flips and what do I
have all the time okay like someone's
been in my kitchen do you now heading
home are weird and Birmingham and this
is not your biggest
the biggest train station never seen and
it's freezing so I went for a big bowl
and I gotta go finally patches that beam
some rice has it was at stake we
guarantee in a cold oh very viscous it's
like midnight and not even home like Ely
and there's no cover and eating if you
know have a cover connealy so we're
hiding it so much Leon comes around
cousins bags to pick I'm aware they have
loved today but there's Helen and we're
in Harriet which I think I keep sharing
instagram i'm here all the time and we
trying to be healthier bums like a chili
fish cake peas there was your chips we
have totally had a really creamy makkah
and you'll having like a healthy tea
climbing early we're totally totally
gonna have a macaroon please stop we're
gonna have my chair anymore should be
good steel rolling why will we go first
look at those who were they we decided
to have some macaroons and donated my
nipples frosted nipples
I finally got myself my own little room
of the house not really the house is
basically a cupboard it's a cupboard
guys but I put my bags into this from
the cuts oil company is all happening
I've got so many little bags this is
actually not mind to my friends and and
uh yeah I'm just I'm really happy early
on got this me for Christmas and I
haven't used it yet and this is like a
map that I'm going to be taking photos
of it is the most beautiful thing
riveting and look at these flowers these
are by arena flowers and I love them and
these came today sexual healin is that
not the prettiest underwear set you've
ever seen I just don't know if my butt's
gonna fit in a small okay since i did my
clippety blog post every tea company in
the world now knows I like tea and I've
just received this which is from we r T
I mean these are huge there enough to
feed me for a halt gunpowder supreme
sounds like me on the toilet all day
they sound incredible so yeah I know
what I'm gonna be trying but my favorite
is still always differ so I'll good
years ago and tip i think i am with my
parents there they are wake up and the
love of my life we're celebrating week
on to river green especially a vegan and
vegetarian restaurant I've gone full I
want to say a prune ragout with like
amazing vegetables month communication
what Russian mushroom uncrate dad
and the arms of like a cool now it
should shape chickpea mushroom obviously
sweet fries which I'm taking and a half
one half in all ready for gym at
Beverly's dad's gonna tell you about how
we courted my mum yeah sure the glad we
met one evening and I parts and and Hot
Tuna illegal spot and God ticketing you
got a speaker don't get tickets peevish
we've had the most exciting day and I
can't tell you why yet but you know what
my video is going to get so much better
hi guys that I have been a rubbish
youtuber Steven says hello by the way
I've had a lot going on this week some
really exciting stuff but I just I don't
want to film it because it's really
exciting one make sure it happens and
also I've been trying to train and just
really get back in shape for you guys
know that I'm in bad shape but I've been
in better and so for that I kind of want
to be a lot of selfish and train myself
and if I'm filming it which I know you
guys will want to see it means I'm not
really working out that hard please
there to stop and start and go back to
it and really uneven assistance if
anyone wants to be my assistant and
amazing so I've kind of just been a bit
selfish so this first weekly vlog
probably isn't the best but it is an
honest view of everything and then until
I can tell you more stuff but something
to expect something but something
exciting did happen today and I've got
my teeth my teeth so obviously you guys
know that last week I went to go and see
my dentist about getting the whitening
stuff Stevens currently trying to eat
the moles which I will show you and i'm
going to show you the process so it's
going to take six weeks may just pay see
where these things that night let me
show you chief steven no it's to them
don't chew here and mean it don't
pretend you're licking it that's a lie
say hello to my teeth now please excuse
my nails i'm doing it tonight these are
my top teeth rrraaahhh and these are my
bottom ones and this is just the mold
they took on my god my nails are
literally terrible and the Kaveri I'm
okay moving on so leave the mod of my
teeth and then I feel like I'm back to
days of having braces so this is where I
keep my teeth in out of the molds
they've made these little plastic
pretend ones basically I slot this in my
mouth at night and they are so
comfortable it fit me perfectly so
unlike a lot of things you see where you
know it's meant it you mold yourself is
really difficult or most be wondering
their teeth are only getting the front
they're not getting the back because
they can't mold it so
front and back and I'm going to wear
them tonight I've already tried them it
doesn't even feel like a quick money I
sound a bit weird but that's about it
then what I do is you have this box
which is full of syringes I sound like a
drug dealer and basically this is for
six weeks and I have one syringe but
every three days so here's my first
syringe and I went syringe doin what do
it hold on Stevens got my teeth Steven
no no given out of the mouth David I
leave anything around today okay so I
syringe this into here and around here
and then I just wear over nine in the
morning I take off from brush my teeth
as normal and apparently I shouldn't
notice much like sensitivity or anything
but I will obviously let you guys know
so I'm going to be doing this every day
as much to remember you don't have to do
every day but obviously the sort of more
often use it the quicker the progress
will be and I should be able to go a
couple of shaved ice I say there's my
teeth now and we'll see what happens and
now i'm about to do a plank off for good
morning britain so wish me luck i will
link my dentist who's done this he's
amazing he's lovely and so anyone who
obviously is local to me so norwich
london oh really if you're in the UK
because you might want to travel he's
great and you can just see what happens
with my teeth see you guys next week
love you bike back to my channel so
today's video is all about stress eating
which is another video I know you guys
have been requesting me for and it's
something very close to my heart I was
something I experienced a lot during
2015 and I'm determined that 2016 is not
going to go the same way so last year
when things were all going crazy and
incredible I found myself sneaking off
to the shop just around the corner from
the gym
