hello everyone I hope you're all doing
well and having a lovely day wherever
you're up to I don't know what dailies
to do is actually going to go up but
today is actually sunday and I'm just in
the middle of getting ready to go on a
family day out so this video is going to
kind of be a vlog and kind of law
basically the lovely people at pampers
recently got in touch with us and asked
if Archie would like to try their new
baby dry pants which looked like this
and as a mum I have become very much
interested in nappies much more than I
ever have been before of course I look
like this and the difference with these
are they're actually like little pants
because they don't have the tabs on the
side so they're amazing for wrigley
babies would like to try and crawl away
from you or that don't like having then
up you put on you just literally pull
them up and you're done no sticking tubs
or anything we've been testing them out
for a little while they've been
brilliant at nighttime we've kind of
tested them on nights when Archie set
straight through seven till seven
sometimes even 72 I and I've been
amazing they haven't leaked which is a
nightmare I hate when that happens that
they've been really absorbent so that is
a big thumbs up in my book but what
pampers actually asked us to do was test
them on a day out so that's what we're
going to go and do today we've decided
to go down to the seaside for the day to
Margate and because it's a lovely day
and yeah I'm just gonna finish off
getting ready and we're going to go
I always for something more better hope
to find them to open doors turn the key
to fill the rain no it's all for the
best an anal on my way running through
the war
there is something for me out in the
cold now I got myself into it said
I'm just looking for
bad bedding
when I'm scared seem to friend got your
reaction broken life
take message singing Betsy
and seeing Betsy
there is something
now
my stuff in
she would say
I just
I'll be Marco running through the water
there is something for me out in the
cold now our gums into it sang but i'll
take the message to sing it back to me
i'll take the messy
and singing back to you
and you sing it back
I'll take the message sing effects
did you sing in bed
take the machine to sing it back to you
we're going to make our way home now I'm
going to finish off the dough some candy
floss ice cream Prime tried it yet but
I'm excited to eat it and then we're
going to go home for this little man to
bed you had a nice day Bobby mum we've
got turds
okay again you have to sleep now
back gotten quite a lot later than I
thought we would get in she's doing some
of our cheese washing and yeah he had a
really good dad actually I'll put that
on when I stopped talking shoe and
actually bout hear me yeah we had a
really lovely day and he's fast asleep
in bed now he's very worn out i think we
wore him out today so that was a good
day had by all for any mums and parents
out there wondering how the baby dry
pants did they're really good I'm
actually really impressed with them we
didn't have any leaks and there are
really easy to change in a public baby
changing facilities as well sorry for
anyone interested the size threes of the
baby dry pants are available exclusively
in tesco stores now an Tesco actually
having a really big baby event at the
moment so there's loads of great price
reductions and just a really good time
to stock up on things if you're
expecting or you've got a baby or
toddler so i'll put a link for that down
below as well if you're interested in
checking that out thank you so much for
watching our little vlog i hope you
enjoyed it and we'll be back with
another video scene thanks for watching
everyone
