I think I'm just gonna enjoy being 30
you know 30 I did it sound so weird why
why so hello I am back I'm vlogging
again I'm 30 I've got new hair
I had tonsillitis that's my little
update for you I need to get ready as
well because I've got a photo shoot
today with Lauren so if you don't know
Lauren she's an amazing blogger and
human and just a great communicator
she's been battling breast cancer for
the past year you know it's it's all
good at the moment but she's still like
taking certain things like it's really
interesting she's documented her journey
over on social media so every day she'll
post a story you know with updates as to
what she's doing and she's been selling
t-shirts to raise money for just living
her life because when you're you know
when you're a millennial when you're
single you know who's gonna look after
you if you don't have a husband or
anything you have to look after yourself
so she's done that to raise money for
her life and then also for some cancer
charities so I'm actually go to a photo
shoot I think she's got a new batch of
t-shirts and she wants you know some for
friends too so models I'm gonna do a bit
of modeling today I need to leave in 15
minutes but and it's not too far like
it's not too far but you know your most
annoying thing about London is that some
places and not that far like to drive it
won't be that far but if you've got to
get public transport it's a bit of a
mish and I'm not gonna do because I'm
not about the uber life I'm gonna try
and get ready and talk to you the same
time right moisturizer so 10:30
obviously I was freaking out and I was
talking about it I mean talking about it
for the past few months and I know I was
just like I'm gonna be thirsty like not
actually believing it now I'm actually
30 and it's weird cuz it doesn't doesn't
really seem real until you have to tell
people your age and I haven't actually
had to tell anyone my age so at the
moment I'm in this weird limbo it's
obviously like dreading my birthday um
you know the age itself and then what to
do food birthday because I feel like you
know you always have to be doing
something and I just me me being silly
thinking it's like New Year's Eve
everyone's like what are you veneers Eve
when we are in reality no one cares
it's like you're only gonna say I'm
doing this and I'll be like oh great I'm
doing this when it's your 30th you know
you feel like you've gotta be I denied
you feel that you gotta be painting the
town red or something or organizing a
big old party or you know doing
something to the sake of it and I was
like I didn't know what to do I knew
only to do but then I left it so long to
book the flights and you always had to
Budapest I named it Budapest be a really
cool place to go to and it was cheap but
then I left the flights like really late
and you know IRA Grudge paying you know
200 pounds for a variety of like that's
what I ended up doing because you know
Lucy convinced me and she's like you
know you've got one thirtieth got to
make it a good'n
I just thought do something you love you
know you love travelling Gary travel go
over there friends explore a new city
eat some food
and just get some Sun and have a good
time that's what we did and it was just
so great because we just what would
loosen Carrie
we just had so much fun like so many
laughs even though it was really hot
it's crazy we were here it was sort of
cold here we were moaning it was cold
here and then we got there and it was
hot there were like oh it's too hot and
it's like we're never happy we just have
really city chats like city jokes like
there was a bar called basic bar I was
joking like Lucy was basic because she
was wearing shorts at a t-shirt and I
feel like I've had an active several
epiphanies
so weird I need to reflect on it but I
always do a blog post I still haven't
finished it she's really annoying but
maybe you know feel like I had to go
away to sort of realize what all need to
say most birthdays are kind of just like
meh and then I you know move on but this
birthday was just so good and then I had
like the post birthday blues which I was
really not expecting so just really sad
to come home I was really sad it was all
over and then I had tons of lighters it
was annoying cuz I just wanted to get
back to work and creating stuff again
and I had to rest and it always takes me
a little while to work out where if I'm
actually ill and most of the time I'm
just like you know if I can move I'm
fine but I just felt myself getting
worse and I paid him I throw was just so
horrible so yeah last week I was just
kind of
resting so this is my first week like
trying to get back into it it's like the
last week of August we're just freaking
me out
cuz I mean it's always like my birthday
and then the end of summer and then
Christmas birthdays man birthdays today
I've gotta shoot I have meeting and then
I've got Bowden thing it's a like I'm
gonna be on their customer panels I'm
gonna be filmed talking about Bowden
I've just added sort of park my
reflective choice because I'm just not
quite sure you know what I want to
include like how deep I want to go cuz I
feel like I need to go back to the start
of my twenties and I was obviously quite
insecure about a lot of things you know
you probably probably yes I'm a late
bloomer so I was very much insecure the
age of 20 about that I've got an excerpt
from my diary at like 19 and I was gonna
include that it was like 10 things I've
realised age 20 and five those things
all related to one guy and I guess you
know my 20s you know I thought you know
I thought I might fall in love but now I
kind of realize apparently I don't send
signals out I'm available it's in like I
said no signals out and it's is really
cuz I'm just I'm quite shy I you know
I'm quite I just want to protect myself
in a way like I wanted to settle for
might refer to it cuz I knew if you know
if I'd if at 20 I'd felt if someone has
just said you know you're not weird you
know what if are a lot better about
myself because you think that everyone's
like super experienced that everything I
didn't you know did they you know it got
really down I'd get really down so I'm
not quite sure I'm not quite sure how
how much you want to talk about but I
just know if you're young and you're
insecure it's okay like a potato cleared
face potato it's gonna be the busiest
time of year September October November
cuz it's gonna be lots of Christmas
campaigns and Browns wanna like get the
awareness out there before Christmas
this is a really important time of year
it's gonna be a week it's like make or
break I guess because if it goes really
well I'll be like you know great I feel
really confident for 2018 and if it
doesn't you know there'll be lots to
learn from and bring forward cuz every
year I'm just like you know is this my
last year of this right do I have to
stop chose to do something else but then
something always happens
it makes me think no keep going next
year will be my 10th year of blogging so
I have lots of like interesting
reflections and I go really talk about
how it's how everything like evolved
each year you know when you're like I
really want to do I should I I don't
really have time but I've already
started so now just got go with it mmm I
think that's like the main update I mean
sometimes I freak out like when I wasn't
saying well every so often I'd be like I
need to freeze my eggs like right now
calm down okay I think I'm just gonna
enjoy being 30 you know 30 I did it
sound so weird why why Volare 30 I'm
gonna finish up this look and I will
speak to you in a bit I'm just on the
tube so far so good
Fillie its first I'm excited to catch up
Lauren see what she's up to
I know she's having some bumble issues
aren't we all and I can't wait to see
who else is on the shoot I spotted her
I'd like lost looking bloggers in the
middle of nowhere basically and we all
failed each other and we're all here oh
this is a nice house let me show you
Wow oh my god it looks like something
out of Grand Designs it looks amazing
okay let's go inside oh my god this is
sweaty the man lots of baked goods which
baked good and the chocolate program
basically girl versus cancer was born of
me getting your titty troubles and
thinking what can I do to help
like I'm 32 I have no tips and I've got
breast cancer so how does it happen and
I think a lot of young women don't know
that they can get it because it's kind
of power into the media it's like an
older or more of a plot a vast life
stage thing and it's not so it was born
of a fun way to get me taking their tips
really which is the Saugerties and since
I've been talking about it online it's
kind of growing into this amazing
community of women not just breast
cancer any kind says I have women who
have gone through divorces having hard
times they just find it a real nice
place of kind of just good vibes and
it's helping people like nurses message
me going I know how to help my patients
now so I think you know I'm not going to
shut that away I'm going to grow it so
girl vs. cancers becoming a real
community and a fund so it's gonna be a
place that girls like me who get
diagnosed and go but fuck don't do no
and went went for a spray tan when can I
start drinking again you know the things
that we me to care about and they can
actually come and find out from me so
they're gonna be available from October
I'm just working out now but I'm going
to try and be 30% of the profits go to
the charity but I'm working out the cost
now moment so I'll let you know via
there the new designs I'm very excited
about I need to have a smooth
the house oh my god Oh Clive I thought
people call my dad cry oh my god this
kitchen look at this kitchen it is
insane lots of clean lines obviously I
think this is where we're having the
photo shoot really want to obsess it's
cool so cool unfortunately we are in the
pool today I'm sorry I started all done
now I have my individual shots I'm still
worried that it'll look really really
awkward because I can do my poses like I
can do not gonna steal by myself and
sometimes when I'm in photo shoot
situations and especially when there's
not much time you know I just look a bit
like so cool sick we'll see the
interesting to see what the final result
looks like so yeah I'm gonna head off on
to my next appointment
I'm wearing the most inappropriate
Footwear
I'm wearing
the economy thing that's just one of the
errands it's a straight that we're going
to shoot system tomorrow
and I'm going to head west to Boden
Boden HQ I'm living it there and I'm
going to be there for a couple of hours
hello everyone so it is Thursday
apologies I forgot to end the vlog
yesterday because I was doing this I
guess like internal thing abode ins I
couldn't film any of there but it was
quite fun after that I just went home
and look about it so yes today I'm
shooting with Jose that's Liv's
boyfriend if you don't know and he's a
really good photographer either shoot
everything edit it later on and write it
up for tomorrow so it's going to be busy
busy busy but hopefully we'll be ok I
think I've picked some really great
pieces
so yeah I will show you behind the
scenes
now I think that shootings up really
well the Joe to close pictures on his
camera but using my memory card so what
I normally do is edit them because I am
a control freak so just have a look that
it's looking good so far probably show
you some in a bit and I've got to make
some dinner I think I'm gonna make some
tacos and I might eat really early right
Lucy always jokes but I really early
like I don't really snack throughout the
day I'd like to just have meals so it's
like I was not doing about lunch at
11:00 and my dinner at 4:00 you know be
using the Oaxaca taco kit so Kylie sent
to me and it's like the medium flavor so
got perfect corn tortillas and it's
outside I've been marinating for midst
of the days so it should be nice and
fiery
these are not echoes so it's a little
bit later today that I'd show you some
of the pictures I took so I had to shoot
a cat kids and thing then collect plus
I've got loads these shots I like to I
like a bit of movement you know I like
the movement so yeah went to three
different locations
it was quite handy cuz I was able to get
changed at a co-working space and use as
a base and I love how this dress looks
it's an a sauce number and yeah Joe's
really good with locations as I said I'm
gonna head to the gym do Muslim becauce
which is like the highlight of my week
like I'm so excited yeah that's about it
for today so I don't know I might leave
this is a two day blog I'm not really
doing much tomorrow so I might just do
our shifty end in the morning so I will
see you then
hello so that push which was me making
my bed at 5:00 p.m. because I have had
the laziest Saturday in history of
Saturday's like it's ridiculous like
that September and it's like January
September is the January fashion
everyone want some fresh start
it's like back to school isn't it and
everyone panics cuz it's almost the end
of the year you know it's a very busy
period especially for us internet bulk
so I guess yeah I do want to have some
new systems in place I don't know what
the systems are if you can help with my
systems yeah I do want to get a bit more
consistent so maybe not Toba I might set
myself a challenge try do two videos a
week I was thinking of doing a week of
videos but it might be better just
spreading out the same amount of videos
over the month and it will stress me out
less but it gives me a chance to see
what it's like you know creating two
videos so I will start prepping for that
like I guess now start like planning so
if you've got anything you'd like to see
me do let me know and I will you know I
have a little have a go and I someone
asked me for a books video is taking me
like a year to read like five books so
it's it's coming it's on the back burner
but it will happen when I can read these
books I just said and it's a hard cuz
I'm online all the time I feel good
though I know I was I was freaking out
about turning 30 I feel good I feel like
I know myself better I feel more
confident even though I'm not like super
confident you know confidence is a
journey I feel like I can project
confidence and I think it is about
faking it til you make it
so I do tend to project confidence even
if I'm not very confident in certain
situations so yeah I feel like it's just
a chance to get myself together and in
so many different ways it everything is
good you know apart from the state of
the world but you know everything in you
know things in my life are good so yeah
that's my little update for you so thank
you so much for watching this vlog I
know it was I don't know I don't know
what this is but thank you so much for
watching and all of your lovely comments
I've also got a blog I want you to know
so I just posted the stuff that I shot
two days ago on my blog so I'd love it
if you checked it out I've also got
Instagram I'm always posting colorful
photos and you know food London travel
whatever I can get my hands on basically
that's all the plugging I've got my top
commenter goes to Miss Nude or ninety
who's been really nice leaving lots of
comments on my videos thank you so much
it's appreciated definitely and yeah I
think that's it for now
so especially give this a thumbs up a
comment all that jazz and I will see you
very very soon bye but the weirdest look
is probably the trilby spotty skirt
cardigan like broke knee-high socks
tights combination like it's the most
bizarre thing I did I feel like as
playing character resort some days I
think every blogger had a peter pan
collar stage a lot of Topshop I spent a
lot of money in Topshop
