oh that's very Brad wait brat lack hello
and happy Friday so it's one solid a
weekend's worth ort and we've got quite
a nice weekend plan it's my mum's
birthday and they've got some nice bits
planned across the weekend so I thought
I would vlog it because I've never done
a Manchester blog before so yeah these
doors can absolutely gorgeous why are we
so washed out not keen anyway we're just
going to meet my family for some bread
and a curry so
great singing chippy crappy look at me
reverse a mumsy at birthday to down
that's a to wench okay I can carry on
that's always only just been for during
the session busy and now we're going for
a cheek look a really cool place forever
Dino's much a certain being watched
right now but stomach very best and
drinking apparently
you
Oh
yeah
good morning so today's birthday and
obviously Jetsons Friday yesterday it
was so so lovely we are out for Cory and
fir drinks my MA for her birthday makes
it a really lovely night and then George
and I went out afterwards so
surprisingly quite fresh today and it's
beautiful day so we're going to go to a
food market I think Mondrian morning
camper so yes we're just getting it
ready and then hopefully get in the car
you are I look gorgeous Oh II look go
just go
me and just checking it we've just left
ultra care mark and you're so very
wasn't it we had such a good day highly
recommended highly recommended by George
Craig right there
yeah I was lovely like as she's seeing
it was of the food loads of her
denisa and justify now we're just
heading dry
picking up the dream that I had I got
for anything this finish basically has
been proved so going to match that and
they put on new free prints we just
bought
the DIY shave before drinks at our
colony so
so here's my wonderful new prune how
gorgeous is that it's an Andy Warhol
print but then flip him frame it idiot
put the string on the wrong side so it's
upside down so kind and hang it live it
but will this tuna catfish in the bottom
and album look and it's flipping good
flipping good and very excitable but
these are the other ones involved
manchester-based swans nice alright so
at least we can hang them what a good
evening so we didn't actually end off
would you put in them print top because
they put it up the wrong way Oh Lexi
Josh yeah so exci Josh Lee the global
okay they've got the string
motherfucking wrong way around though
that was a knife so quick outfit change
and now our good friends all VC I'm Josh
and we're heading for all is the and
hurries lots of drinks we got the
champers just gonna be fun and night
this turns out that hopeful bit of our
planning
right Isis and I should go come on me
yeah my Lana he subscribes gonna shoot
this hashtag
there
hi it is the actor Eudora hi
it's Sunday afternoon we've had a
lazy-ass morning but last night was
super fun
and now just a bit messy play some games
kyaa have some nachos whilst we do just
drunk trade I can I think George is just
misting with the plants and what a good
night Oh Saturday and we're going to
finally pop come on hammer boy stack
hands this is mr. speck you missed it
back shithead
let's do this this is a feature wall at
the minute it's not quite where I want
it to be that's we're getting that two
more to add today hadn't what did you
say why did you mug me well
work work work get it right don't look
yourself
hi Ann hello spring parts now here
so we're just at my parents house the
weather is absolutely gorgeous here in
Manchester today so we've come to my mom
and dad's from barbecue sort of sign the
garden well I'm not trying to how much
we are that's my garden just echo and
got sausages going better which is
really really nice
my card is Sunday in the Sun with my
left one very happy
running guy I'm happy bank holiday one
day what will be like college when
you're watching this but it is today so
we've only just really got back to our
flat and within the last hour and went
upstate over at Norman dad's because we
were too drunk to drive so we just
stayed over we had no makeup no clothes
no nothing no toothbrush Graham so we
came back for you this morning
I just got ready George's singing in
there having a bit of a cleanup and then
we're going to go around to our beloved
friends BT and all's and Josh's for some
lunch and some more drinks we try not
drink but let's face it guys
so yes that is the plan and I'll update
you as Android
I
hi I'm just checking in so just popped
Oh sketch change click so hot on Isles
and VC's balcony and we live on the same
show is the mortician soup I'm sorry my
words we live on the same street as them
so it's super easy it's just pop her so
I just put on a new t-shirt this is from
Losey office Oh cute change my
sunglasses and put my Stan Smith's on
instead of my mules so yeah I'm just
picking up a few extra bits few more
bottles of wine and gonna head Mike Ross
gonna spot update you are in a really
bloody lovely journey I mean this what
bank holidays old you know they're all
about our me spending time with loved
ones so yes I'm gonna head back there
now
so I don't happen last night I've just
been edited and the blog and realize
ended really rather abruptly so I'm
sorry about that but we got back home
around midnight and just crashed our
word straight to bed
so today's Tuesday and working week cuz
be good so just inside my computer all
day so I was such a wonderful weekend
like the perfect bank holiday and I
really hope you've enjoyed watching more
of like a standard life vlogger yes
rather than Meeks one enough somewhere
else this is my life in Manchester and I
love it so much so I really hope you've
enjoyed watching a little snippet of
that and yeah I'll see you in my next
video ah
