good morning it is currently about 7 15
in the morning on a friday and i am on
my way to vienna hey I'm going by myself
I should probably get going
you
hello everybody I in Vienna and it's so
beautiful and autumnal are ready and I
going to bless that station and feel and
get about it so this trip is kind of my
first time ever blogging by my that so
if I look uncomfortable with as I am but
I'm just wondering now modern boards the
students Cathedral and then from there i
will be going to my phone stuff and just
kind of wondering i can here alone for
two days with no plan
so I just wanted the cathedral and
you'll see right here beautiful I didn't
so much in there just out of respect
like a couple shots they will show you
right now just to kind of show you the
vibe of local place we really do it's
4pm now and most efficient so I won't
tell you Cardinal most of the things
that I want to do say so around
six-thirty stuff powering through and
then tomorrow I'm not hopefully going to
go to early night and oh my god people
are staring at me so I'm hopefully gonna
have an early night and then a very
early morning like get us and done in
the morning Saturday so we come
my christmas site how many horses since
we're the spanish riding school is I was
in the National Library and he was like
the most beautiful place I've ever been
in I am solely jordan i wouldnt go into
those like I really was done in seven
years ninety-two houses tomorrow at
least very open arrow on like more
security things but hundreds hello good
morning it is saturday morning at around
830-9 she wondering why I'm wearing my
glasses because I'm a genius and I
brought that on contact equation and
essentially burned my retina with the
hydrogen peroxide this money
that was good but yeah my eyes are
killing me I never wear my glasses out
because if you look at Lotus the quick
sick I'm quit line and they're really
heavy so they flip a lot plus it's
really sunny out today and I'm not going
to run laughs I can use snowing
and they're older prescription Oh Alex
you should be sorry so anyway traffic
but I am on my way now it's like an
abandoned train station that was kind of
cool and then I'm going to go to a
palace let's turn off this morning the
Maya hospitals for euro all-you-can-eat
breakfast oh it's going to go find
something else like this for euros and
my eyes are hurting page exists oh well
this is such an issue guys I literally
can't see anything in all my eyes or so
oh no it was too bright but I'm in some
trees right now so I was quite pretty
doing the double glasses check here it's
not really effective but I'm trying it
so I just did the upper belvedere
belvedere palace I am awful at thing and
it was beautiful I couldn't really feel
much I found a couple of the halls which
I'll show you obviously and they were
gorgeous or the marble staircase like
blew my mind and they have the food
selection thing where it should look
lame the lights all over you oh my
so I'm going to be lowered over there
why I would killing me I'm powering
through so pretty and autumnal it is oh
my by the way i think it's forgot to you
and when i drove last night so last
night i went down to the hospital bar
for one glass of wine suppose given a
free voucher for the bar and i met a
girl and we were just like hanging out
and chill and like four hours later i
went spread so it's not the early
knighted it was really great i also i
think i tried filming where i went to
dinner but I couldn't really show you
how did this place that the title is a
move three now I had a pumpkin risotto
and so highly recommend not ugly
you
the sort of like stumbled upon this all
year round fun fair situation
I can amuse apart I'm just longer okay
okay this place is pretty huge I'll be
really cool ride and they're really bad
that i do want to lose easy it can just
be cool and it's such a perfect day for
soups it's not too hot like not
submitted cooler here autopia thank you
they you this is the one I really want
to go on cool
that was the best five euros I think of
a button oh my god amazing such a
beautiful way to see the city at the
shine like the most perfect autumn day
oh my god i was in fact that experience
I would have done more shooting of them
like me on it but I was sitting next to
a stranger's gonna do something cool but
then I got a sexter I'm not going to go
to wildwood I was so cool now I'm going
to make my way I'd love some drill I
come on Reese I love them through other
than mine so annoyed I was in the
supermarket earlier and the head of the
de Therrien a chisel yeah okay I don't
know I just bling there that and I can
get it because you have to like cook it
I can't take it out a plane well so we
go find food and then do a trained who
of plane to a change you a bus jamail
so long time to talk I've been sitting
at Gatwick Airport in half hours because
all chains were stopped there were no
cooked is available even the taxi
football letra judgment just let you
know the first twenty persons and
Victoria we depart from platform
following up on five please exit history
just cut the platform and get Rick two
o'clock in the morning three something
through 3243 something's got in to wrap
everything I'm scrapping go in this
process and go the fuck
I don't
