I feel so bad for what I'm about to do
Nala is fast asleep you know what is
coming Nana okay shall I just go in the
other room to say it I know I've woken
up anyway good morning guys
good freaking morning how you doing
God was so bad she's like yawning
goodness I'm so sorry for waking you up
you were asleep she's gonna be gone be
with me now oh no she's having a good oh
oh look how cute you are
hey you acting all cute for the camera
even though you've been so naughty
embarking this morning is that what
you're doing pretending to be all cute
you guys see just like a cute side of
her you're not always this cute are you
she's pretending I swear she knows I'm
filming anyway it's out of the heck you
do know I've got my braces in I'm gonna
try and wear them I've got really really
bad recently and I keep on forgetting to
put them back in like I've gone 2 days
in about 48 hours without wearing them
and I meant to wear them 20 hours a day
so today's vlog we're just going to put
up die sound a little bit lispy and just
accept that it is what it is but my
teeth will be straight by doing that to
look at my hair my hair so like I didn't
even get much chopped off the top just
off the side but it looks like old
squirrel fur look like I'm like 2014 and
excited stuff is happening today
everybody number one is that I got some
new shoes yesterday now they are quite
out there they're very very extreme
they're very loud if you look at them
they're like ah shouting at you and I
don't really know when when or where I'm
going to wear them all uh knows that
they're the comfiest shoes ever and yeah
they're quite outrageous you ready to
see them here they are everybody they
are called night Presto's I believe
they're new and they're like digi sand
so they're like 16-bit but like camo
kind of thing they're like sandy I don't
know if they are like the comfy shoes I
have ever worn so when I tried them on I
was I don't even care if they look
ridiculous or not these feel like my
feet are being cuddled so I have to buy
them anyways
what else whoo oh my gosh something so
exciting arrived this morning and I
promise you like I absolutely promise I
have not looked in this box yet Zoe has
and Maddie has but I have not looked in
there so when you are watching this the
day you are watching this I want to take
these out slow bad they're annoying me
so much I'm going to leave them in the
day you are watching this my book the
scrapbook of my life is officially out
like it's in stores is in shops it's in
supermarkets is in airports it is oh my
gosh so I have received a present
because it is launch day it's a bit sad
it's like it's like it's my birthday's
the big day it's the launch day and I'm
the only one at home and by myself to to
experience this exciting day anyways
what you're about to see is a present
from my book publishers I have no idea
what it is so I don't know it from my
reaction then show you where or do I
show you it and then okay one minute is
I'm going to put you down here and I'm
going to open it and look in this box by
myself and then I'll show you what's in
the box after so you guys can see my
reaction are you ready
reacting to the present of the big day
three I'm so nervous
I'm so excited three two one oh my god
that is so sick that is so sick yo are
you guys you're not even ready for this
I thought I was ready three two one
yo look at that cake oh my gosh look at
it it looks like this all the pages the
scrapbook of my life Alfie deyes from
the number one best-selling author oh
wow that is insane how does one even
make a cake like that like I can't even
make like a cupcake that is ridiculous
although I feel like I can't take a
slice and eat it now by myself I feel
like I need to wait for like family or
friends to come over to be able to cut
injury
a little bit sad if I just sit here and
cut into it by myself is now my Twitter
has been going nuts and it is a day
early like for me it is Wednesday for
you watching this it is Thursday
literally one minute ago from Maisie
signed copy of my book she's already got
at her house let's look at my mentions
another copy of my book Oh nearly at 5
million Flemming ACK oh yeah that's just
me wearing a wig earlier and Zoe
snapchat Missouri hot chocolate five
million by million another signed copy
of the book if you've got the book
whilst you're watching this let me know
comment down below what your favorite
page number is I'm genuinely really
interested because obviously the book is
about my entire life it is stories and
things that I've gone do and experience
and it happened to me throughout my
entire life
so I'll just be really really interested
to know which part of the book is your
favor I need to I need to get some lunch
hey you're back here look at you little
sleepyhead should we take you out in a
minute
good girl you having a nice walk I love
these kind of days when it's just a bit
like it's not warm it's not cold it's
just like fresh it just feels like nice
coming in that was lovely guys such a
nice little walk should we get you I
know what you're waiting alright you
look at all right well one should go for
we've got tons of different treats up
here should get something good you ready
sit there you go mm-hmm can we talk
about my drone I haven't got to use it
yet and I want to so bad it just hasn't
I haven't been free enough haven't at
the right moment to use it yet I really
really want to use it in a place called
stammer Park you know what we go for
those like those our lunches rats out in
the countryside we've been alone into my
videos we have Valentine's there
although we are inside of mullen times I
think it's the first time we ever met
the scone II Jolie's we had lunch
outside there anyways that place is like
awesome landscape like amazing massive
massive massive fields and countryside
and forests and that is where I want to
take my drone more than
we're I mean I would take it to the
beach but if I crash it I'll hit someone
if I crash it in like the forest and all
of that doesn't matter so can you keep
on bugging me to do that because I
really really want to do it 6:00 p.m.
and I've just finished up do I feel up
really high a lot of people laugh at me
like other youtubers when I take oh I've
got my breeches in we'll ignore that a
lot of people are for me when I take
selfies because I take them not up here
rather than like this I don't know
what's normal 6:30
just finished up the last meeting of
today oh good
but I have another I've know like an
evening free since like I don't even
know maybe like a week or two ago I then
like it's weird just having like shall I
make myself dinner is 6:30
do I go to the gym do i watch TV like I
feel guilty watching TV I feel like I
should be working but then again it is
the evening the vlog is up and yeah I
don't really know what to do a little
bit rundown of Matt the last I don't
know about 72 minutes in Liam's life
over here right yeah I've been getting
tweets of certain people saying Liam
watch it what's the dealio with the fake
pan boys the dealio with the fake town
did so me tweet it's a view tweet it
admitted anything is that we are saying
okay right I'm not I'm not I'm not gonna
be shy I'm not I don't mind I'm partial
to your big R a jewel that's that's
that's part of do I am Barbie I am
cooking dinner time we've got one minute
and four seconds left on the salmona on
the a one-electron the kitchen looks so
much better with there we go that's what
I'm talking about we got some I doesn't
even look better in here we want some
better lighting maybe I'll try and
switch it up and do this does that look
better
no now I just look a bit green I don't
know anyways the salmon is 40 seconds
away in here we've got
the quinoa and flax whole-grain and red
hot whites were you poking at missing
there we have everybody my salmon and
quinoa dinner so I've just gone on my
laptop to see something absolutely
ridiculous I can do it this come in but
just seeing the number change
unbelievable I don't even know this is
crazy okay you ready to see something
look at this oh my gosh five freaking
million subscribers by million like five
million that is unbelievable now I've
got five million and 543 subscribers
that is five million five hundred and
forty two more than I ever thought I
would get I literally thought when I
started I'd get like one or two
subscribers maybe ten maybe one hundred
if I was lucky five million and I can't
even fathom that that's more subscribers
then there is people living in countries
like New Zealand New Zealand that the
New Zealand has a population of four
million five million subscribers I have
more subscribers than the people that
even live in Ireland that is insane I
remember the day that I hit quarter of a
million subscribers I remember it so
vividly because I sat there and I was
like I have more people subscribed to me
in fact no I remember the day I hit was
it 1200 or was 800 maybe is 800 because
I was like I've got more subscribers
than there are people in my school like
this is ridiculous
then when I called familiar I was like
I've got more subscribers than there are
people in Brighton and Hove my City more
people than will live in the city that I
was brought up in and now five million
I've got like oh my gosh that is insane
absolutely crazy I don't even know how
to celebrate I'm going anything celibate
I didn't prepare anything guys so what
I'm going to do is I say we jump up and
and we cut this cake although it's not a
five million subscriber light
celebratory cake it is the cake because
as you are watching this as you know my
new book is out so so should we chop
this up should we cut into it Zoey join
a slice let's get the biggest old knife
can you cut it with bread knife yeah
that's fine I get two little plates out
let's open it up this is crazy
whoever made me this I think it was
called at Brighton cakes gonna be
awesome
you ready know that you want some as
well I want to see you cut it like this
yeah yeah it looks sick how cool is this
oh this is a thick old pages now it
looks so good should we go this right
yeah and then I just want half of us
yeah yeah we'll have that okay I'll go
down here first is it easy to cut into
it yeah man it was so good Oh super
tricky there we go there we go
I have no idea how I'm going to manage
either entire cake like that is
absolutely ridiculous compared to my
hand and how thick it is I need to start
working out so bad 5,000,000 premium
subscribers though whoa yeah it is time
to go to bed guys it's not even late
it's like 10 minutes to 11
I've eaten most that slice of cake but
damn it was filling and I just ate so
much IKEA on summon you ready to go to
bed yeah
you've been a good girl why are you
always being so cute on my camera I
swear she can tell that I have my
cameras oh it really ever I get my
camera look at her just sitting there
psych you earlier on she was barking
when we have it we had a meeting here
earlier in this room and you were being
very loud and barky want you yes you've
been naughty
let's head up to bed come on up pick up
my mobile all right guys I'm all tucked
up in bed thank you so much such a crazy
dev just brush my teeth and put my
braces in I really like these little
lights up here I am yeah I don't say my
book is now out for you officially for
me it comes out in like 5th
three minutes 50 minutes until my book
is officially out of you of course it is
out by now and five million subscribers
all in one day
unbelievable the most crazy day ever
thank you so much all in the sport it's
so late at night my head's not even
working old talk properly and thank you
about what the subscribers and
everything tomorrow we can have a proper
good chat about it I've got to be up a
lot half past 6:00 in the morning I'm
jumping in a cab and going off to London
to go to ITV to go in this morning
then I'm going on Radio one and then I
think I'm doing some shopping with Lily
and maybe having dinner with my dad as
well so I will just who happens it's
going to be a fun day it's going to be
cool I will catch you tomorrow
give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it give the video a thumbs up
for me releasing my book and hitting 5
million subscribers let's see how many
we can get I love you guys so much I'll
catch you tomorrow
good night and for some reason decided
to let Zoey do my hair for once while
talking to a happen No
