see you to rule of extreme Gallina MA
and in today's video I'm going on a day
trip to Brussels with URIs Jocelyn
now this is service offers you return
tickets to Paris Lille unruffled for 50
quid and I'm going to tell you how it
works you can sign in using either your
Facebook or Twitter account picture
destination and the date you want to
travel 48 hours before your trip
Eurostar will email you your train time
so it's perfect if you don't want to
spend any extra money on accomodation
and there's still enough time to explore
don't forget to check out the
description box whether the link to your
softener and also a video explaining
apparently where we've just arrived in
Brussels and the first stop we're making
in the comic strip Museum because you
guys notice that as my morning activity
over the Music Museum musical injuries
into nice day so off we go we're
probably going to walk there's about
half an hour
we'll face with chips mouth open life
so we've just had our fries and we're
off to the next stop that you guys
picked and it is Peck 47 which is the
place that does brunch all day let's see
what pecks have stuff
are hopeful making four and I've just
been given a little lesson on different
consoles record
Oh
Oh
on to the last pic and you guys chose
the Atomium over the grand plate
Tommy I'm thinking like Mahadev I'm
going to show you where we arrive at the
Atomium I was super excited if it looks
amazing we have to get booked but we've
just been told it flows it's ok I'm
going to look around and explore the
city anything that's going to cheer me
up now exciting mentleman exactly
competitive I genuinely really liked it
I loved it results expenses of a bit but
I would definitely come again that so
many things I didn't be thank you for
let me come here
now let's - mother
Harlem brothels has come to an end then
it's been lovely and really enjoyed
myself a big thank you to yourself
again I'm just letting you guys know
that you can check out my last video by
clicking on the Box just there a roster
isit don't forget to subscribe button
two three
