hey guys I've just realized I've got
really weird lighting on me the war is
that these lines are from outside
because the shutters and hey let me
close the shutters cuz the lights weird
but anyway I know this is a really
rounded time to start the vlog but um I
thought I'd I'm just like home alone at
the moment and I just got a bit of time
so I thought I'd do a bit of like a
random impromptu Q&A so I just asked you
guys for your questions
I'm just watching back to the future -
and like cooking dinner I'm just cooking
some chicken and some butternut squash
in the oven waiting for Jason to come
back from his training session sometimes
when he's training on stuff I've got a
bit of like extra time so I thought I'd
answer some of your questions because I
haven't done a Q&A or anything like that
on this channel for ages I could more
laid-back sort of one chiama be us
what's your favorite memory from high
school / college love you thank you I'm
one of the birthing bull I don't have
that many good memories from high school
because I hated high school and also
over here I know like a lot of people
call it secondary school but my first
high school that I went to was actually
called high school like in the title so
that's why I think that's why I just
call it a high school by default
anything I hated high school or
secondary school whatever it was so shit
but in college I just like I don't I
think I quite like to my heart
foundation course but I really enjoyed
that just like just like trying out
different art forms and always hiccup
I've been here coping so much over the
last few days it's something funny it
must just be cuz all the way organs like
squish and I keep hiccuping all the time
yeah art foundation was good I did that
reading reading reading TV you I think
it was cool um just fun sorry Sara
99 J asks what sure what are your
biggest fears when it comes to parenting
I don't really how definitely have any I
just don't see any point in kind of
thinking about fears of the future I
mean sometimes I do look like anxiety
like before events and stuff like that
but I mean long-term things like that I
don't really worry about cuz you just
can't control them I'm not really
worried about anything to do with
parenting I think I'm I'm ready for
there to be loads of challenges and
really difficult times like to do with
it but I'm pretty I don't know quite
confident about it really
hello yeah I am a little bit worried
about helping her with homework
because I'm not as you know I used to be
quite academic but like I hate the
schooling system I just don't agree with
it so having to like deal with her oh I
don't believe in homework as well I
think I should be banned but that's
probably for like another day so I know
asks what she think you and Jason when I
design next for November night and we've
actually got a piece that's going to be
coming out before Christmas it should be
coming out before Christmas so we're so
excited for that bloody finally come out
because it was supposed to come out at
the same time as the jumper so that will
be a skirt that's exciting and then
we're working on the spring/summer
collection so we already know what
pieces we bring it out flight next year
more mindful you us what do you want for
Christmas this year that's a good
question
nothing really like obviously nothing I
know everyone always says that but
because she's do so close to Christmas I
just have not been thinking about like I
haven't been thinking about Christmas
shopping or anything as wider and all I
want is just give birth and to just
enjoy her I don't I don't think I do not
and I know at the same time I don't care
that's all about any like presence at
all from for me this year
I mean serenity candle maybe Nora Oh God
make the names are so hard at all the
time Nora and Nina Ferris asks are you
doing vlogmas this year I think we're
going to but obviously obviously I
haven't been great this year at like day
logging and sometimes I get a lot of
stick for it and but I just shot I tried
to do it I just tried my hardest and
obviously we don't know when she's gonna
arrive I feel like she's coming tonight
so funny if she did so I think we might
well I think I'm gonna try and do it or
some sort of version of it yeah I think
it'll be really nice to look back on
because it's such an exciting time like
the end of the pregnancy and the birth
and everything so we're just gonna play
it by ear and maybe we'll like vlog as
much as we can
I'm not sure I can't wait to get the
Christmas tree I'm so excited so I asked
on snapchat as well any questions
Daisy Jane hey asks are you planning on
doing a fitness such post-money workout
plan for after the baby if so will you
publish it a fitness doing post
pregnancy workout plan yeah I definitely
want to get fit again oh oh my god like
like being able to run again will be
amazing I don't I don't even love
running but just cuz I haven't been able
to do it for so long I think I love
running even for like 5-10 minutes and
then yeah just doing cardio again and
yoga like I could do yoga now but I
don't really enjoy it with a big bump so
um I don't know if L and publish it
we'll talk about that much because I'm
not an expert like eat a tummy hem broth
yeah funny actually I asked lighting I
asked Jason the other day if he'd get a
tattoo to do with her cuz cuz he's got
the dogs know that she's like the dogs
but you know I mean and he said he would
yeah I probably would I don't know what
exactly I don't want to just get the
name I want to get like something better
but yeah of course we'd let her get can
see he's got weird tattooed up so that
would be hypocritical if we didn't I
think at 18 definitely hi what is your
tip for studying because my exams are
soon and I need help
oh I wish I could help but honestly it's
been so long since I studied I hated the
whole bloody school system I hated
studying I'm really the worst person to
ask
like I rebelled against everything to do
it school like I I did my best but I
didn't do anything like extra but I
didn't have to do so I don't really have
any studying tips so hard takes me ages
to come up with names for things so I
really couldn't give you like a name
straightaway but it would dare I think
it would definitely be like a muskie
sort of tobacco e but also sexy sort of
scent like Tom Ford's my favorite scents
and they're quite like musky and strong
so yeah I think it would be a strong one
not like a sweet girly one I don't know
what the bottle would be like probably
black some sort of let me go and check
on the food isn't it it's burning and
I'll answer the question and my
favourite Christmas film is probably the
Grinch I don't know it's really hard I
love elf let me just set you down I know
the kitchen looks really messy just how
it is right now yeah I love elf I could
I always watch elf and I always watch
The Grinch
it's not burning which is good okay I
think I'll just answer a few more
questions I might stay here
look at my skin or my foundations where
I can't think I can't think of anything
specific
I just love London at Christmas like
there's so many areas of London is so
nice I don't know I guess like South
Bank winter wonderland anywhere where
there's like you know little market
stalls and stuff and also like the
Natural History Museum because that ice
casing there so pretty
okay that's an interesting question
sex before marriage well I think just
like just do it like I'm I don't know
I've never been like really strict and I
wasn't that sounds bad but like I wasn't
brought up with I was brought up really
strictly about like sex before marriage
and stuff I was just brought up to like
be safe use protection and you know just
be smart I don't know for me it's just
always about making sure you're
comfortable with that person I'm that
kind of on that wavelength I think it's
quite old-fashioned to wait until
marriage but if that's what you believe
that's cool but just different I believe
that's a good question so when I was at
uni I think my main it kind of changed
to be honest like god she's moving
around she's moving and at first I
wanted to everything wants me a makeup
artist then I wanted to just be a
stylist then I was more interested in
like finishing my degree and then going
in and working in a magazine somewhere
but then I like started up YouTube and
blogging and everything and I just
enjoyed it so much so I just obviously
stuck at it
I just loved doing exactly what I wanted
to do not being told anything should we
go in the living room moving Q&A yeah I
just loved that I could talk about what
I wanted to talk about I think that's
such an amazing thing about YouTube and
what do I miss about it at the beginning
when it wasn't this business II just the
just how relaxed it was and you know
like it's small things like setting
setting up now can take me so long
whereas before they even like in the
early days I just used to sit down
literally didn't really care about what
was behind me it was so easy like I all
the focus wasn't on at like the look of
everything it was really just about
whatever you felt like chatting about
like didn't overthink the content too
much and these days I feel like I like
overthink my content too much sometimes
and like comparing yourself with other
people as such you know it happens so
much more now compared to back in the
day so but I think it's really natural
for like everything to progress and
evolve and you've just evolved so thank
you guys for your questions it's so nice
like having a little chat with you guys
I should do this so much more I'm going
to sign off because I'm getting quite
tired my back hurt so I'm going to go
and like sit with my hot water bottle
but this look is a little bit jumbly
because we got a new mattress the other
day and it is bloody amazing so I wanted
to put that footage in because I filmed
us taking our books everything and and I
thought if I put that at the beginning
it might not make sense just because
that would be around a bit of footage so
anyway I'm gonna put that in now so you
guys can see I oh my god
it's made my sleeping so much better
already like I don't want to get out of
bed in the morning
but anyway I'll see you guys in a bit so
we've had a delivery today that we're
really excited about and it's a Casper
mattress and we've both heard of them
before birth yeah so we put it in a
super king size that wasn't me
yeah we're gonna unbox it and change up
my mattress I'm really excited too
because yeah if any of you know I
haven't sold me I'm hoping help yeah and
yeah it just helps everything because
Jason's got a bad spine and with the
pregnancy and everything it can be
tricky to sleep so hopefully this can
help if you wondering why were in the
bathroom it's just because there's a bit
of space in here
I'm happier in the room okay let's move
into the bedroom okay let's hold him
there your password sorry I'm just gonna
pull that trigger yeah just puffs up
it's really so how's it feel I'm just
gonna put the sheets back on and then I
want to read I really want to try it out
with all of our with the duvet on and
everything it's a bit later um I've just
had a bath and everything then
mattresses properly like sprung up now
it's like fully fully sized that didn't
actually take long either so I just
changed oh do you guys like my
dressing-gown you guys are just seamless
if you watched my loungewear haul I
think it was in that video but yeah I
love it I've already like prissy when I
wear it I'm so excited to sleep on this
mattress tonight like I know that's such
a nerdy thing but honestly it's oh I
can't wait I wanted to let you guys know
that I'm gonna put a special link down
below for this mattress and also I'm
gonna have a promo code so if you guys
use it you can get $50 off and then it's
gonna be Casper com4 Sammy
just eating some chocolate but yeah I
was looking at everything to do with the
mattress and it says it's made with
springy latex and also supportive memory
foam so it's good combination also they
do free shipping so yeah but you guys
might like to know hey guys it's Sunday
we're just about to take the dogs on our
Sunday dog walk yeah so we just get
ready to go and then we're gonna go for
a lunch as well I feel like we always
block the same thing on Sunday but if
they've got a turkey neck or part of a
tender and stuffing
lunch was so good we tried a new thing
Hey we pulled a machi
we tried anything and it went down well
we're just about to go and get our
Christmas tree which is so exciting and
because it's a 27th of November so we
thought it might be a bit too early
because usually wait till December but
it is December coming up this week so we
thought me here they are oh yeah
so when I go with the Nordmann fur which
of these babies I really like this one I
know it looks a bit odd on camera but
we'll put that edge at the back
yeah
let's go home
I don't see much they'll think of going
into filming the film but once I forgot
like kamerad cinammon it was really
embarrassing
thank you watching Tess
what are you watching me watching
brilliant for keeping skin hydrated hey
guys it's the morning after we oh I
really liked arrival but I'm just doing
my makeup sorry I've really liked hey
Frank really really enjoyed it we went
to see nocturnal animals the other week
but I really liked that because it's my
kind of like dark dark kind of film that
this was read like it was a better film
I don't know I don't know like the story
was really good so I highly recommend
going to see it really like Amy I don't
think that's her name she's so good it's
just uh just really interesting film was
my favorite but I just thought I'd end
this vlog because I was gonna end it
obviously last night and I never end up
ending vlogs in the nighttime we just
came back home and we got gourmet burger
kitchen takeaway and sorry I'm pissed if
he fall asleep he's sleepy
my boobs have like puffed up even more
over the last few days it's ridiculous
just thought I'd own this book because I
didn't do a proper ending last night I'm
trying to like do emails and stuff and
Frank's like jumps up on the chair next
to me in here just you keep running my
attention but yes thank you guys for
watching and I'll see you next time
