all right mate how you doing welcome
back to my video I am here in Cardiff
for the Champions League final was this
mug it's a man's dog it is real pretty
lively place five the first lemon
cording yes it's not disappointment no I
mean that must be is electric two
massive TV ants mark speak more Real
Madrid vs you may I mean I think I'm
joining most non round with did fans and
hoping that you may get the win no these
guys are going one of you may win as
well boom for absolute legend can you
get it I hope it does result but grandma
do could also be the first team to ever
win two back-to-back champions league
they're giving record-breaking really
could be a massive final hopefully leads
up to the breathing what do you think is
gonna happen man I'm thinking I'm trying
using a lot in the way it sounds along
they've been doing the father's an
electric yeah it bit more from him
tonight hopefully your set card a polite
and it might make grandma's would have
to come all their superstars and
redelivery at a great high-scoring game
not a boring battalion drill that's one
thing I'm going to predict to Sergio
Moscow last-minute run most of the goal
is up but I think yeah I think you may
could do it even see for three let's be
honest but we're going to get in there
in a minute we're here with BT sport
shout out to them scoring us out and yes
very excited
Tony Cruz I wonder who Cardiff wants to
win this game his favorite son Guerra
file will he start though my not stop
find Italian
right now but we even a grind I think
the number one finder in carded I think
right max okay got my calls all senses
flowing camera on Backpage PC providing
a quick pull the check of the comfort
zone now hips will the game lovely
little sweet display showing everyone
walking away as they went over my
shoulder what are you gonna say
what is that that is the trophy
let's take closer look that's the real
deal she was wrapped what they're
playing for tonight he'll we're going to
watch it in his bed
he's ours I'm gonna find it it's a bit
worse we're off to the grinder challenge
we did really well
they broke the record Theo is feeling
founded
are you recovered from the grinder
challenge closer cinders and grind on
you I know really have you seen the
trophy in there no how long will it be
until hashtag United had swing
several just heard him but why I just
told Sigma and David James Oh atop the
leaderboard on the grinder challenge and
he says you want to try and beat me
directly they can answer it 54 it was
proven he reckons he can beat it sounds
replica ninja mate you've definitely got
it in you definitely got anyone 54
seconds to be come on I believe in you
besides those shoulder LaVon no child
good rhythm good rhythm between the
strings off Phoebe's eyes the fries are
you doing very well we're very close
bond later Oh DJ I'm not really good
couple of days / hashtag birthdays
energetic own a rope grab a virtual
reality experience mental is off for the
goggles on what do you see what you have
a shine right here we are we are walking
through the stadium now atmosphere is
positive and you know we've both said
that we want to use a win what yes some
things can happen what do you think the
winners who I said it think you've a
will score first
I think Robert will come back then you
may we'll just finish more and one of
the best attacks isn't in Real Madrid
against the best defense I think I think
all right they always score now what
happened tonight I think we now don't
get one I just want you to start for and
get that as you go rather than just
which we go and culminate I'm a Malby I
make more interesting prospect if you go
do get an early go over interesting
because they're so good at defense they
can stick up and I think I'm right in
saying that's only monitor that scored
against you very the Champions League
this season in ou can play every other
guards been from a dead ball whatever so
give me a great point or two two
champions of their division we don't
always see arrive to the Champions
League you don't always see people to
win their league in the final box you
may want to Syria
and remedied one the La Liga so what a
couple of finalists we have but they can
only be one winner
we are in and the roof is down the
atmosphere is intimate take a look
get down late finish
Oh
so I just nipped out a half-time quick
update obviously if one or really what
you've been hard-pressed to find the
first off of a match in a final those
entertaining end-to-end stuff lots of
big types of going in I think that we
could see a requirements going
definitely consider happening I also
think my earlier prediction of it going
to extra time one or could obviously
often as well maybe penalties that I
know what a golf men do is absolute
privilege to see that in the flesh
parting about that and hopefully the
stick a lot more the same still hoping
you may win but we have another half of
action like that I'll just be enjoying
doing is the new key on it to get my
fitness when is Gareth Bale coming on we
won't fail
I was doing right there playful at first
it looks like a dragon instead of okay I
don't live around monsters out because I
was really still daughter taking off
instead of wandered like November we
pushed rapidly Rumble forever it was
saved when the game like this 5 is 3 1-3
Kadena 10 men to revitalize now it over
top for a happy and we've always had big
of Champions League trophy in the
process Banco since your youngster pitch
the Gulf mother woman
every time
Oh
everybody again first people ever to
went back-to-back champions Lee
whoa
well guys what the finals tell you what
you don't often get five goals in
Champions League final and a red card I
said there to be a red card halftime but
I didn't think it would come from
substitute Padres oh not sure what he
was thinking but going me I'm not a fan
of what Ramos is doing there with the
over-exaggeration I love Ramos when my
favorite players definitely my favorite
defenders ever because I little pause
personalities nothing to do annoy me but
yes to say you're going to be super
critical on it
the rebels doesn't react the way did
dance could rather get sent off I don't
know if you danced so it does work what
he does does what that's what makes it
so annoying run it but hovering the
Latin on since water partner it was
unbelievable atmosphere to see that van
to get overhead goal in the fish I don't
think I'll ever forget that man gee I
mean you don't get to see cows on there
so that's the biggest scale of in see ya
understood offenses you've a but you
know what I'm happy with it one whenever
showed up into the liver yeah hundred
right after you gave the chance of
thinking mattress fasting improves
everyone might be standing probably
going with a custom or blanket on
thought yeah I think why not I think
it's definitely going to balance all in
the post already let's have a word about
sedan by the way two years ago cuz then
hadn't even managed a top-flight team
now he's probably one of the most
successful management all time the only
manager ever to go back-to-back
champions please no one's ever done that
before I mean unbelievable we don't even
go from here is there another job that
you could even take the tire off your
business around Madrid complete moving
all the courts you need come have taken
our calendar yeah that's the next job
that is the next reform to be fair the
only way you can improve from we're
doing an Alfa unbelievable stuff here in
Cardiff or call a pond or be take the BT
sport for having us
we've actually got invitation to Gareth
Bale's bar now so we're gonna reduce it
on the pitch so I think I'm millions and
it quite on the bar and yes
there he only got 10 minutes so he'll be
have plenty of energy I'm sure cool yeah
bit of run around in the blog with a
very decent game I also had rude
yeah I was rooting for you very well but
having said that once you see the game
you see the way it's played out it was a
third goal that killed off you may was
the first to a bit the flexure didn't
they win Ronaldo got that one we need to
find the defender made it free one game
over and then of course the red card
just sealed it so unlucky to you by do
spare a fourth the bouffant he's a shame
they didn't get that Champions League
but I wake to go is there for him you
know could be to be the ends of Groupon
even if he's the end one of the best
keepers of all time 100% so loyal to his
club as well you know even when they had
their moment when they went down and
they got punished he stayed with them so
why servants of football in general what
on Buffon
well dormitories Ronaldo gets a lot of
critics but it's lived with a big stage
again Messi coming for you Valens all
records now anyway guys enjoyed this log
on to drop a like on the video subscribe
for more check out man's dogs links in
the description best Instagram stories
going and I'll see you in your older
till then and go changes
