good morning to the next weekly vlog
look it's so loose my hair looks like
this because I have Bed Head
I've just woken up and some of you might
know my family and I've had a beep chart
here
the place could hangs be hair dimmer
deferred for about 13 14 years I've had
lot my childhood here and I love it so
I've stayed with a whole Bank
Halloweekend Bank Holiday Monday and I'm
not working today so but my mum John and
Benji here and we're gonna go off at
lunchtime because I've got to go home
and edit the vlog sadly and we're gonna
get pizza
how long day can't wait we get Kelly
peas so we call it Kelly is California
fried chicken I'm not joking they do the
best pizza better than Domino's better
than Pizza ha love it so I'm looking
forward to that some kids like
waterskiing or ring going out there
that's pretty cool it's a bit like misty
for some reason but the Isle of Wight is
just over there but you cannot see right
now but it's so flat and it's so sunny
it's gonna be a really hot day today and
these are the little beach hearts I've
got to make up on now so I feel a bit
fresher but we are heading off now so
we're gonna do the walk from here back
to the car it's about 20 minutes or so
and we've had a really lovely weekend
yeah we've had a really lovely bank
holiday weekend and now it's time to go
home do some work have some lunch
this is my idea of a good bank holiday
don't tell the bride and our pizza yay
I'm very happy my video was uploading
and we're gonna go down to Benji's mum's
house she's within walking distance and
see her and then we're gonna go back to
my house
then the evening there so I'm just
packing all my things up from there
still from the beach out basically
tomorrow I'm really excited because I'm
going to HomeSense I'm working with them
on a video I'm going with my mum and I'm
also having a hello fresh box delivered
I'm working with them too so we're very
busy tomorrow and I'm doing my freelance
social media things so it's gonna be
crazy
Benji's neighbors are actually in the
car so she probably go so we just did a
Wix 15-minute hit workout we did the
warm-up and the cooldown though did you
enjoy it
it's actually good we actually smashed
it I think we didn't know where he did
live one but I thought you'd find it a
piece of piss that you work at the same
level as me yeah yeah yeah you'd find it
really easy I could tell now
so could i door then no no you just
getting home strings my mom's from
spring so I decide it's about to do the
gym yesterday you did yeah say that's
the first workout of the week done my
five left hand at the moment kids yeah
the vlogs gone up and we're gonna have
fish cakes and super set fries for
dinner so that's all I have above maybe
Chelsea at nine o'clock it's 20 to 8 now
so I have time to dry my hair a few
offerings ha groans hi Ron we love Made
in Chelsea so much however on a little
bit less yeah we just like Harry but I'm
excited for it yeah yeah so Charlotte's
live streaming so actually been
listening to her Metro
morning it's Tuesday I mean I'm really
good Mead I'm really excited I'm going
to home since today with my mum but
first I've got to do my social media
things I normally work 8 to 1 but I've
been up since 6:00 a.m. is 10 to 7:00 so
I might start at 7:00 until 12:00 and
then put my makeup on get dry
and go to home sans I'm working with
them and I've known about this for a
while and really exciting I'm making a
list of things I need for the flat like
I need new bathmat I want a new doormat
house throw candles really want to
refresh the place and I'm just excited
for this so yes it's been in the diary
and I'm doing today with my mum anyway
last night was lovely we watched me and
Chelsea went to bed quite early really
were both knackered from the weekend and
Benji left up a whole five this mine so
I was kind of tossing and turning them
to such to wake up at 6 so I'm gonna
have some breakfast and start my work
and it's gonna be a good day like it's
gonna be a good week actually I'm very
very busy this week I've straightened my
hair washed and dried it last night but
it was very frizzy so I put some hair
straightness to it this morning so it's
looking a bit fresher and I think most
want to have to tell you at the moment
I'm feeling much better this week I'm
off from a period now a lot of you were
really sweet on the vlog last night
saying I hope you're feeling better now
and you will liked my little
motivational chat about maybe treasure
shifts and pounds for Florida and I
realised after last night a lot of you
said to me you might have lost
enthusiasm actually there's one girl
that basically said she might have lost
enthusiasm but you've gained confidence
in your work and your relationship love
happiness and a better social life like
I've gained so many other things so I
have to start think about it in that
respect that yeah okay okay need some
pounds and I've lost some enthusiasm for
going to the gym but hey I'm happy and
that's what's more important
maintaining a healthy and happy
lifestyle is actually harder than it
sounds I've realized this it's actually
not always easy to get the balance right
all the time and it's okay if you're
struggling you know it's okay if you're
feeling like you can't do it all because
no one can do it all whatever you define
us all you know I mean like I'm trying
to do so many things and my work life
and career life is going very well at
the moment my relationships very happy
and great and so if I'm but on a few
pounds because of that then I well like
I can shift them at the end the day it's
only me that can do that and it's easy
to do really just a bit of a mind game
sometimes but anyway it's very hot in
this flat so I'm gonna
the window last night bending I made
sure everything was like nice and tidy
before going to bed and I just really
appreciate it because there's nothing
worse than waking up and starting the
day with a messy flat so pop it all away
it's currently a 5 past 11 and I am
whizzing through my work I was on the
sofa I've just moved to my desk as my
back was hurting I am gonna get an iMac
at some point I didn't actually finish
explaining in last week's vlog I went
and looked at some I did a bit of a
recce and I've looked at the refurbished
ones on the Apple website as well and
some of you have told me that there is
actually a new Mac coming at the end of
the year but it's gonna be ridiculous
money so I have also looked at the
possibility of having a screen and
plugging in with a HDMI cable into my
Mac but I do need like a separate place
in case my Mac my laptop fails and also
this doesn't have good enough RAM and
memory space so it's not fast enough for
everything I want to do all the time
it's good form the go and it keeps me
going for now but it's not great for
long term so I am basically saving for
an iMac at the moment and I'm gonna get
one hopefully within the next month or
so two moments maybe I don't know if a
boot for after Disney it really depends
on when my money comes in cuz obviously
I work freelance so yes it's really
satisfying roasting my list and taking
everything off it just makes me feel so
much better and also I forgot I got sent
some pearbook stuff the other day so I
have three bits to show you so I'll do
that after I finish this I've done my
work I'm ready I'm just picking up my
bag I thought I'd show you the appear
box things I got sent very kindly I
don't expect anyone to send me anything
but I love receiving your letters and I
often get them delivered to me every
couple of weeks my PA box stuff goes to
a peanut books in Liverpool when my
management are and then they collect it
when I have a few bits and send it down
so I had three things the first one was
a really lovely little letter this is
from a girl called Sophie Edward
she has an Instagram called seamstress
Sophie Edward and she broke the
nicest letter to me so thank you so much
Sophie and she also made this amazing
like embroidered thing of my logo that
is my actual broken take leg I don't
know if you can see that but it is so
cute and I can't wait to find a little
home for this so thank you so much it's
so sweet she said I hope you like the
embroidery I've made for you I copied
your blog front logo I'm a trained
costume maker I'm an absolute passion is
hand embroidery I wanted to make you
something as a thank-you for your video
so Sophie thank you very much I really
love that then I received this amazing
letter from somebody in Brooklyn in New
York the whole address is up here but I
can show you this because this is my
peer box a dress not my home address but
look how beautiful that is and then it
says sending love from Allison and there
was a Pluto sticker a very apt card that
says I love New York and she's awesome
milk and open it and I was like wow so
first of all there are some stickers and
there's a really cute Alice pin like the
rabbit Alice in Wonderland there we go
so it's like an Alice in Wonderland pin
I cannot wait to put that on my pin
board and then she has done the most
beautiful card look at that she's even
got a little bee up here because that's
my nickname B but she just went to say
hello it's such a beautiful card so
thank you so much Allison I absolutely
loved it and I showed bench and he was
like wow that's so nice so thank you
very much the last letter was
double-sided it's from a girl called
Lauren in Yorkshire so thank you so much
for your letter she even drew me a
Mickey Mouse as well which was really
cute so thank you so much I'm gonna buy
some new thank-you cards today and
because I've run out and get replying to
you so that was really special made my
day I thing that I think I'm ready to go
so I'm gonna whip over to my moms have
lunch with her and then we're going
shopping
yes we've arrived at home scents in
hedge end near Southampton I'm really
excited to do a little bit of home
shopping today
so I'm just on FaceTime to Charlotte but
I don't know what the hot Goss is yet oh
my god is it gonna have all the like is
it got like mini luggage tags and stuff
oh my god it feels so real now snazzy
oh wow another one that is amazing
Oh mini please oh my god it's like
almost a month to the date how exciting
oh my god it feels so real now
like I'm so buzzing I think about it all
the time
that's so cute
that's good well I knew it was gonna
come eventually by I presume they had
arrived like two weeks before or
something but a whole month of fall is
quite cool at least we know it's
definitely but oh that's cool yeah
exciting oh my god it's 22-8 and it's
been a crazy busy day for me and mum
today
we went to HomeSense as you know and it
was absolutely brilliant very successful
got some amazing bits so I'm hoping I
can maybe get that video out by the end
of the week if not it will be this week
coming so you'll see a hole I'm really
excited about it so when you do see it
go up please give it some love I'd
really appreciate that then we make
dinner and we've had that and I spoke to
Charlotte on FaceTime and now I'm gonna
take everything home and Benji is coming
over tonight he's on his way home so
it's been a very busy day and I've got
lots of editing to crack on with now but
it's been really good productive I'm
feeling good I'm watching Charlotte away
from the girl and I just thought show
you had some post today and I saw this
on Fleur de forces Instagram story and I
am a huge lover of the wet brush I
carried my brush with me all day today
and they now have this mini pop fold one
which just makes my life oh my god this
is perfect for my handbag actually got
it on a website called Victoria Heath
I'd never heard of it before but I just
swiped up and followed fleurs link
basically just because I thought I'd
support it in case it was an affiliate
link but yeah I basically got one of
these I love it oh there we go
oh he's got a little mirror and then I
presume it just pops out always quite
stiff all right there we go and then
it's a little wet brush this is gonna be
so good for Disney ah I am so impressed
yes yay love it morning my love's it's
Wednesday today I've got quite a busy
day because I'm from my home scents
video gotta edit it and send out for
approval by the end of today and I'm
going to play rugby I know it sounds
crazy I'm basically doing some work with
England rugby and I'm doing an inner
warrior camp at a place called Ellingham
and and Ringwood rugby club I think but
I'm going there today to do some
instagrams they sent me a kit and yeah
I'm gonna be working with
every one Instagram basically so I'm
gonna do a pancake breakfast I've got my
stuff laid out I'm gonna do that for my
cook with me video that I'm working on
so that's why I'm doing this one I'm
gonna do cooking my pancakes have those
then I'm doing my home sent all editing
all afternoon and then I'm going to the
rugby camp this evening yay
I am bloomin knackered I've been working
on this home sin song all morning I
started filming about half eight and
it's now quarter to two so I've just
finished editing our app it's uploaded
I've sent it across so I'm just waiting
for approval on it I've got the tie my
hair up because I got so hot and I took
my dress off that I was wearing when I
put my dressing gown on I finally
stopped working it's 3 o'clock so I'm
watching Sophie and Dave and I've got my
leftover spaghetti from last night you
haven't seen this obviously I'm doing a
cook with me video so this was the
dinner we made yesterday I have been so
busy today so busy I've been glued to my
computer it's now almost six o'clock and
I'm off to do this rugby thing Benji's
gonna come pick me up and we're going
together cuz I need him to film for me
so he's gonna film some bits on the vlog
but I need him to do some Instagram
filming and photos for me also
considering doing a Q&A tomorrow so that
might be up already packed my bag I
still have those bits of clothes to tidy
up but I'm wearing my Canterbury clothes
that they sent me which I'm gonna be
wearing for rugby tonight I'm very
excited I'm very nervous I've got a
hairband tie my hair up I just wanted my
head down for the pictures and stuff
very vain but I've got a capri-sun some
water some snacks I've got some raisins
and crisps and a go ahead bar some spare
shoes some different tracky bottoms and
I'm also gonna pack little jumper that I
can change into can I wear my Murray
jumper yeah I think so we'll pack this
and I'll wait outside for Benji so let's
go to rugby so I've just arrives at the
Ellingham and Ringwood Rugby Club it's
pretty nice here there's a massive pitch
and I've got all my kit on I'm ready to
go and it's just science of rain which
is really disappointing but yeah I'm
here with Canterbury and England rugby
and they do these cups all over the UK
basically so
I'm really nervous I'm gonna get Benji
to film a little bit but it's kind of
rain so if that's the case then I'm just
gonna leave the camera inside but I'm
gonna get wet good
just go to tries Thank You piggy in the
middle
so knackered we had a really good time
there were a few other bloggers
instagramers kind of influences I guess
and the girls were really really nice
the people that run the club was super
nice as well so yeah it was really nice
evening it's almost half past nine now
and I'm really tired
Benji's with me obviously did you think
I was good
thanks for filming yeah it was really
good
it's good then she did my Instagram's
for me as well tonight so if you're not
following me on it's come already then
go and check out the pictures that we
did in the Instagram and stuff and I do
not have Instagram stories as well so
come follow me on Instagram I'm not
ready but anyway I'm gonna jump in the
shower I really want a bath but I'm too
tired it's too late isn't there I like
to take like an hour long bath and I'm
ready for bed I'm gonna sign up for
today but tomorrow I'm working on my
freelance social media things in the
morning then I've got to do some
blogging and writing and I might film
that Q&A tomorrow if I am up for it I
find myself a no seagull yep morning I
slept my hair wet so it's all like
naturally curly so that's a bit frizzy
I'll sort out later but I've just woken
up it's almost 8 o'clock and I'm going
to do my social media bits this morning
until one I'm loving the flat it looks
so tidy and lovely it feels like a new
home with one new bits in so so chuffed
so anyway I'm going to crack on because
I start seeing and this takes about 10
minutes I just wanted to say before I
forgot that I reached 38 thousand
subscribers this
so thank you so much 38,000 I remember
dare hit 20,000 so yeah it's amazing
38,000 of you so if you're not
subscribed ready
please do subscribe super grateful so
thank you so much it means a lot to me
I'm caring my work so I see you later
it's the first day of form of air show
and all day I've had planes going on my
head because I'm so close to Bournemouth
I filmed a Q&A and now I'm messing it so
I've almost finished editing it so
that'll be going up I can't talk to date
that'd be going up tomorrow and it's now
quarter to 5:00 so Benji will be home in
about an hour he's saying here again
tonight
he's working in Dorchester now for the
next two weeks so he'll be with me most
evenings now for the next two weeks then
he's going to working in Jersey of all
places so might be taking a trip to
Jersey at some point but he's definitely
gonna be in Jersey and then obviously I
go away anyway for two weeks so tonight
we're doing a hello fresh meal and
filming it and that's basically what I'm
doing I'm very content
I'm very snugly in my sofa my back is
killing me though from being at that
desk and not having a proper setup I
can't wait to get a Mac at some point
but not right now dinner is done washing
up Stan now we are catching up with
don't tell the bride which was on
yesterday we really like it we watch the
mechanic Oh somebody said that they
watch selfless after our recommendation
but I forgot to give the warning that
there if anyone has a meta phobia like
me there's over 16 doesn't say but the
mechanic didn't did it we watched the
mechanic it was really good it isn't it
could be years old yeah but we still
number one
yeah so we need to see number two next
oh it's hot bus eight I'm really tired
so we're gonna watch this and then head
to bed so I see you tomorrow
lightning strikes by my window
it's my chest dry in the morning good
morning it's the weekend it's Friday
it's currently 8 o'clock my hair is very
wild but this is my own natural curly
hair I'm off to the gym this morning
just having a bowl of cereal and I'm
gonna do a little workout and maybe go
for a swim I'm also gonna weigh myself
to see if I've lost any pounds at all I
don't know if I will have or if I've
remained under now I'm starting to like
I don't know I get too caught up in the
numbers but they have a proper body
tracks machine at my gym that does all
your body fat mass and all the
percentages so we'll see tonight Benji
and I are going out for drinks with some
of our friends it's my friend Adams
birthday and some of you might know my
friend Georgie so it's her boyfriend but
I would school without them so that'd be
really nice so we're doing that tonight
tomorrow we've got a barbecue for one of
Benji's cousins it's their birthday and
then tomorrow night we're going out
again with some of Benji's friends who
are now obviously my friends so that's
Saturday night and then Sunday we have
like a rough idea of some pounds but I'm
not 100% sure yet so make it for the
weekend it should be quite nice and it's
a nice day it's sunny it's good for the
earth show but I just want to get my
workout in and listen to some music and
yeah I've got a video going up today
which I did yesterday so that's good
I don't need to film what edit today and
that's what I have to tell you right
karaoke time and a place on my favorite
tune music if you were back in jail then
so hi
crying
I love the beginning of this so she gave
blinky Nicky day game ready ready no you
wanna see me naked
Wow
I got this for Gabby's Channel Gabby in
your chains recommendation
Berlin this traffic is just horrific
I've been waiting to this point for so
long it's Hoppus 12 and I had an amazing
morning actually I feel so good now I
weighed myself on the proper body tracks
machine so I'm using that as my guide
because if I use different scales and it
says different things then it's not
going to be as accurate so I lost five
pounds last week which is crazy I don't
know no actually lost that much but my
goal is to now lose eight pounds in 29
days so I was like 2 pounds a week which
is very durable so that put me in a good
mood then I did an hour of cardio it's
about 20 minutes swim in the outside
pool and then I went and sat in a
Jacuzzi hot tub thing and I did some
emails and Instagram and I've got lots
going on at the moment so I basically
did a load of work for my phone which is
good and then I had a shower and I've
washed dried and straightened my hair
which took about half an hour it's so
thick at the moment like it's so thick
and heavy so I'm gonna have it cut
before I go to Florida just to trim and
just to have some layers put in it I've
also been thinking about maybe getting
my nails done and my eyebrows done so
all things I need to start considering
I'm about to pull into Tesco I've
written a little list of things that I
want back from Tesco and they have some
really good offers on in there so I
thought I'd do a little food fall it's
just kind of a top-up oh really
or pizza I wanted and needed so the
first thing actually went into the
clothing section as I was looking for a
few last bits and outfits for Florida I
saw these in the sale I tried them on
and they looked so cute so I got myself
a pair of dungarees but it's a dungarees
dress so it was in my size it was
originally 20 pounds in the cell 210 and
then it's scanned up at 7 pounds fits me
so nicely and I just sit with a disney
top and some trainers this is gonna be a
really cute little outfit for Florida so
I think I'm almost there with my outfits
now I'm gonna be repeating a few but
obviously I'm not gonna
different outfit every single day but
I've got quite a few bits for Florida
now sand income almost there but anyway
so soft fluffy little loaf of bread let
his stuff we got some rocket and a mixed
big bag of leaves things just half the
cucumber because they never eat a whole
one peppers I've really start to like
happen so some of those a bow
lots of packets of the Tesco everyday
value battle mix for pancakes my whisk
dives so bought a new whisk tinfoil a
humongous box of fish fingers because I
just love fish finger sandwiches
raspberries they were on offer for a
pound which is good hot price when a
been Gino's favorite quick easy dinners
is getting the tomato mascarpone sauce
and the ravioli packets so we like the
spinach and ricotta tortellini not
ravioli tortellini lemon layered slices
these were half-price for mr. Kipling's
those another big family pack of capella
cloudy Apple this is my favorite I know
it's probably got loads of sugar in it
but I love it
I got some chicken slices these were
reduced to two pounds gonna have a
sandwich in a minute with one so got
some real own new stairs for dessert
because they were 80 calories per pot I
thought they'd be quite nice needs to go
out I'm so hungry because it's now
quarter past 2:00 so gonna make some
lunch cuz I want a sandwich
and just what changed this was live and
it's day but it's the red arrows it was
filmed live through the plane that is
insane that is absolutely insane
I've seen this performance pretty much
every year for my most of my life and
I'd haven't seen it this year just
because it gets a bit repetitive but
whoa look at the planes oh my god that's
insane
unbelievable I am actually blown away
about how amazing this is it's now 5 to
5 and I had a little nap earlier I fell
asleep for an hour listening to zoella
her voice is so soothing
I don't always fall asleep to have
videos but I was really dozy and I just
have log up on the side and close my
eyes and it was so nice had a little
blankie I'm just all snug off loved it
so anyway now I'm working on a blog post
that I've been writing for why I kind of
scrapped it and started again
so it's now ten past seven how's the
city eight then 10 power 7 we made
dinner and we're gonna start getting
ready cuz we're going up drinkies
tonight for our friend's birthday that's
all the rest to tell you really
I had the nicest nap today yeah nice
ready to go out you ready
yeah you're my bestest socks on I got
make hats on them 9 he made breakfast
this morning and I got a cup of tea and
I'm very excited for this it's actually
about oh my god it's half 11:00 it's
half 11:00 that's crazy we've just been
watching dr. Foster the drama the BBC
drama TV
show series show one episode two and I'm
really liking it so it might be a new
thing I'm gonna enjoy watching but it's
now a 5 to 2 we are packed up and going
to Benji's and spending the afternoon
with his family at a birthday barbecue
and lots of new people I've never met
before isn't it I said lots of new
people I've not met yet not many mums
not yet looking for - yeah this is all
my stuff in my defence I do have two
pairs of different Hills potentially to
go out tonight I've got my laptop I've
got a outfit to wear with jeans case
it's cold tomorrow and then I have my
outfit for tonight and my hair staff and
my makeup a bit so there we go
we have just come back from Benji's
cousin's birthday barbecue afternoon it
was really really nice had a really
lovely time
it was nice we had nice Kate we're
barbecue food we were that to like half
five we went to Sainsbury's and we've
got new bedding so I don't know if you
can actually appreciate this but we have
like nice new bedding it's so lovely
it's like brushed cotton but like it's
not I thought it'd be to like well like
and I wouldn't see if I won that match
is lovely it's really soft
no we've just tidied up Benji's bedroom
as well because you've been in that hit
all weekend news or your way back so
tonight we are going out with our
friends
whoa we did like my friends are sent
we're doing your friends tonight
although quite a few things yeah it's
Sunday and it's chucking with rain today
which is a shame for the last day of
Pierre festival air show in Bournemouth
but I didn't I think I ended up flocking
yesterday it was all a bit like a go but
we have a really good time last night we
went to one of Angie's friends houses we
were there for like pre drinks but I was
driving last night so I thought I'd
really like hate it because I haven't
really gone out without drinking for a
long long time but shit was fine it was
really good fun actually it was quite
nice to have 2 flexpays of home I can't
we went to a new bar Bournemouth Accord
all bar one I think it's a chain
actually but it's new to Bournemouth it
she just arrived two three weeks ago so
we went and checked that out it was
quite nice it was quite small though but
it was quite nice and then we went to
the casino Benji came one pound up and
just put croissants in the oven I've got
a cup of tea in my mug that um my friend
Kevin got me I love it this is my like
mug for here I've got two mugs here no
he allowed him one as well but yeah like
this one comes with a loop I don't need
the lid right now I think we'll get all
our work done here we'll be here for
most the day and then we'll see where
we're at I love like I'm just watching
Zoe's vlog this morning it's 40 minutes
long oh I've already watched 22 watching
it anyway today it's currently 5 o'clock
and we have been working from his bed
all day both of us solidly bench is
working on some coursework stuff for his
apprenticeship electrician thing and
I've been editing I did the weekly vlog
I've done half of my cooking video it's
gonna be up Friday so scheduled for next
week is obviously we booked today as
you're watching this Wednesday will be
the HomeSense hall and Friday will be
the cooking video so very very busy but
it's all done
for a second we're gonna now pack up our
things I moved to my house and I'm
considering having a nice bar this
evening dinner is done and now I'm going
to run myself a bar and I'm very excited
and I'm going to use my new bar cadena I
hope you'll see it Mike thinks it's
awful
I'm going to lush on Tuesday so I'm
gonna have this stock at the moment I've
got some zoella things in there and I
have a user and Coco what's this a
butter ball mmm I have balm cosmetics
one in there too it is very much Daniel
I'm just gonna go over there whoops
we're gonna do a face mask and I thought
I'd try this one next time try it out
yeah this green tea job' matcha tea not
green tea so a little candle on this is
a new one gonna like that
I had my bath and went that ready to go
to sleep
we had pasta for dinner really yeah we
always have like a garlic we've been on
the Disney life app and we're picking
Disney films to watch throughout the
month of September 101 dalmatians
finding dory hocus-pocus monsters
University finding dory said that we're
gonna watch all of those times this
month basically at some point and next
week it's gonna be really exciting cuz
I'm off to London I've got a very
exciting day next week I'm going to a
couple of events and obviously I've got
the two videos I've been filming this
week they're coming up on Wednesday and
Friday and if you're not following me on
Twitter and Instagram already then come
on over I'll be posting pictures of the
events amount and things so yes I think
that's how you I hope you have a lovely
week and I will see you next week for
analogue that's what chain
whenever I'm off to find the sunset a
flavor of
Marie
