hey guys I got home from Santa Barbara
today we're making cauliflower pizza got
from Trader Joe's we're junghwa yeah and
put chicken pesto on one we're going to
probably do pepperoni on the other right
or just cheese no that is not pepperoni
I agree that was really good like I
seriously recommended that it is kinetic
head I actually I'm like the pickiest
eater in the world I hate all vegetables
I hate everything and I couldn't tell
that it was our except the texture
thoughts concerns questions yeah
sounds will be gone I told you your new
click wait okay they're doing they
supposed to be on the top oh no no Bella
wait is that why does this look still
gross on camera guys in my particular
hat so pieces and cauliflower based
foods Patricia teas roses I know I'm in
a farce
all right let's cut this
why does it look like I'm Ana Paula
chert I'm in a movie so I just got back
from a workout class and I'm going to
make breakfast and you guys always ask
me to do like what I eat in a day type
of video but since I'm vlogging I just
thought I could show you like what I eat
in a day vlog style I guess I don't know
I'm usually for breakfast I scrambled
eggs because it's really really good for
you
before I worked out I had a banana
because I can't work out with having
like without having something in my body
like a little bit of food so I usually
have a banana before I work out okay
yeah this is my Becca I just got out of
the shower and I'm just throwing this
little summer dress is literally like 85
degrees out maybe hotter so this little
dress is actually from Lulu's but it's
like the brand is Billabong and it's
really cute and I go on I wasn't going
to wash my hair because obviously
there's just dry but it's just like I
felt so gross since I worked out but I
wanted to like style it since I wanted
to film but I couldn't because I like we
really couldn't stand it it just felt so
gross like you know what I mean um but
I'm pretty much Peter oh I just stepped
on it I think I'm going to upload the
what's in my purse video right now I
make a little bit hesitant to do so
because let me tell the vlog so even
though this video will be up after
obviously terms I'm uploading this one
right now
but the reason I'm a little bit hesitant
to upload it is because not that I have
a nice person it because my purse as you
guys know if you watched it was a Gucci
bag and I not that I have anything weird
in my purse that I wouldn't want people
to see just because I kept it really
realistic didn't really take anything
out of it but um the reason I don't want
to upload it it's because I watch that
over and I feel like I sound just really
vain in it if that makes any sense like
I just found I don't know I think a lot
of people have been telling me lately
like all my videos and I should never
let like comments or hate comments get
to me but that I'm like not as humble as
they used to be and I'm more vain and
whatever and I think it just stems
because I feel more confident in my
channel so I can just be myself more and
not like so shy and like ready to please
everyone I'm just more myself but I
don't want people to think I'm vain
because I'm not vain I know I'm not me
and I know I'm I try to be humble I
don't think I'm the shit so I don't know
this video just I feel like makes me
seem
Thayne I think I'm looking into it a lot
because that's what I get in the
comments a lot but I hope no one at
least I don't care about the haters that
think I'm vain but if my subscribers
started to think I'm vain that's an
issue so I love you guys so much I'm
always so grateful for you I'd never
want any like anything to come off that
way I I'm so humbled to do what I do and
I'm so blessed and lucky that over
800,000 people like want to come on this
journey with me so I really hope I make
that clear and if I don't then it's just
my seventeen year old self getting to my
head seriously but I think I'm going to
upload it so let's do it
um you might have seen in my Instagram
story yesterday if you guys don't follow
me on Instagram it's always link down
below but I'll have my socials like
right here because I post so much and I
update you guys and it's like the best
place to follow me if you just want like
daily updates but I got a bunch of stuff
from fresh so this was not sent to me I
bought this with my own money so I was
thinking about doing a skincare haul
I've never I used some of the products
but I've never used all of them I bought
a lot of new things and I kind of wanted
to switch up my skincare even though I'm
a professional answer but I'm out of the
products and I know I just wanted to try
something new and but I'll probably buy
more because you guys know that's like
my ride-or-die skincare um but yeah so I
think I'm going to film a haul on this
my hair is still a little damp and I
need to dry it and then maybe style it a
little bit before film I actually want
to head downstairs though and make
myself a little snack before I start
filming and doing my hair and stuff just
because it helps with energy obviously
it when I'm filming and you hear when I
walk my ankle crack I'll write it and
normally just press it up
now we take it upstairs actually I'm
allowed to eat in my room
but I hope my parents don't watch us
what if they do watch this the reason I
in my room I don't think a met and
because when I'm in the kitchen and I
eat I rush eat because I want to get
back to my room and then I make myself
whole and I feel sick and I and I binge
eat also when I'm in my kitchen like I
don't stop eating if I'm just found
excit so fast I still think I'm hungry
when I bring my snack up to my room I
just sit down i watch videos I enjoy
myself and I don't feel like I need to
rush anything because I'm just content
in my bed so that's a trick that's my
little trick for me if you binge eat
like me I actually Benji I'm not just
like claiming like I will eat and won't
stop so it's a really good way it's how
I lost a lot of weight by doing this
actually I mean I lost most of my weight
from eating healthy and working out but
good check excuse assistant notice my
dog is eating her lunch but usually for
lunch I like to make myself something
not super heavy especially from going
out after this because I hate feeling
like overly sold so I usually make
myself like a little turkey wrap it's
one of my favorite snacks it's so yummy
and just easy innit not that I don't
really I'm not the type of person what
I'm eating healthy or like trying to
stay fit to count calories I just like
put healthy food to my body and eat
until I'm full which i think is
important I think once you start
counting calories you go a little bit
nuts but I know that this is pretty low
calorie so I usually like having some
corn tortillas
I prefer corn over flour but if you
prefer flour that's totally high if you
just do like two of another little and
then I'll just keep them in the
microwave for like 30 seconds and then I
just get like some sliced turkey from
the market I just go to that like the
deli section
then I just have them really thinly like
I think it's called oven Boar's Head
oven gold is the type of Turkey I got
and I just have them slice it super
super thin so 30 seconds I just have
them slice it really thin and then I
just put some of that in the tortilla
and I have rock for lunch and it's so
good it doesn't make me super full but I
usually have like fruit or something
else with it so I'm trying to figure out
what I might have like chip I don't know
whoopee so I look like I'm eating like a
five-year-old and basically - I just
have turkey wraps and then like some
veggie chips and these little cheesy
popcorn things from Trader Joe's they're
a little bit better than Pirate's Booty
I think they're the same thing but try
to treat yourself okay and I'm 17 I have
to live a little bit so that's my lunch
I know I'm 5 don't touch me I genuinely
have no idea if my camera's in focus
I'm really hoping it is I'm just what
you're shopping with my sister so I'm
just - misty Curzon they said they were
just getting salad really quickly like
45 years ago
Justin's waiting at home I haven't
filmed the video that I was wanting to
film today time - honestly kind of
slipped away but okay I posted today and
I'll probably film it tomorrow
um no big deal just putting my sneakers
on I'll show you guys a little outfit
shot
the genes of the Redhawks florette open
on the screen right here just store and
then Kiev and I actually welcome to a
show because they were different to me
but I like 101 both of them and then
this little cross shirt is from Zara it
doesn't come across I really took this
into my kitchen and cut it and then I'm
wearing my little Gucci speakers and
these speakers are my favorite because
they have this little thing on them and
I got future Christmas and then this
size red and that size blue and then
been like two seconds since I last saw
you but they're so good with my outfit
if anyone is wondering I can't turn it
off options that's from those pirate
puffs
we made our dad oatmeal raisin cookies
because they're his favorite in
tomorrow's Father's Day so we're just
waiting for them to cook a little bit
longer I think they're just about done
maybe like 30 more seconds but they look
so good oh those look so good I'm
probably making everybody watching this
want cookies right now because any time
I watch the youtuber put food in their
vlog or if they're eating or something I
always want the food but they look
really good they're still like super
soft we just took them out a little bit
early since tomorrow is Father's Day
I completely forgot to end the vlog of
course basically after we bake those
cookies we just what happened I don't
even know we just kind of had a chill
night and then obviously yesterday was
Father's Day we went to Orange County I
saw my grandparents at my cousin's my
aunt's and stuff and now I'm back home
it's Monday June 19th I'm going to
upload this today but I just wanted to
give like a some sort of outro since I
totally forgot to end the vlog and I
also just wanted to say like I'm sorry
since this was such like a weird random
chatty bug I kind of just liked how
casual it was that was like a fun way to
catch up with you guys to give you guys
a little week speak into my life mal is
coming over today so I'm probably going
to start a new vlog because we go to
VidCon on Wednesday and I definitely
want to vlog that and I definitely want
to vlog when she's here before so I'm
going to end this one now and then
basically start another one but down in
the description box I am going to have
all my VidCon times and panels or if I'm
doing Meetup I don't really know my
schedule I think I'm doing one panel
maybe two I think one so I'm going to
link it down or just write it down below
if you guys are at VidCon it would mean
so much to me if you went to my panel
and said hey I want to meet you guys so
badly I love meeting you so yeah thanks
for watching this vlog and hopefully I
will see you at VidCon but if not I'll
see you in my next video bye
