I mean good morning it is 6:30 a.m. in
the dominican republic we got here at
last night and the boys somehow found
some energy to go swimming and to go to
the entertainment as well so they stayed
up till about 8 o'clock in the Dominican
which was like 1 o'clock in England so
we don't know how they did it but they
did it and we felt brilliant we will
like beat the jetlag but Caleb woke up
at 3:30 in the morning and he woke up
both of his brothers so we have been up
since 3:30 I was so tired I've put on a
full face of makeup because I was so
like I feel like this hoping they have
really good coffee here even I'm Jake
I'm so excited I love the first day of
holiday because it's like a day of
discovery and like finding out like what
it was all its like and what you want to
do and what restaurants want to go to
and booking things stuff so we have that
basically our plans of the day we just
walked me to the bus a now it opens at
6:30 I'm sure we're going to be like the
first ones there but yes so far so good
is absolutely beautiful and right now
it's 6:30 in the morning and it's 26
degrees I think right I feel quite hot
so yeah Jackson's been an angel all the
boys have been really good it's just
Caleb getting up a330s of throwing up
and that's why at home we never let him
stay up late at home like snow people
sometimes make their kids deposits and
stuff we really struggle with that
because Caleb even if he stays out
really late he will still get up at 7
a.m. like you'll still always get up
early so that's a shame but we're going
to let have a nap today
and hopefully being generous
hi dad
what you had in voice awesome any dream
you know what managers are we like our
good to get my news with like I was
roughly four bricks
Kevin and a coverlet I see that my
favorite we got perfect stay really
aromatic all the American cereals yeah
you're in your element tonight oh come
on breakfast you're gonna be bouncing up
swivel Jack is eating daddy for
breakfast thank you you need each other
this is a little park right now our part
men were staying left what you think
what my garden today
oh my god they've been for breakfast and
then we have a bit of a wonder to just
have a look around enough this is a
beach and it looks amazing and useful so
we're back to the room now
the boys are just swimming in our zone
that's all it is freezing I don't know
how they're doing it and their practice
funny waiting well she still the three
boys right here in Houston if we had a
boy and a girl and I was like oh that's
nice and she was like yeah you've got
three boys shrimp I can't do a Caribbean
accent this is like ah you want to
change the position just correct me up
so much like they're just so friendly
and open and like lovely here it is so
much different from British people and
so yes thanks I say kids remember that
become my next one oh my goodness are
you freezing cold yeah yeah baby
how okay maximum that room is good it's
got this like child door you can close
it and then the kids can't get out but
you can still have a nice breeze like
coming through the room
right so we were hanging out in the room
this morning and then we went swimming
and the kids cool and now we can find my
fingers and Canopus fingers and now
we're off to post a hi we're another day
early now off to post a compression
entry that freezes does that every night
I do play house live here which is like
an empty stranded yeah and every night
they do a different competition and
tonight it is who knows what
SpongeBob SquarePants is pet snails name
is and who can draw the best picture of
him
it's baby Hulk you know you know hope
always tired I'm going to go and find
some lunch
ok be careful you did on monkeys we
don't want any injuries on day one do we
now we don't
I am told in a sleep easy flow what
happens when you wake up in the morning
so we're back for lunch now camp is just
having a sleep in the room Jackson and
friends that are playing outside so I
think freeze is just going to play in
the swim up while we're that kind of
have a little snooze just about it
phrases videos I want to have a nap oh
oh that was nice very nice I've been
hanging out in the room for a while and
all three boys have had a nap at the
same time that has never happened before
but I'm now thinking I'm going to wake
them up because it's bedtime at home I'm
worried that they're down for the night
Kevin said two hours first half an hour
Jackson I'm not so worried about cause
he is just he said she'll Jedi doesn't
seem to bother him at all and I'm going
to attempt to wake him up he is not the
happiest person when he's woken up so I
hope this goes well going well
No why should we go out all right we've
already and about the sooner the
entertainment and to explore idol
I hate all you through my three rounds
away we have what you have to deal Rafi
sir why are these that as well also
cannot cannot increases if you have your
others are for to release our black
prospective but coming this is beautiful
chocolate but is there how do I know how
it is right now are people that are not
afraid to the fourth voiceover year come
on now for the are you sick and what do
you have today
yesterday fuck this little tea party
morning so far paralyze yes I have to
say without a supposed to say yes
breakup yes
oh brother who's a citizen
it's got back in it's about eight
o'clock and we had loads of fun phrase
of one the mailbox competition at
Playhouse life
no PA it was only because there was only
two people in it and so we both for so
just gonna gonna make everyone bling it
a good time it was a good picture done
yeah
