hi everyone and welcome back to a new
vlog it is Sunday
I never normally vlog on a Sunday but I
promise we do have some exciting things
to do today it's not just cleaning that
is luckily out of the way which I'm so
happy about but today we are going on a
little bit of a road trip so I thought I
would take you along for the ride and
minute that sweater weather comes back
and awesome rolls around I'm back into
I think I'm going to go to zero two that
is the one that seems to me the most so
let's get close make sure I haven't got
any cookie around my face still yep I
had a cookie for breakfast because it's
for the day let me tell you what we're
getting up to we've always wanted to go
to Rye it's still technically in East
Sussex so it's still technically a
neighbor of Brighton but it's about an
hour and a half down the coast and we've
always wanted to go no you know what
let's go on a little adventure today
there are Lowe's pubs it's a really good
burger place apparently so just gonna
kind of wandered around there I think
this and cute galleries and shops as
well as it's just a nice little kind of
seaside town to walk around you ready
let's go change of plan we were in
traffic jam and then a guy like Wanda
and his window and he was like don't go
this way basically on like a single
carriage ride he was like you can't get
past three costs mash it up say time
around so everyone has time around I
hope everybody is okay but we fell like
maybe it's not best to go to ride
because there it's kind of like a one
Road in one Road out coat place and if
we can't get through it's going to take
us so long to go like the long way
around mark I think is about to pass out
he's really hungry and he just wants a
Sunday lunch so it's currently about
half 12:00 I think we're going to go to
our second choice which is a place
called lupus but actually I've kind of
been meaning to show you in the vlogs
anyway because it's quite place to write
and like how long does it take us to get
there like 20 minutes
but 20 minutes from Brighton and it's a
really key place to go for a day trip if
you're from Brighton or you live nearby
or you fancy something a bit different
we love a bit of Lewis there's a really
good high street as good when I teach
shops there
great places to eat completely go thro
great places to eat and as Mark did
mention there is a very good boutique
there as well which I took an Instagram
off last time I was there and basically
wanted to buy the whole shop so this is
our plan B we hope everybody is okay
Louis so and like hey really one Sunday
right there light be fixed no you
haven't fixed well I think you can't
come in my suggest fine well wait wait
it's cool you said no it's not a case of
that it's a case of you haven't got
enough food so no you can't so now we're
walking to nothing
we're gonna be so happy when we finally
eat I can't wait so chances of us
walking to this place and getting a
table I'm not I'm not feeling very
optimistic but there's that coke brother
if we need to there's options we have
options
yeah yeah we just have to wait a long
time and they said about 20 minutes then
we can order that's all right I guess 20
minutes of threes in the manganese
nation we're really picking out and
right thing
that was really good yeah
Marcus yes demolishing my left quick
hours later that was so good shakey
camera whirs now we're gonna take you
for a little tour of our favorite spots
in Lewis or as Mark used to call it
there are the cutest little book shops
but unfortunately it is Sunday so they
are all closed however there's an
amazing part for the high street is a
good spot with lots of little cute like
shops and highway shops book shops all
that kind of stuff and we're gonna take
you to one of our favorite shops so I
think is called the goods store the
basics mean it is such a cute little
shop I see if we can film in there cuz
everything is adorable and I need it
adorable I pull a little bottle for my
beauty blender and jewelry I will show
you when I get home and then a little
keychain a third girl book which mark
like really no not really but it was
really cute a knife there are lovely
couple in there if you're in Lewis go in
if you walk all the way to the end of
the high street there is a very cute
fridge with a nice little view out what
River is it you should know that I
should I never can never and which one
it is
news of ADA by now the feeling is the
teeth that you want that new people they
go yes local knowledge
I thought before we head back I would
quickly show you what I got from goods
store I got myself this little girl boss
um keyring and it says it's made by key
tags by various projects super cute I'm
just a sucker for anything with a slogan
on and then I got this bowl as well it's
bit hard to do empty-handed it's like a
70s ceramic bowl I thought it'd be
really good for my beauty blender and
like jewelry and a lot of things like
that
good purchases I think I do too and the
weather is really brightened up it's
lovely right now I'm about to step off
because I'm boiling I've got to do an
outfit today so I thought I was showing
you now this is the Demi lis like
massive Chungking it like fishermen
JumpStart thing that I got in New York I
showed in my New York haul video with
Lily that went up on Sunday thank you
for all of your lovely comments on that
it's obviously some day today so I'm
seeing them all out and I'm so glad you
enjoyed with it and I love doing the
chatty get ready with me with Lily like
we should definitely do that more often
so that was such a lovely cool relaxed
video to film and I was back to Lily's
video this morning it was it was
cracking me out very good time doing
then I've got on these my whistles they
were from last year and they're
literally my favorite boots of all time
because the leopard print they're
Chelsea boots they've got pointy toes
they went out of stock very quickly last
year but I checked on the whistles
website the other day and they're back
they're not exactly the same I think
they have a zip instead of this stretchy
bit of elastic but they look very very
similar so I'll make sure their link
down below for you and then my little
Selene tree over because if it's
everything in but I will make sure that
everything is linked down below for you
in case you bill spending is almost five
o'clock so I am getting out of these
clothes now I get it
something a little bit more comfy cuz I
just kind of Warner I thought might read
a book on the sofa it sounds kind of
good but it's still gonna keep face to
makeup on
still testing this out let's see how it
goes because mark and I we didn't have
dessert in that place in the end because
they were just being a bit slow and we
were like we need to go see everything
before everything closes but I did say
to mark we can go to the supermarket and
pick up a dessert on the way home and we
did and its massive it's like a four
person five sticky toffee pudding
because through him that big good old
test for the lipstick later on I'd love
to say that it was like 9 o'clock or
something but I'm not gonna lie it's
seven o'clock I'm ready to have a bath
and get into bed I've been editing the
vlog and I just showed my hot the bit
where he does like the little kick up
but I perfectly timed that I know it's
like the perfect shot like a fun day we
planned it it's my favorite part of the
see you on Sunday the brand-new video
that's gonna be oh my lord some capsule
wardrobe pull I've shown you a couple of
things especially in this video so I saw
a couple more things but yeah I bought a
very awesome coat and I can't wait to
share that with you so I will see you
then thanks for watching bye
