good morning everybody today I am going
to get my hair cut
is what does it is Thursday I've
actually been vlogging for like a week
now I'm not miss feeling too well so I
haven't been like pushing myself to vlog
like whole days but I've loved a few
snippets of what I've been up to
so before I wish the hairdresser's you
can watch that and I'll catch up with
you when i am there my way to pick up
coffee and i think we're going to scale
bakery for breakfast how you doing Bob
is good what he is having were these a
sweet corn pancakes and it's amazing
then we've got some juices that like
that as well I'm so close to this is so
yummy and they have gone a bit overboard
I can make this fit it might be a
miracle then you can send out this one
it's thick so it was easier than I
expected but not in the way I
anticipated I have a friend in the front
seat we have to be really careful about
this do you think we ordered too much
all right we're good
I'm with healthy again yeah previously
been out for lunch crunch and scrunch
lunch and I'll ice cream we went to the
Magnum store and got these crazy ice
cream so he stopped eating I think the
button on my jeans like my thing often
hit someone in Copiah cotton-eye joe
arpaio everlastin without Matthews event
so you think we have knowledge that we
are I'm going to try to eat my ice cream
now needy what's in your bag
what's up you know put some blush on oh
can you say mulberry oh god what a
beauty Suzy Holly how do you feel
graduated okay but it's a factor present
day I'm going to get my hair cut it has
got so long to this right now this is
where I get my hair done
I've been here less than five minutes
and Hanna's all a bit excited if she's
already
I think
I'm home I am in my office right now
you guys might not see my office and
this is why because it's just filled
with crap and lights I'm looking a
little bit to shovel right now that I
thought I'd show you my hair some of you
might feel like this is not a massive
change because over the past couple of
months I have been wearing the length of
my hair which was like down here behind
my shoulders I really wanted to go this
length and to get myself used to seeing
myself like listen to make sure I liked
it I just basically had a lot of the
layers cut in but then been wearing the
length of it behind and I did like the
car lock I really liked the cut of it
when it was longer but I love this the
color is amazing you guys missed it I
wasn't recording at one point but I had
a turn to me at one point out of
painting the color onto my hair she does
it like him it's really precise little
Wayne she's just like oh my god I just
love doing this and it was just the
cutest thing ever because she loves
making sure color is like really
seamlessly blended and they're like
there's not a single line like I go
through my hair with literally with a
fine-tooth comb I just can't seem to
find like any lines where you can see
where it starts I'm just so so happy
with it did you want to say hello to
everyone thank hi dad missed you me
doing she is so like attention-starved
after I had like my head I'm afternoon
just like please please give me some
love no no you are so cute if anyone
wants to follow knowledge Instagram is
it's not as a poem change you have a
whole 2016 followers now if you're
wondering why there's a pillow under my
desk well because I'm not asleep
Shido comes in and like lies down at my
feet she's okay hi everybody it's ash
today is Friday today I'm with Lois and
right now she is in bagelman
buying a Sables and I'm so so happy
about this I'm starving is lunch time
this morning I for a run when for a
personal training session and we shot
both of them in
two hours you are super happy with that
just going to have a hope of a lunch
break now I did film them if you want to
see what a shoot with me and Lois looks
like
but my hand has been blown to pieces now
and it's not looking so great yeah hey
girls let's substitute 2 for how many 2
by 3 3
you went to the threes we have one on
the whole sign I went to the gym this
morning to Alice I'm so hungry
okay I have changed I'm going out I'm
going to go meet my friend Stevi for
some baby cuddles and Starbucks can be
so nice the weather is so nice and
really excited to be at the house and it
is Friday it's officially the weekend
nearly five o'clock which means I'm 10
minutes late to leave in five o'clock on
the week which means is the weekend so
excited to come back later a place I've
actually met quite cute in next channel
which i think is really funny but not
only clue Center was considering are
basically looking yeah do you say else
so now I don't so it's camera anyway no
until I find my contract
oh so I am home I am just about to make
down curry tonight mmm so excited I've
hello
was there anyone there but that no no I
wasn't you watching the world go by
outside she likes to watch out the
window like a cat
get on going to fuck you inside my
cupboard also whilst I was out and
excuse my dishwashers in the background
it's been quite noisy but earlier I had
that I won't raisin bar and that if it's
dark I'll show you tomorrow morning and
just because I want to be able to
actually see what I'm doing and it's
kind of kind of dark not good morning so
it is Saturday last night
I totally fell asleep whilst I was
watching Jurassic world I've tried
eating my food it was amazing I really
really needed actually I'm actually not
feeling very well today
my throat is like massively swollen ups
I think there's going to be a bit of a
chill day and right now I'm literally
sitting by my bedroom window waiting
very very patiently for my new office
manage to arrive and Ringley driving on
a Saturday
I just had like a million update saying
that it's coming it's coming by at
certain time and its roots at that time
it's still not here I'm going to show
you it when it gets here
it's arrived my delivery has arrived
it's so pretty
this is my chest of drawers which are
going to be I think maybe some space and
makeup storage in the future we've got
these really nice shallow drawers a
moment I have my makeup stored somewhere
else I'm actually gonna have a nice big
round mirror above it as well which I
think looks so pretty goes really nicely
with my little gray Sewell I do actually
have a pink chair which i think is maybe
going to go in this gap so this will
like move up and then there's going to
be a pink chair their pictures
downstairs at the moment so I'm going to
show you that so this is my pink chair
ignore its little got little hooves at
the moment and are protecting it from
the stool or protecting my floor from it
local just pop this down here also we're
trying to get the chest of drawers
upstairs so pretty and pink look quite
nicely actually
my bone of the world luckily it's not
very heavy also getting this up there's
no problem that now I need to get back
to my work because I've been shooting
these flowers this morning and if she
pees I'm going to shoot them somewhere
else as well so I have like optioned and
then I think about breakfast which I'm
so excited about clients so hungry
throughout the half now okay okay even
in my love this week still here and we
are here daddy we are - oh no - entirely
stronger than a head of it we're going
to attack true survivor run away being
an axiom good bakery I'm like
or these pancakes are so good now how
much he loving the pancakes no we also
got some granola as well
you have to shovel this in and make
space for all of it so yummy
no Allah nails bakery super yummy know
that to a mountainful and now I'm going
to take josh to a Twix favorite in
stores just just on the corner so this
is where we're going
I'm obsessed casually walking along with
the cactus you get that I'm great I'm
such a child but that cactus makes me
laugh so much it's like a penis flown
shot so yeah we're done home shopping
now goodbye too much no I felt like a
1-point oh girl come out with the entire
shot at home I'm sick of this very
vanilla please thank you do you like the
new chair can I keep I don't know if
it's going to stay this way but we still
look cute together
I think this chair will just roam around
the office and this might go in the
like a handmade big files like it
downstairs from like a little store and
Brighton but if you want something
similar hmm do this and I think it's
really cute so I'm about to go to my
mum's in a minute before I do I thought
I'd show you my Chop Shop order yeah I
mentioned this yesterday I'm going to
open up maybe try a couple of bits on
see how it is and then I'm going to go
just like channel my mom's because I'm
feeling really rough also guys my phone
is going crazy with new notifications
from my home Instagram I thought that
I'd show you it thank you to everyone
who has liked and commented so far this
is my home Instagram had October at home
I just started using a hashtag for this
for my home stuff and then I realized I
wanted somewhere to put all of my home
stuff and for now and in the future so
I've just posted like five so far this
afternoon and you guys seem to really be
like now it is so cool and it's also
going to be like in stories of home
stuff
things like that on here that I won't
show yet on my hello October XO page
so yeah they'll be like into the stories
and stuff of like new things before I
post them or before you see the member
logs yeah that is it go check it out
okay so these are the items I bought I
have to say on first impressions I
haven't tried them on yet obviously but
the material isn't the nicest feeling
material it's not bad but it's not
amazing and - the prices are they're not
expensive but I do feel like I don't
know the material is kind of strange
I'll see what it's like on it might be
amazing and like full really nicely so
we shall see I've got a dress in the
screen print and then shorts I think it
shorts or a skirt and an off shoulder
then it's got like a corset style top
which I don't know if that's going to
work for me but we will see expo skirt
all of this but I just wanted to try it
and all that keeps dropping out I see I
really like these I'm probably keep them
okay
pink top Bab fit it's like in my size
around the waist around here it's
absolutely massive don't love this one
so much so this dress is kind of
hilarious because I think that's just a
bit too much material definitely say if
you want this size down so I probably
need an 8 in this because it's really
wide definitely size down if you're
looking to get this if I like the frills
that run all the way down the sleeves
are kind of weird so really like the
entirely sure on this top in fact I
don't think I like this top this is what
I talk about when I say that shoulder
can make you look so much wider I don't
love this so don't listen so it's got a
really cheap feeling big zip at the back
kind of like what they've put on Swim's
Douglas because of the material this no
saying it's weird it means that these
just get stuck then like sit in weird
positions like that I don't have time
for that good morning it is Sunday I am
just great I can't speak this morning
and that's great for breakfast with
Carly and Leon so I take you with me and
wrap up this log because I feel like
it's been going off about a week now and
it's getting crazy just free thing that
I was with Carly and Leon hi guys I am
back home now we are us go out for lunch
with Josh's family so I'm probably get
into vlog here because I also want to
start another book I'm going to do an
outfits of the week so a bit like my
what I eat in a week video I'm going to
do or what I wore in a week starting
from today so I'm not going to show you
too much of my outfit and I'm going to
start doing that now and I'll get so
confused if I try and do two at a time 6
I'm just going to do that and yeah if
you guys have enjoyed this week's vlog
part of its Braddock I feel like I've
mentally been a bit all over the place
so the dog probably has been as well but
I hope you enjoyed it and hopefully I'll
be back again next week with or the week
after maybe with another weekly vlog is
slightly more coherent looking forward
to it
but thank you so much for watching I
love you lots can I switch you can see
bye
