good morning everyone I've woken up in a
beautiful hotel room because I was at an
event last night with Anna Ruth and
Caroline we had such a hilarious evening
I've worked not very happy and feeling
really refreshed also really liking my
makeup I've been trying really hard to
do extra glowy makeup recently because
my skin's been so dry so I might do a
little video soon on this if I can kind
of perfect it I'm actually now checking
out my doors opens and I'm really aware
that everyone can hear was lost and let
me just close that I'm actually now
have a really fun day together we are
going to record the podcast at Glamour
magazine so their podcast which is
called hey it's okay
Joe Alvin and I think a couple of other
people are going to be chatting to us we
have no idea what it's about what we're
going to be talking about or anything so
I'm just going to have to get better I
like thinking on the spot and chatting
but hopefully that'd be really nice and
then we're going to interview Georgie
Keys who is the founder of Ostia we
tweeted last night's ask you guys who
had these skincare questions for her she
is so great I can't wait Anna but she
never met her I love her I met her a
couple of times so I'm really excited to
see her how so I'm going to bring you
guys with me today got my suitcase and I
think I'm ready to go it's such a
beautiful sunny day like really really
warm I love it it makes me so happy we
actually took achieve and it convinced
me not getting but which meant that
we've got how much quicker so we're
taking our time and we're wandering down
the planner haven't said hi to you on a
vlog yet hi who wrote very well rested
the beds last night was so complete so
we're going to wander down to grammar
and we'll stop vlogging because there's
a group of builders they lost we didn't
oh no I thought most Neer's
vogue house which reaches the glamorous
we're hoping area I think it is so we're
going to go in here if we can find you
we need to fine so we're now in the
glamour offices Joe's here hello hi and
look at this mess up it's a standing
situation yeah I mean I feel like I'm
going to pretend to be like a radio
person with this there's no sense that's
closest we finished at glamour and it
was so good on
so like quick and the ANA spent like a
well-oiled machine they know exactly
what they're doing there and Joe is such
approach you just like start talking
then Azam through it was really fun I
really enjoyed that we're now picking up
some flowers for our podcast guests
we're going to pick some kind of houses
afternoon and we've got a little bit of
time so they were going to grab some
lunch as well flowers and liberty are
insane they're so beautiful let me show
you look at seeing oh my god and then
over here they saw all the pretty pink
on its work some celebrity just to look
at the flowers places and our precision
I can't believe I'm saying this after
last week's vlog fine bat kuv I feel
like I come here all the time because
about the circus so we're going to have
cooking out some sushi for lunch and
look at it head to Georgie's huh
we finished recording a podcast Georgie
and yes own I and what do business I do
nice one of us is there like competing
to see who's going to get an adverse
user hits on you know they're going to
get them in the podcast amelong I'm home
again and I'm back at my desk so weird I
haven't had hay fever all day and I've
just walked into my flat used washing
and suddenly I have terrible hay fever
so does that mean I'm like allergic to
my flat I don't really understand how
that works
but we had a really successful day lots
of talking like podcasts are just so
chassis I've got a little bit of work to
do before it's like 10:00 to 5:00 those
want to quickly set up some emails
before everyone like leaves their office
and then I'm going to make dinner for me
and rich and I'm making them a
delusional curry again in such a
coincidence when I vlog on days I do the
same things as I did last week I guess
that's like real life though isn't it
rich to the food shop while I was away
last night and apparently tonight we're
having curry okay I've done my emails
for the day well I'm going to quickly
show you guys because I just received
something in the post that I'm pretty
excited about as you guys know is late I
talk about it all the time if you've
watched me for years and you would have
seen the original video that I did with
my friend Keisha when she got me into
epilating
before I'd tried waxing laser shaving I
kind of tried it all as a very hairy
girl that has been hairy since I was
like a young teen I feel like I've
literally tried it all and I just really
enjoy epilating I find it's really
convenient for me this is about the
booking appointments that I have to go
get waxed and also just mainly it just
works really well for me it's mainly
results driven that's why I do it I just
find that the hair grows back so much
slower and not all at one so it's much
easier to maintain and it was just a
sunny day and I want to just throw on a
dress I can pretty much guarantee that
my legs are going to be in a good
condition whereas when I used to shave
it it was just glad I would always have
stubble it was a bit of a nightmare I
really don't find epilating hurts you
get so used to it it's like the first
couple of times it's a little bit of a
shock and then you really do get used to
the feeling it's actually
quite satisfying I find what you used to
it I know that sounds crazy is plate my
legs and my arms not because I don't
think that girls should have hairy arms
at all I did for 28 years of my life or
something I just prefer it I like the
feeling of my arms but as I said I don't
have to keep up with it all the time at
the moment I haven't escalated my arms
for 3 weeks maybe and there's like
hardly anything there and a few fine
heads are there are so exciting it's not
stubbly or anything it still feels
okay if you want to grab a watch
all along international team to forget
about yourself
wondering how food comes around I didn't
call for
vegetarian path change
Rich's cook to the right in our magic
writers I hear that I love some magical
hardly enjoyable past
obsess and I just finished the chlorine
pretty sure the cause of all cooked
through now it smells so good I just got
my little notebook out cuz I'm going to
prep for a video I do have tomorrow I
haven't got video Sunday I just suddenly
came up the idea today but I have no
idea if it's gonna be any good or not so
I'm just going to write it down and see
if it's gonna be a good enough idea for
a video which is just watching football
I just realized that it's 11 o'clock
about to go to bed I have an unpacked
since last night work so I'm going to do
that now I'm going to finish vlogging
for today and I think I'm going to vlog
so it's Tuesday now and I think I'm
gonna vlog on some day so I pretty much
got a whole week until I speak to you
guys again I've got lots of videos to
film between now and then Father's Day
on Sunday I must get my dad something
not sure what to get someone who doesn't
want anything
I'll see you guys on Sunday good morning
everyone it is Sunday and it's been a
while since I spoke to you last time I
had a whole week of work on Friday Anna
and I recorded another podcast it was
really good yesterday I went all finding
that work suffered so the whole of
Saturday and stuff aware which family
are from and then today it is Father's
Day it's going to be so hot like almost
30 degrees it's been crazy hot recently
so I put my hair up because it needs to
be washed anyway I've hardly put any
makeup on and we're going to my parents
house for a barbecue I think there's
also going to be sorry that's the
washing machine making loads of noise I
think we going to have tapping pool and
sprinkler and the kids are going to be
like in a cynical stoom so I've also put
my swimming costume on because it's
Sunday and I actually forgot I was
vlogging so now I'm like going any to
blog when I'm looking rough but it's
going to be really fun I don't know how
much of today I can film but first thing
I'm doing this morning is going for a
walk with my friend Hannah we always
like to catch up it's a breakfast we'll
go to walk to something like that so
we're going to go for a little walk we
are walking around my local area there
so I can't vlog it but I will come back
to you guys when we're back from our
walk we need to eat something first
banana we're filling up the paddling
pool
got blankets on the go hi guys sorry
that I have been absolute failure of a
vlogger today ah my hay fever has been
so so bad I just put in like these are
cotton wool pads as soaked in cold water
on my eyes because they hurt so much
I've had really bad hay fever since I
was about 18 and if you don't get he
fever I think you realize how bad is
like my throat feels like what knives
that makes wrote like a can't stop
sneezing continuously in my eyes today
I've been burning so much and so it's
been really hard to kind of concentrate
on anything else I went to my parents
house and we had a barbecue and we
played in the paddling pool which was
really nice it was so fun to be around
all the kids but it's just it was hard
to my blog and stuff as well because I
just couldn't take my wine I couldn't
concentrate anything I feel so like
bummed up in my face on the way back
from my parents we popped in to my
friends Gemma and Ben and we had we'd
like catch up and have a drink we'll end
up staying for dinner and getting sushi
that always happens when we go to see
them sorry I just needs like cities are
my item in it I've been a terrible
vlogger today but you haven't really
miss much it's been so so hot I know in
the UK we complain when it's raining and
we complain when it's hot but it's so
hot at the moment there's like no breeze
at all but it's also been quite nice to
get some Sun anyway well so I have to
tell you rich and I have been watching
love island I've never watched it before
every year I see people tweeting about
it but I've never watched it and we
started watching it this year it's like
really bad but it's really good at the
same time like it's kind of addictive so
we're going to watch that tonight and
that's kind of all I've got to update
you on so sorry today has been a bit of
a no vlog thank you guys for watching
this vlog and I'll see you my next video
which will be on Sunday I'll see you
then guys
