good morning Oh oops good morning how's
it going everybody I'm looking today
yeah now me and a me and Lucy are going
to the rugby sevens later which should
be really fun I've never been before but
I've heard it's really really good so
we're going there yeah I'm about to go
to the gym I've just woke up idea yes I
haven't been to the gym in five days now
which some people that doesn't sound
like a long time but when you're like in
the routine of it when you don't go five
days it's like wow I feel like having
one about three weeks so I'm gonna go to
the gym I also got back from can I went
to can Film Festival Linstrom actually
which was like the coolest thing up
those the coolest things I've ever done
I went to go to amfAR which is this
amazing amazing event which is basically
raising money to help fight AIDS and
find the cure for aids babies you have
this massive auction there so they fill
the room with loads of like billionaires
I'm not billionaires and then basically
the idea is that they walk some things
off so they have 20 different things and
they auction them so a piece of art
they'll go they'll tell you about Jonah
shut up yeah they're like so we'll start
the bidding at 1 million dollars 1
million euros not dollars and then
that's the process and then all these
people in the room are like ah 1.5
million 2 million 3 and it's like mental
amounts of money being like thrown about
but it's all for really a cause which is
obviously fine auntie of AIDS I met so
many cool people so Leonardo DiCaprio is
there didn't meet him walk past him
twice I was like Karlie Kloss like what
she stood next to me and she was like we
like Pantera and the person who
introduced me ah ah he's a youtuber like
big youtuber in the UK but and then I've
got a video of it I might add it and I
might knock that might be a bit weird
and in the video she was like ah ha ha
you're more popular than me and I was
like oh thanks what do I say to the
happy I met loads of really cool people
as well and just head of your time but I
got that from can
after that and I was tired so I slept
like 10 hours and I feel good and I went
to the gym that was a really long intro
I'm really sorry I also forgot to say
hello hi I also forgot to say I finally
finally got a new camera like finally I
felt bad because the camera I had I'd
literally had for so long and it was so
battered screamers broke the lens cap
was down it's dusty the sound was funny
but hey you know what this gives this
gives me character when I vlog but then
that they bought out a new camera and I
was like you know I probably should
invest in a new vlog camera first of all
this feels weird rocking on the street
haven't blogged on the street and while
hello probably shouldn't do that again
would you guys think about this so I'm
going to LA / Vegas like a month in a
few weeks I'm going to LA for ten days
for work now you going to Vegas for a
week and then I'm going back to LA for
VidCon but I think you might go to LA
for the ten days I might daily vlog
there for the ten days on there oh wait
not eight or nine days whatever it is
what do you think about that vlogging
for the whole time I'm in LA I'm just
not really normal Marcus good luck to be
fun then and today what do you think I
do that but yes or no in the comments
that was such a good workout nice to get
back in the gym I did well it's my back
and my biceps and my shoulders if if
you're interested at all anyway now I am
about jumping shower and then head to
the rugby look who's here
I'm just I'm just zooming out waiting
for it to right so I was in the shower
while Lucy to come and then I was drying
my hair and when I've got the music
playing hair dries going I can't hear
when the doorbell rings so check my
phone and Lucy's like freaking out
because she thought I fell over in the
shower and I died of something yeah I
hadn't I was fine
yeah we were waiting for the car look
what I've got
so after the gym I went to this place
called I'm looking on the side but it
doesn't have it it's called body ISM I
think and they do like these most
incredible acai bows now I absolutely
love an acai bowl but this is just the
one so I'm gonna eat this probably go
with my protein shake and then that gets
me in the mood for the rugby yeah
protein rugby yeah so we're now in the
car on the way I haven't told you what
actually if I kind of was like oh yeah
I'm going to rugby but it's the HSBC
London sevens which I don't know much
about but it's like it's like a it's
like a twist on rug because it's
seven-a-side so usually rugby's like
more than seven rugby Tiffany right
rugby's usually 50 inside so this is
like seven aside and it's like mini
Taunton and stuff and everyone goes and
has a good time and it's just really fun
so we're going to that but there is a
new thing in this stadium called the
Samsung slider which is basically the
best seats in the house and what it is
this little like tube of seats that are
along the side of the pitch I hit like
moves I don't throw the pitch as the
ball move so it like follows the game so
rather than just sat there like the moon
you sit and you're like on earth is
moving chair for the whole game so oh
there you go look look that I mean
there's nothing moving chair I mean look
there's you can't see because it's too
bright
we're here there's the same you can see
it as a stadium yeah when we could look
at what everyone's wearing I think I've
overdressed my god Hawaiian shirts love
it
this is amazing I hope you guys can see
some of the stuff they were yeah I've
got a jumper and a coat and now I'm
definitely just gonna want my jump
hey Sonny the sun has suddenly come out
there's a lot of sailors this group of
sailor girls wearing sharks where the
Sharks are my god the Sharks look at
them whoo-hoo where is everyone getting
these shark out that way oh my god
they're an octopus I think they're many
octopuses octopi squid optically what is
he ah how did the lobster cause I want
to see their crossing the road oh my god
I'm not coming in where is he there he
is what a legend any lobster outfit mate
so they've got floats I really want to
see a spongebob squarepants I said I
wanted to see spongebob lost mate turn
early the time that's all
the boxes are we just went to the Samson
box trap i stuff
now we vote freely to week so that we've
got this straight away and I thought we
need a wee sorry
and we are out this what are there you
can't see my finger there is there's my
finger that is the Samsung slider that
is what I'm gonna be going on I'm so
excited I get to watch your whole game
on that it's gonna be amazing but you
can see the game
just like follows the ball there is a
fox it's stuck in the stadium where's it
gone like an actual fox just ran in the
stadium
oh my god it must be so scared I don't
know where it was gone how excited these
are the tickets one is to get up there
the other is to get down here but
obviously like walk back around now it's
on the floor it's the poster scene but
imagine if the Fox like amazing lobster
guy Lucy thought this person was the Fox
he's not there's more sharks secretive
entrance oh we're so close but I'm gonna
be even closer on the seat in a minute
yeah I mean you can see the pictures
literally they're the samsung spider is
there so we're going to be
20 miles an hour
so the a the will
Argentina
there
oh man
get it I'm trying take it
hello madam
we're walking towards the slider itself
I'm so excited oh here we go so this is
the track that goes oh my god they're
like full-on clues
we hope and we began we
I'm just gonna keep this hair on my face
because if it shoots
like and the pictures which here look
look hopefully some to the rent but that
is the pitch victory there AKA best
seats in the house although this is not
the end
there's a speaker right there and it's
made all of us jump
switch gamers I need 50
ha ha ha
Argentina still
I feel a bit like we are royalty
the best in a special box specialist Lee
what you reckon that is no do you think
I think it's in a bird no way oh my god
so if you have the drinks on the go that
is where you'd have them so you get four
people in this then why spread out
is super comfortable
seven minute
and then a film the kick because we're
gonna get moved oh it's gone up it's
gone up it's gone up and we're off
this topic is literate abacus have a
water legend
everyone in the crowd wild a whole group
of spongebob literally lover that was
fun oh sorry just using that one there
Lucy don't worry about me
bye Lucy bye okay so now I'm quickly I
think a total player flipping game
tomorrow I did order some food ages ago
they are way too small and I sent them
back ages ago
I just forgot to get other ones so I'm
quickly I should probably grab my
football boots before the game tomorrow
so quick guns got put boots hanging in
head home and chill the woman has found
one pair left of these there's the
limited edition ones size ten and a half
they have no laces
they're really cool so I think I might
get them right back home I just went
football got some sushi which we might
the eat now I'm starving honey and lunch
which you guys know I eat a lot of food
and today it might sound like a lot
already have my gym shake this morning
like a proper like gym shade of oats and
everything maybe a back from the gym had
a pit had another protein shake and then
I had an acai bowl don't you thought and
then I had a cookie thing like a health
cookie at the rugby which I took with me
and that's all I've had and it's now
five o'clock now for me I would have had
like a whole massive lunch while in as
well and then more snacks so I'm going
to eat that sushi before dinner later
but yeah the reason I got this it's good
tonight I'm just gonna have a chilled
shirt I'm just gonna have a chilled film
night you know and I feel like I have
I'm just chill for long I've been very
busy recently which is great I'm just
gonna chill just hang out watch films
I'm just chillin on the left top so
that's a music playlist and stuff over
to all of you I just posted a video on
Instagram which I've been doing a little
bit more recently because when I can I
went with Instagram so like Instagram
invited me and took me there which is
like unbelievably cool with them and
yeah they were talking about like
posting more videos and some that so
I've been doing a couple more videos on
Instagram what do you guys think of that
like I really like the idea of doing it
but at the same time it's like our bad
dog what a mess my femur up and all that
stuff but I don't really have a theme so
yeah I just wanted to get your thoughts
on posting Instagram videos because I
think it's a thing that's gonna grow and
more people do it so not like snapchat
how obviously you guys who follow me on
snapchat know I post like a lot on
snapchat so I don't think you'll get to
that I don't want my small on sale and
do it but just every now and again maybe
like a video a day or like every now and
again just chat and basically and Sam
what's up and showing like a minute of
doing that day as then what are your
thoughts that's what I asked you
that's how excited well I haven't
started my movie movie yet it's seven
o'clock and I haven't started it because
I'm just too interested in music right
now I'm also not sure what I'm gonna
watch I think I might watch Captain
America's because new ones out in the
cinema it's many amazing I've never seen
anybody Captain America's which is
priced so usually love superhero films
so might do that oh yes I've got my you
know cuz I have my movie night I was I
don't want to cook oh wait actually this
is the type you guys probably have seen
already
but I'm doing Celebrity MasterChef
mental I mean I say I'm doing I've
already done it it's already filmed but
it's coming out sometime soon but yeah
chorim i tell you i'm just talking about
food and I was like oh that's why it
says ah didn't want to cook tonight
because of my like chill night didn't
cook Saturday night vibe so yeah I went
for my favorite takeaway which is wrong
kitchen look how good this is so
basically jerk chicken with pineapple
watermelon it is incredible here you got
sweet potato wedges with avocado avocado
and coconut on top and then with the
chicken comes a little portion of rice
which pan out um Graham sometimes have
sometimes don't it is the bomb and I'm
gonna start with Captain America right
now that's what I'm gonna watch so here
we go gonna stop a movie night probably
wait to be judged for a while
right guys I am now in bed I have had
such chilled night also though she
always laughs about my little pony tail
now the reason I do this it's because
going to sleep with long fringe white
hairs long like really don't like it's a
little boy as you can see it all comes
literally in my mouth I can get the hair
in the mouth so having hair like trying
to sleep with hair like this in my face
does my head in and it doesn't just stay
there like that in the night so hey man
tie it up keeps how your face right
anyway I really hope you have enjoyed
today's vlog if you have give it a
thumbs up umm yeah like I said I'm doing
I'm starting to do a bit more wrong in
like every now and again so hope you
guys like that and yeah I'll see you
tomorrow with another more Marcus video
all right good night
