see there guys know we might see them
bath I may see you later thing is this
isn't even set up like they genuinely
are getting on a different flight to me
I'm on a different separate flight later
on the afternoon so already I'm out of
my comfort zone
monitor Willie I am currently in
Budapest never been here before lemons
are hungry before and we can hear right
now is a shower rings I'm not gonna
waste more bodies getting there right
now shower first and I'll tell you
exactly one here and what I'm doing here
so at the moment as you can see we are
in Budapest come on Louis get off your
phone may be enjoying the sights just
made to be travelling with no regrets a
moment you're gonna regret using your
phone I'll bat out your hand and break
it so this is a hero square in Budapest
and you've got these badass horses up
here this is go out there I know you can
see it I might assume in later on if I
can work it out he's got a giant snake
in his hand when do you ever see that
look walking around naked on a chariot
naked on a chariot just front snakes of
people it's mental here it's crazy
we've got a thing where makes it look
like you're pinching the top yeah yeah
one of those ones yeah yeah yeah wait
come back perfect nailed it
Oh bye
already expect me guys can you do a
photo op or Schmidt yeah so feels like
know me a little bit a very embarrassing
so as a fan yeah no noise you must be
really annoying
bloody yeah I knew I knew there be a day
where I spot a fun for Louie in a
different country who woulda thought it
Niko Louie the the Hungarian Hogwarts so
this is the National Park in Budapest or
welcome to it we're going to the spa now
to cleanse our bodies and cleanse our
souls
about to go for my first budapest spa
just found this this funny sign look you
got basic basically were saying is make
sure you wash your armpits a knob and
your right foot the key the key for
points of washing remember that they
never forget it just the right gear by
the left left that's fine the right foot
look at this so this is the budapest
baths whereas good what's it
so obviously the whole idea of this
block is that I'm doing things are at my
comfort zone one reasons why I bite
Lewis can't stand the kid hey being with
me so I know but I wonder I hate big
crowds of people to put this big crowd
of people in a environment with water
and swimming involved I don't remember
me chilly my moon technical hold notes
oh yeah I had to hold a stick at home to
a stick and get pulled on by a teacher
so so scared again right by the side
yeah yeah it's just that that's where I
was earlier on you can see I thing right
over there that's like a whirlpool like
a natural whirlpool
the rapids there's a race going on who's
your money on Jones pleased to make it
I'm going for red and black and red and
black isn't easy come from the back with
now it is all about endurance it's all
about endurance he's taking his time
ready see he's gay he's giving her a
cheeky Nando's in her up
just give her a cheeky God knows never
take a looksie ready alright yeah it's
good oh and the winner is the my boy he
came lost I have been actually been in
that pool yet I want to go in that pool
to pass the warmest one people come here
every day every day it's like the social
thing to do out in Budapest it's really
come justice or hang out Joe's just ask
for a fur
what this
from here
buddy
smile put it all right look out that way
yeah as you know camera elite one two
three smile
now that was wrong that was wrong look
out look out yeah
one two three now look back
right we finished up in the Ennis bar so
old wooden cabins you go in when you go
in there you post door behind you get
changed you Opie for that door but
there's no locks on them so anyone can
just sort of walk in unless is that what
those green oh my God look in Joseph's
own Louis it's a phone by my skin my
skin my skin feels different see her
Buddha first these even wave me like for
ages I saw you know in the pool thing
how do you say thank you in the left leg
I'm a what you think of my room yes all
right I'm not gonna lie
that's the comfiest bed that is a
compass bed I've stayed in I think this
whole trip also some sympathize earlier
on today one of the girls that was a me
was her in the blog earlier on she she
gave me the shot glass and I was like
wow thank you so much and she is that's
not everything joy that's not that's all
the only thing I want to give you and I
was like oh god where's this going she
got down on one knee and proposed to me
I would get engaged yeah
yes I said I'd say yes I'm engaged to I
was engaged well she hasn't even asked
my dad for my hand in marriage
yeah I don't think so anyway so all the
other way around we're not too short you
know not why but she proposed to me so I
guess she had asked from my parents
well she might have maybe yeah I'll come
with that letter and find out I think I
said yes it's spur the moment I was like
she was on one name the ring as I'm over
know everyone round watching I was like
this whoa oh I felt it I felt about my
comfort zone and after the bread I let
her keep the ring I said I will marry
you but you can keep the ring by
laughing I want to show you how it mice
is restaurantes if we're in a
hungry right now and I'll show you how a
nice and light so I look at this up of a
light show one word
vibes root okay it kind of me
okay right so flower right here is going
to teach me how to say what is it oh
damn
and yeah I got a Louis Mangere slang
extra how do i how do I say to get this
show get see the right the main news is
that okay okay oh okay
I've been told I've been sold Nancy is
going to teach me I love you in
Hungarian here we go
Oh glass heart yeah Sam s
leg seven index correctly yes notice the
back leg Hungary right body constantly
very well boy and now in the ruins I've
gone wears clothes but we're in the
ruins was simpler and simpler it's
honestly if you ever seen the film
called The Mummy market it's a very very
old American film all you haven't seen
it
Zoey if you're watching this you've seen
it it's called The Mummy market it
reminds you guys because like a boot
sale but just full of like places the
drink prove yourself in a place of the
drink is the same but I'll try my first
shot cleanser letter
malinka lenses I mean on either by an
analyst right we've stirred a stay now
come on everyone
we are we pulled over we're weather
blimmin our way we're in the middle of
nowhere look
no English signs and more Latino yeah
we're in bet the the depths of Croatia
right now we're on our way now to a
river water Fall River up no lake and a
water the lake and under this village is
a lake or a water pool where your most
beautiful places I've seen on google
images and it looks insane half my
Instagram's have the abscess to spam you
have Instagram pages the lake or
waterfall
we'll be ever kind of what come bowling
what what couple a go moly well we're
come away the ketchup the ketchup the
arch we feel the orange part over here
ah I've said I've said are we here about
fourteen hundred times in the strip
everyone hates me already
we're gonna buy some orange yeah yeah
the mango do the tank do foo the tango
hey Louis where you going wait is this
is this the is this it this is the lake
nice peel oh my god that is incredible
but imagine discovering for the first
time in Explorer so a lot of guys may
know the back in 2011 I went traveling
we've actually Louis and well you
probably do already knows when we
banging on about it back then I was a
very very shy person and I feel like
after I went traveling I really saw came
out of my shell a bit if that makes
sense I came back a different person I
went away a shy little boy came back a
slightly more confident little boy but
I'm a big believer in the fact that
going away and traveling and doing
things that are out of a comfort zone
and pushing yourself with you new things
is very very important and that's one of
the reasons I even now obviously I'm a
youtuber I get to do some unbelievable
crazy cool things which a lot you guys
know about but one thing that I still
really love doing more than anything
else that I do is traveling and seeing
new parts of the world I always hate
these kind of things because the camera
never does it justice but you need to
see your own eyes if you ever get a
chance glad you're in Croatia you need
to come check this place out that is so
blue probably Moby Dick's and now I
reckon I've heard I've heard he is
I reckon he's got yeah where else could
he live it has to be in there look at it
that is Savage dad goes right there dad
goes yeah you can see you can do one
lures not pull it yup this bloody oh
very shoe laces are undone okay laces
and okay I'm gonna feed him some bread
here we go feeding time whoo we look big
the big boy look is there was scared of
the big piece look I didn't Rika to plan
that's been a fair one it has a massive
fail look at this but I've been bloody
ribbon Dale and all the Rings play
Elrond I'm going to learn much rather
fall back side than that side so if you
couldn't tell already I'm here of
Contiki what they do is they put on
travel experiences you can travel with
no regrets like I'm doing right now
look no regrets I'm leaning over into
the hall motion does Lake no rats here
Louis
you even put your have you even put your
feet in the water that is illegal honest
I've been to a lot of really pretty
paces in my time I think this is right
up there one of the pretties that I've
been to him on the rocks before the rock
look at him oh my god
he's absolutely loving life I come
closer
you've almost got it you've almost got
it
wait high a little bit higher up on your
tiptoes now to the left
nailed it that looks sick King Kong over
there it's happened again so I thought
they've wanted to float over them a
little did he know they don't know him
we've we bumped into a cat hello what's
your name
come again I screams cat who blue cheese
Peter Burke I know our new friend go on
get in there
come on come on yeah well they're you
coming in can you see that come on we
doing you can't go in
oh come on Tony we're gonna be late for
split come on
you kept you coming or not what were you
doing fine yeah no not fine I'm leaving
you hard I'm leaving you love that cat
goodbye Tony Oh funny just go buddy
there's money me and James gonna take it
in turns to try and make Sarah laugh
yeah at first Sarah Sarah Lewis he's got
a joke for you
warbirds always out-breath out of breath
yeah a puffin fighter Sarah what's red
and BAP your teeth a brick Oh gorgeous
you must have another joke in yeah more
everybody current we're currently in
split in Croatia at the local bus depot
or depo and today we're gonna go doing
some kayaking the calm waters of Croatia
you remember the logs for ages ago guys
I once climbed up to there with Ollie
and doodle doodle hey I got this one and
so we're out in a split on these little
kayaks I've got my own one that didn't
go over the piece or somewhere and then
cruising around and now here comes these
rocks and I'm not them do it I need to
put this phone away this is actually
quite nice what was notching that bad
when you're in Bloody ell do you see
that hold on Lois I'm gonna come in
video yet Lewis look at me
this is out my comfort zone looking like
an idiot normally look a lot better this
girls so I don't need to take this image
of me when when I finally find a
girlfriend I don't want to watch this
vlog basically it's me only go on Louis
do the same thing but edit my face on so
it looks like I'm doing it
or
nice four out of ten yeah probably will
apparently crackin let any cold see it
can't do I don't mind the Indian Ocean
that's my favorite or the Mediterranean
Oh last night actually isn't where we
are now I don't know either way I need
to put this down and start paddling
again because we're running late we're
now on the bus on the way back to split
but the main part split I put a flying
fish but where the help that's a long
way to fly
bloody I'll be saying goodbye to Sarah
those noise Carol hi Carol I'm gonna
miss you in your riddles so I thought
well I said what are these people here
we go
back in the old town look at it it's an
old Roman town D know where I am a time
issue we need Dino here doodle see
Dino's going statue now Genoa Dino is
excuse me excuse me
topped off at a restaurant called pepper
right I love this the course menu look
they have every all the pictures in it a
really well taken their money like
Instagram filters in fact they're square
as well which makes me think it's very
clever
oh my word I know you should be I should
be eating like cultured food I'm doing
that one can tikis channel so go and
head on over there to watch me eat like
real Croatian food I'll leave a link at
the end of the description in the
description but this is what moment
right now I'm playing it safe I'm going
for a burger but it's absolute maze like
oh and I am back home it's been an
going to end it there I hope you enjoyed
the vlog it's a long one I feel next to
me a long one if you did enjoy it get a
big thumbs up and I will see you very
soon with another vlog thank you so much
see you later bye
