haha
first time logging in the gym Phil
weird for my literacy look on the phone
muscle steak cheese little chest way
sorry bike on Logan it's just not
possible well well how complete what a
beautiful day but I sound Australian
then Struth mine what a corker don't
align inside its rug today um I think it
is because I'm getting some Japs cuz I'm
going to Africa in a few weeks that
s√©ance happening just had to stop cause
walking bar someone I and maybe go check
out or cat cafe sounds fun right that's
me am i nervous face having jobs also
has yellow you see that you guys see
that trying to get fixed tomorrow but
yeah I don't know if I'm gonna film this
because I don't know if I'll be allowed
but yeah here we go getting some jobs do
a lot of people faint candy first one
coming up stop scratch how does he love
you possible motherfucker yeah yeah well
that one hurts a little bit more through
my arm hurt from those so it may have
some peanut injection site but this one
shouldn't hurt so this is tetanus
tetanus diphtheria and poor yo combining
it's one last for ten years haha did it
hello Oh Annie Lobert me dun dun I'm
gusted look I'm here with ah why'd you
do a weird way no no are you trying to
scare someone who say my gloves you
can't sakes its backwards they say hand
job on them I don't wanna hand job
anyone for her job you don't like that
we're going to do some planning and
stuff so cuz my jabs were in this area
we thought it might be funny to go check
out a cat cafe because there's a couple
of research we here so I don't know if
I'm gonna be able to film in here but
we're gonna go have a coffee and see
what it's like cool so that's bullshit
we're not going to the cat cafe because
yeah the first space they got its
walking for hours and I don't really fun
I mean I like cats but I don't fancy
waiting for hours from cheeky stroke
copper cat though instead we're now I'm
gonna hear pastor videos we have come to
brick lane a a hipster central I'm at
so on brick lane there's a serial cafe
which has like all these kinds of series
in the world or something like that
between here and maybe eat some cereal
we're so gonna go and see if there's a
rainbow bagel sold out I'm end of the
rainbow bagel can't see I think much
chatting shit about rainbow basil
concentrated their room where 50 feet
bring rainbow ladle are you good there
is it
rainbow babe just let it all loads of e
coloring have you been in the shop
footjob you just smell it my car is
insane so it's smelling the chopper shot
this is right up tight which one should
but frozen this is it a serial cafe this
is someone's basement bedroom hottest
friends this is amazing Power Rangers
bar not just say I'm sleeping here Oh
so you can go for a serial cocktail
which is basically a combination loads
of freaking serious ivan ivanov Rollo's
that is going to be amazing and you got
this X really good pot immerse is that
the young kinder aren't they oh my so
good oh that was up children do for the
absolutely Oh Upsy good mmm smells good
and there we go first taste how your abs
feeling well I'm over to off your nurse
Rollo's chocolate fresh readies I'll
show yes it nyancy rule never had lie in
Syria how'd you feel it's very sickly
very very I filter right yeah once the
blog I feel I feel bad for that spoonful
vote I feel bad after yeah yeah yes
those are said to Matt if I'm vlogging
with someone else doesn't matter who
that person is I would do whatever like
I don't get nervous whole blog that I
don't care or shout of do saying silly
bum on my own you will not see me doing
that at all so you guys know me talk
about my gloves all day especially
giving handjobs we hope was cool of them
is they were screened so i can give hand
jobs to people and my phone
do you feel nervous why you look very
all right now I don't do that as weird
I'm update my right arms Lilith saw from
the old tennis I
I can't reach the hand of other their
testimonies and look at that I'm in my
bed from the tube to my bed amazing I'm
going to bed now give the video a thumbs
up if you enjoyed if you want more vlogs
and Allah I'll see you soon over white
so from my lips bollocks they saw from
the cold so put some stuff on you know
it's not anything else good night
