hi guys I'm almost your height while
you're standing and I'm sitting soccer
right oh it's romantic
there's just no need for all the windows
that you possess hi guys so today I'm
doesn't have shaper because it's sad
here it's gone wrong I am gonna be
cleaning but it's not gonna put me on
blast like you know it's dead boys
really blunt so it's like the same color
as your skin so you can't see so you
caught there's no point shaping it a bit
bold basically little bit I did with us
two years mainly get bold because I'm
nervous are you nervous because your
party to 'mobile area here obviously you
can see like here here so the couple is
every perfect just for for obviously
this bit and then underneath install
alright so I got this plate that I'm
gonna be using on him
using this blade but that's to play a
music to cut him it looks like this got
it hey there we go so it looks like that
and then you get a white pencil to use
as a marker so anyone literally anyone
can use this is white ghost and I always
need to shake him up because he knows
that this is a foolproof way you can put
it on there and then use the pen to mark
it or you can just hold it there and
then you start shaving so you can leave
it there and then sort of shave up to it
I've got some as you can I don't know if
you can see the steam coming out of this
towel and I've got just put some hot
water till it's damp so it's not wet
colouring it out and I can hold it in my
arms in my hands part of me so what I'm
gonna all I'm gonna do is just take that
and Joe normally you have like a
barber's chair but you know we're not
that advanced so I would you normally
tell them to lean back and then they can
enjoy and you know relax I'm just gonna
put the hot towel on it and then relax
them and then you can kiss your client
like this the eyes are covered they
won't see you come in so you'll get away
with it and if they ask you can always
say was abused okay so now what I've got
what I'm gonna pull use as shaving cream
is some aloe vera juice
so I have a better plant at home yeah
you know to see that stringy shape I
take some so I'm just mix some organic
coconut oil with just a couple of drops
of tea tree and tea tree with antiseptic
because whatever you're shaving you do
need antiseptic
normally the stuff you buy I already
have some of that in it but they don't
is alcohol to be fair the tea tree is
naturally on successive I'm just doing
the other side man once I'm done
clearing that I just go back with my cut
buddy and I just check that everything
is in order and then just fix anything
that I may have mix say Joanie is a
shape up on his head as well so all I
would do is just follow the line and it
makes it really easy because you've got
the midline now that are created from
earlier and you just follow that up so I
just put that there and then draw the
line and then
draw this line so right away that one
ends there's a tough line there that you
just draw upwards and then there you go
you see there yeah let's just pretend
that this was like way Jose Harry so I
just followed he's here when he's here
is really fine and he's really plumb
there so you can't see at all but that
that's basically so I'm used to
comforting and it's given me that
perfect line well the reason why I like
if you do your your mighty yeah the
lines will be crisp even perfect
so and you would look it would look like
a professionally done even though you're
not professional in the yet because you
could be with this in your house I just
wanted to add also them you can use this
to shape up like the back of the beer so
if you just turn from you my love
so just to shape up that side you can
you can use the cup on it to shape that
side as well so any race obviously can
use this which is why we love it because
you know we're all about inclusive of
all races let me trim the length a
little bit but it doesn't really let me
shake so I'm very glad that in finally
turn it and obviously because of Josie
but we see on Instagram and then it was
just the contact tracing and yeah yeah
oh yeah kids coming down by buying you
see them and it just says I really want
to thank you to call out what is that
they're picking on me under the little
driving thing that you stand on you seen
my thing you highlight today well why is
it so extra sneaky its popping them when
you're gonna start doing your eyebrows
oh I know that is they're the kind of
look you ain't about look you see is
that what gets you going
I don't even I might try it definitely
put too much I'll act on today
we're just going to my auntie's house to
basically eat and then go home it's
pretty simple I mean you start cooking
we think is right we didn't get back in
like two seconds
I got a seat I got a snow I didn't
why do you know you see the picture
so me and Joe have been like vegan for a
few days today so yeah we're trying hi -
hi YouTube come on Feb everyone starts
right don't hang out with me not to say
hi YouTube
I'm gonna say hi hmm hmm I come in all
right Mike of use are you looking at my
you're fragra yes
how she's like to plan to to her head as
soon as I be excited it's beautiful we
were just saying she was just saying
that she loves what are you tired of
like the reason why I said it was very
nice doesn't smell like just just in
case you're wondering
so Joe Pesci between the white person as
is he has them cleaned up being a child
come here
it's not recording how unfortunate
what so just it's open on Instagram
nothing would be actually quite fun
let's try stereo virus in the surah
ahzab anima Travis divider and obviously
when you know some form of entertaining
sugar is gonna go down
I believe the camera with me anyway so
I've got what the Cody basically the
partner has to travel around the
partner's body without fit in the floor
god knows what they call it this is a
little cook was challenged however I'm
gonna call it a spider-man challenge
basically no someone will put a collar
on and then let's see what happens hey
Dad yeah come try this thing with me no
I really think you should come try with
a strong are you always in a hostile are
you how does somebody think you are so
basically to do yeah yes I mean tiptoes
is I'm gonna stand you I didn't wake up
like this so I'm gonna stand you can
have your microscope distorted okay what
do you want
you were just standing there anyway back
to the matter at hand
I'm gonna send you either in a squat or
whatever and you're gonna have to travel
around my body without touching the
floor you can do it and we could try it
and also there's another one where I go
into a stiff arm plank and you have
trouble on my body without touching the
floor do you think you can do it I can
try that trying is drying time you try
oh you're gonna say Chinese or tomato
sauce that you know like I was gonna try
in oh you trying to make up some yeah
yeah alright let's do this ice skating
just how you normally clean what I'm
going out
yeah I just wanted 20 keys
one out - I'm happy with that one is
very good and as you can see I just
breathe it breathing like a mad person
heavy such a great workout gym try it
she played me like someone like some
Ultima runaway
No
