hi everyone welcome to a new week when I
say welcome to a new week I'm kind of
annoyed right now so it's now almost a
Tuesday Lucy and I have been weekly
volume since Sunday we went to the ship
with Beth and Jess and then we saw who
we see they saw Joe and we saw Josh as
well and have really nice evening vlogs
Elizabeth back logs yesterday put the
clips on to the computer and I'm not
sure if I'm the ISO or something was
changed on it or it was another very
setting but all the clips are grainy
like pixelated grainy today we have Meg
coming over which will be really nice
we're gonna saw some back-to-school
videos and she'll be here in a minute
I have just been finishing the video
that we formed roopinder which will be
on our channel now so what I'll do is
I'll leave it down below we do like a
playlist video where we basically talk
about all our favorite tunes and it's
more of like an R&B and hip hop playing
this so that's a really good video and
it's so much fun to film with rependa I
just wanted to quickly say thank you to
everyone always leaves such lovely
comments on our videos I also love it
when you guys comment things like oh I
love the color correction or you say
things like you really like our editing
style things like that makes me very
very happy so thank you so while I reply
to comments I'm actually going to listen
to Elizabeth Gavin because my Gavin
playlist is the best thing ever
have anything else top that you are boy
we're going to the theater with Perry
the see Dreamgirls absolutely buzzing
then I think of the week ever going to
be festival so that would be really fun
as well another thing I need to update
Tanya burr on my cheeks love that
blusher I'm wearing Maybelline highlight
Maybelline lipstick am i wearing on my
brows oh I'm wearing benefit on my brows
today so it now a lot lighter in the
afternoon it's now oh my gosh at 6
o'clock so we have just finished full
movie and one more beauty yeah and the
second one mr. Sok sitting there having
a little chitchat
yeah we film like a really fun chappie
QA over makes channel and basically we
were just talking about like school
memory yeah it was such a great bag it's
so dice and you Lucy little a college
man we may have cuz Lucy and Meg we've
probably said this million before in
every single video but we're now going
to go through some foods we're gonna
take you guys with us song thing we're
gonna go to the ivy
you can feel I know I've never been so
excited about my favorite place
if we can get in if not it'll be blue
but it's not we'll find someone
just something to do but because we
couldn't get into the I've a beautiful
evening strange else be a restaurant
honey now finally in restaurant we
actually made into Bluebird is Chelsea
with us until I say we just ordered than
the cocktail and a drink
we are now into swimming pool swim
because every civil day whatever the
weather whatever the time of day it will
make time for a swim so we have 75
during the night so wish us luck
welcome frequent swim hi guys welcome to
Wednesday so this morning I've just been
doing a list of work today we have a few
meetings so we probably won't be able to
film too much today and then we're going
through the theater tonight see June
girls of Perry which I'm so excited for
this so that should be our third time
seeing it but again won't be able to
film too much of that either because you
know I have to take cameras so today
might be a bit random it might be a
little bit short but we'll try and make
it interesting for me all right I need
to get the camera out a little bit more
sometimes I feel like I'm I just forget
like I'm in the moment and I forget and
then after I'm like I haven't filmed
anything oh this song all these bees
coming music
Lucy and I can't actually live music I'm
looking very brunette but actually
yesterday I wasn't liking it and now I
actually quite like it I don't exchange
it mother thinks I should go back purple
but then I do like being blond but then
we have yeah this is the other P so I do
like looking twinning
even though hair is such big thing and
the inflate is only hair so purple for
me lasted three weeks but how cool was
it to have perhaps I just feel like do I
try a different color I do want it cut
because it's just so long the moment I
feel like I can't curl it properly I'm
just gonna finish a description box
because I do the description box is if
you like my discussion boxes that we
know I want easily take me hours
especially like if we do to get the look
video for people I link everything so
I'm not the queen of description boxes
so please if you do like description
boxes please read them sometimes I think
what am i doing spending hours builded
is good boss but it's really really
helpful I find especially when you watch
a video and you want to know where
something's from and someone doesn't
think it's honestly the most annoying
thing so I feel like description boxes
aren't very important so I'm gonna do
that now
and then we're going to go for lunch
haha it's very likely right like I know
it's like if you're in LA it's very ni
with like high shoes
yes very la like kind of yeah but it's
not top 200 if I'm like those Topshop
brands yeah it's also really nice with
like high-waisted bikini bottoms
yeah on a holiday good idea
these jeans are to move these jeans that
are super high waisted from ASOS I felt
like these earrings are from maybe
Topshop yeah they're old I feel like I
need to go into top children by like low
yeah get some new jewelry that's like
huge moment without attention yeah is my
tank size 12s so we just had our meeting
at your lunch region it's lovely who
have Thai food in Wimbledon it was so
nice I'm so full we are in through later
Perry those but and we're gonna have to
have something small
Lucia claret she still can't use through
brash believing lungs of the tea is if
I'm not with her so I'm with you you
can't get an uber
I mean I'll have to learn how do you our
laziness no I did eight minute just be
not in spectra London right now
I'm really excited to later I can't wait
I love to you guys but also this is the
first time I'm Brian yeah nothing here
at the moment I'm not really light now
it's actually seven o'clock so we have
had such busy day we haven't actually
had the chance to vlog much but as you
saw we saw em earlier because we're
having Victoria and Alec Brown and M and
mater also coming round and Carly and
Leo woman come round as well but they
can't so hopefully we see you very soon
I feel watching this we're gonna have
them around tonight for a chilled
evening catch-up drinks food and also we
have something very special coming
basically all of this page on Instagram
called please cakes so please as in
cheese because they are cheese cakes and
they're actually means to live it in a
minute so I'm gonna show you what they
look like honestly you need to follow
that Instagram that they do the most
amazing cheese cakes and I love
cheesecake so I thought it'd be really
nice to have some cheese cakes here
tonight so they're gonna be delivered
food kind of like a recap from the last
couple of days we'd have really excited
meeting yesterday which are gonna be one
of those people I can't tell you about
it but it was very exciting Dave Ruel
actually saw well you didn't see because
we couldn't film it but we saw dream
girls and aren't expecting of course
very good thing
but he was absolutely incredible like
higher than my expectation incredible we
got some really exciting deliveries
today
so the first really exciting delivery we
got was this little thing and this one
is the Wonder boom it's the waterproof
speaker so this is going to be really
handy because mainly to love swimming at
the moment and most of the time we're in
the swimming pool on our own and the
lovely people are ultimately is thank
you to us so thank you so so much
very fighters private and very excited
to play our tunes while swimming other
exciting slippery was something that I
ordered which I need to show you I have
an ad
yes it's kind of gonna be a little
unboxing openness thing that we have is
the Minnie Mouse cake tin I basically
got this because I thought it might make
me want to make a cake I mean it
probably won't but I'm thinking if my
mom comes to say she's really good at
making cake and then it could be a
Minnie Mouse cave I just think it'd be
really nice I saw online and I thought
hmm and then the next thing I got was a
Walt Disney Studios little notepad I
thought this would be really nice to put
on our desk because I love writing notes
the last things they got was the most
exciting thing and actually the thing I
went online together saw these in
Florida
last year when we went on holiday in
September really want to them by fall
not really the best thing to take home
on a plane so I found them online so I
then I was also a food it's a cake they
do we want to be plates and we're I mean
occasionally but Christmas plates
yeah like peena-pod I might you would be
after than the dishwasher no not lately
anything some toast on the nest I was
very playfully don't let me show you
guys really exciting delivery after Lucy
shown you there what exciting two living
room oh I don't think we should show you
that yeah okay oh god I nearly gave
mercy
say that I feel like it'll be more
exciting when you then kind now do you
want to see a kitchen towards a kitchen
tour kitchen lounge sort it's like yeah
I have to stop myself so basically they
do own bowls as well right bowls and a
white side plate thinking because it is
a very expensive thing but thinking
because they do these all the time maybe
let's just treat ourselves to like maybe
like two bowls one month yeah
don't have to buy or what I did I like
the champagne glasses everything the
glasses about - oh maybe our guests as
well and they're like cute in the beasts
things I think people would probably
think that these pieces are really now
and they will probably fight over these
of weird without when we leave each
other here what happens oh yeah me cuz I
paid for them I went on the set by them
so that you're a my new music plays what
tunes we love it mix mix and see if it's
en prie I listen to the song a couple of
days ago the CMC Oh
on their own and I love it but new for
me I love either wash it is so good it
has to get some new tops necesito and I
know I shouldn't say that but it yeah it
does
like I thought I would just feature it
took me a lie it didn't tiny words
getting to it I hadn't even got to be
end of the song and I was like yes love
it
I'm fine oh my god I wish me vlogs
because it was hilarious so it was like
comedy gold that would it make
I always buy that what we do what we
shouldn't do is we always because in the
moment in the moment
Instagram stories where you should think
no no get your camera out because
there's a lot of those pics now the base
me my phone was broken so I without
favor though thank you guys the
Instagram stories of my Instagram leave
it was just have an unlisted panic like
it was stressful you know it's me the
most pictures and these are pictures and
my what's up conversations you guys
probably relate this but like especially
what what's like conversations they're
like memories and like especially when
you have like certain areas certain
people or like group chat when they're
gone
we reap winning and it brown now yeah if
you're in London and can get mad tunnels
on uber eat just order B yeah oh the ice
cream sundaes and put them in your
freezer
get them happy outside and then we'll be
because we have a strawberry one
sometimes but all the saws kind of mixes
in with the ice cream and it's honestly
like eating a sorbet it's like I really
want to be in a Disney Channel original
movie it's not like your ultimate dream
I think so I would like to just be like
just an extra I'd love to being like a
dancer in the background yeah well I
have like a small speaking part I one
line one line possibilities are endless
we could be like it's a fear Carson or
does Cameron hey cuz they've got talent
I just love basically we love Disney
descendants and three dumas sidekicks
well you know it's funny things maybe
they're animals
oh this is a good idea uma on over then
I love to feel confident of then that's
why did you get stuck with them because
you'd be like any famous phase we should
be on you know but what you call it and
it's a chat corner the chat corner oh no
I think we need to think I think of a
really good name how excited see those
please cakes on Instagram so if you love
cheesecake video it's for later I know
mm and then is what we've got here
well like that one is probably the same
as strawberry we've got a Ferrero Rocher
one this one I'm Oreo and those funny
caramel oh that looks lovely as well
thank you so much thank you you know you
know very well you will know it from a
very young age I've always been like
dessert people we've been very much into
our desserts I feel like it's because
I'm a mom that makes amazing desserts
actually ordering a pizzahut right now
mazing M looks in this jumpsuit so nice
today is very on our way to see Perry
and we're going to be very very excited
I love the festival I think it is all
depends on the lineup doesn't it I was
gonna say it's my favorite festival but
I think last year it was my favorite
festival and we're staying over as well
I've actually this is the first time
actually I'll be glad they gonna be cold
tonight though I thought my kids got
pretty never go to child's first and
Chancellor holds such a special place in
my heart because RIT Highlands park was
where we used to go when we were younger
all the time my mom used to live in
rittle so if you know Chelmsford or
Essex really well rittle is basically
right next to Highland Park and I know
your granddad used to have a house in
rittle and that's where my mom grew up
and it's literally you can walk from my
nanny's house to - Park now made it to
be and we are now trying to find and
it's all tents that we're staying in
honestly like this glamping is unreal
I just amazing I don't know if I showed
you guys here but this is my Felix today
1 and we went before these like Jules
actually from gypsy shrine so I thank
you for watching safety today
got my famous sunglasses on and we're
going to do food bird food first and
then
so fragile oh my gosh
pink was amazing oh my gosh pink was
unreal David he was amazing how good are
ten days it's amazing so good
