hey everyone welcome to a vlog I know a
vlog on my main channel what is going on
but just bear with me we're gonna try
this so I've had a very kind of manic
day I've been unpacking and repacking
and all things in between because I got
back from London yesterday I'm off to
Liverpool tomorrow no tonight and in the
process of all that I got the keys to my
new place this morning
I'm so excited and all I want to do is
start unpacking so I've kind of ditched
all the important stuff and decided that
we're gonna go and unpack my kitchen
just because
yeah I'm behind me I love my packaged
Liverpool and game fusion pestis open
door which is gonna be so much fun and
yeah I just think this is just like I
haven't started packing by the way like
you haven't missed any moving vlogs I
have not packed so all the things I have
packed to take kind of today are things
that I had still packed away from when I
lived in my old place so like where I
live my parents I didn't need to kind of
unpack any of my kitchen stuff so yeah
it's also packed away and we kind of go
also this looks a bit different my vlog
camera is actually away at the minute
it's in repair because I actually
dropped it and the screen smashed and as
it's a touch screen camera you touch to
focus and it was just focusing all over
the place because it's all I was
touching it all and so yeah Canon bless
them are being amazing and fixing my
camera it literally broke three weeks
after it got back from being fixed the
first time which that wasn't my fault
that time that one wasn't me so we've
like on different camera we're gonna see
how this goes but yeah I guess you
should finish packing and then get to my
place and take the stuff there's still
searching the loft so it's gonna be a
bit of a task to get it down but we'll
make it work so this is what my suitcase
is looking like I don't really know how
to go to a festival so yeah we're gonna
just have to bear with and try I think
I'm wearing wellies so that'll be fun I
don't really want to put the camera down
feeling strong I've so much stuff up
here you're not even ready so this is
all my stuff all along here
all along that I love my mud fly stuff
oh oh
the closer I made on my wall when I was
younger
oh my friends okay no actually don't own
a TV yeah I know I put everything into
like cute little like mason jars and
stuff when I lived in the other place
but you've kept it yeah cuz I don't want
to throw it away
I've got like rice slowly fill the jars
as rice so some mom I oh yeah there's a
cake stand all this development
McDonald's hat for when I might do my
dogs for the day oh my gosh this is so
cute
yeah it's sorry yeah okay to gotten up
for Christmas that's long enough
oh look more ha yep we just somehow need
to get most of this it's downstairs
I don't think this is mine it might be
mine I don't remember if you want Texan
grab my phone and texted yeah we're
calling for reinforcements cuz we're too
weak
um we're trying to do you think you can
imagine switch I passed some bits down
out of it first okay we have salt and
pepper Himalayan pink rock salt oh well
here's the pepper every day just goes
sweet
Mandarin segment I wasn't gonna waste it
you know I'm not a wasteful person no no
no thank you
icing sugar as you can tell I love to
bake I'm sweet corn and flour and icing
sugar cupcake cases bicarbonate soda
golden Sarah
Thank You um no I don't actually know
where the rest of my kitchen stuff is I
have a feeling it might be in my
grandma's house yeah I don't know yeah I
don't know where it is that's what my
tack I know that's my tack in here my
tech stuff camera naturally I don't
actually have anything in there really
it's more just like I use all my
problems and this is not looking for my
grandparents house too easy to go psyche
Sainsbury's or something you get loads
of cleaning stuff because we need
compost have wet and clean cupboard town
so where do we go first
so we'll go Sainsbury's and then we'll
grab just like the cheap it's clean and
stuff they have
constant go out stuff oh yeah yeah yeah
we'll go after and then all headlong to
my grandparents house grab the rest of
my kitchen bit they've got the exciting
kitchen bits like the marks and the pans
oh I bought some pans oh they're under
my bed oh yes in the land oh well
and yes so once you grab them then we
can get cleaning and unpacking and we
actually only have three hours to our
cars picking us up to go to Liverpool so
I mean we won't do loads but we can have
a bit of fun and then you can come to
Liverpool with us because why no I
actually have no clue where we're
staying or anything as you don't know
anything but we're just just going with
it so it's one of them days
where are we my grandparents house and
we just grab some bit go ahead the box
is in the box
it's all getting stuff because basically
it's getting paint in it and I'm not
supposed to bring anything here look
like we're getting away when we paint it
so all this stuff can go it covers first
things like clean the coverslip
and they're not dirty to be fair I think
it's almost some really cleaner yeah but
I'm just I don't want to put things in
it and it'll be - I'll even just like a
little white no no why yeah a little bit
this is that this is just common area to
a good oil I can do it right now
let's do it
we admonition we were halfway through
putting the boxes in actually no I think
we got all the way through I don't
actually know but the battery dr.
Katherine he wouldn't turn back on so we
had to drive all the way back to mom and
dad's to get a new battery and the
charger because I need to charge these
up for going to Liverpool tonight
so yeah that's we had to make an extra
journey but it's fine cuz it took us
like an hour no jakey didn't take it out
over it really well on the way back
we're on the way back
it's busy this was really annoying
drivers in the heart today like gal the
fast I know that I'm ever in the first
name sickness meeting
so this is the pile of stuff we have to
get rid of I found this River Island but
I have more stuff in it's got a bunch of
random stuff it's actually full of
kitchen stuff too so so I bought these a
wild and they are beautiful yeah for the
Disney was very good right the Disney
Store and I'm but they're only available
a certain time not got a real chip in it
yeah houses chip that's my chair well I
see the chip do you see the chip Pole
yes well no do you see the chip
I see the big up that would be a real
trip no let's check that isn't it little
bit was mr. primont once the same size
um they're in here somewhere I just
don't know where this matter we will do
a comparison which there would be very
little bottom but now let's come right
back out cuz we need washing
cuz the dirty enjoyed meets that madman
anyway in here we have kind of Kilmer
jars or things like that all the flour
and sugar and stuff I don't even know
where this most of God
so baking is going in there then what
but what's going in me but what's going
in the pantry cupboard
yeah like maybe this covered or you can
use it without pasta do they open
together no I need a little cottage for
my breakfast there's not only much so
much pink stuff program look at all the
protests off look pink pink pink this is
where the good stuff is happening you
wait until you see all of this unbox you
are going to be flabbergasted aren't ly
gonna be flabbergasted
you're gonna scream you're gonna scream
look at the program oof and I have three
pots of chesco everyday sweet corn now I
don't know about you but I think some
people
my mistake the fact that I like ping no
I don't know
no I just think they might assume not
even making assumptions but I don't even
think I've kind of led them to think
like that this is my Lucretia collection
all that collected since I was probably
bout 15 there's some Starbucks bits in
here some made some cash balls but yeah
these are my pride and joy that I've
collected over about five years and then
these are my mugs
there is one of me but let's count how
many months I have okay one two three
four five six seven eight nine ten
I forgot right 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 10 11 12
13 14 15 over here
16 17 18 19 20 21 three two three four
five six twenty seven twenty eight
twenty eight months we need two more
yeah so I also need them all I have this
many friends they're the biggest mafia
these are the last things in the world
that we needed from our staff but
they're pink and glittery and iridescent
and blue and the little scours so what
color you can even hate if he's doing
the washing-up whilst i put away and
salt and weren't you doing where you
wanted made a lot of progress yeah
pretty much for the kitchen stuff it's
going really well
that one is washing that so it's been a
few minutes a few minutes broke about an
hour and we've just been hard at it
we've ordered Nando's to go and pick up
and I'm just going to quickly show you
the progress before we head and get our
Nando's
starting here we've got just wine kind
of bits and bobs food bits and bobs not
really much in here to be honest I'm
thinking cereals down the bottom and
then just you know whatever goes where
and here this is just a bits and bobs
drawer at the minute not much to show
here is some of my kitchen kind of
cooking baking stuff like the crew say
things and then down the bottom here we
have my main look who say four with all
my bits and bobs in obviously this is
gonna be like better organized but yeah
this is where X going for now and then
moving around just some bits it's doing
your kind of tidying away there's
nothing in these really except for my
cleaning things that we bought earlier
up here is some marks so I'm actually
getting another shelf put in so I can
use the space better my teapots and then
this time we have more mugs and then my
tumblers at the top but again the Shelf
of all the way along here I'm gonna get
like glasses at the top I think this one
has a pot of tea in this is the dream 20
from retard and moving over we've got
just like spices and bits and bobs
things I don't need was cooking sauces
and then these are my baking cupboards I
love to bake if you didn't know so these
were my bits and bobs I've unpacked this
is full of like like shape
outs got my cookbooks just a few of them
or a couple of them actually anyway the
rest are my KitchenAid and then that's
pretty much everything I thought I found
my daddy's in a box which you know you
think I found them because we're going
to a festival so guys we are back we
have dinner and today I'm about to close
my case up and we are gonna head to
Liverpool so I will see you and another
moving vlog very very soon return she
tomorrow maybe don't know see you soon
bye
