hey everyone welcome back to another
vlog I am in Provence in France at the
actually wake up at 5:00 a.m. this
morning to go on a hot-air balloon
to see all the lavender fields and it
was too windy so I went down to
reception them like I'm so sorry but we
can't do it and I was like okay fine
go back to bed no worries and so I'm
back again now and up ready and we're
going to go and explore the lavender
fields but first of all need some
breakfast
just funny
you can actually see some lavender
fields down there at the bottom don't
worry we're going to see lots more today
I hope and then through here we have
each bedroom now I did say in here last
night why it's probably no in here as
tidy as it would normally be and but
look at sparse it's amazing like that is
basically a jacuzzi right I actually
haven't had a chance to go in there
lot more of the L'Occitane products but
I have already packed them it's like bag
to take home I have left out one product
oh but I'm going to show you out here so
out here we have another little balcony
area which is very very gorgeous I think
I share it with other people but yeah
so I'm actually heading back to London
tonight so today is going to be a very
busy day and got the lavender field some
are going to come back use of spa
facilities I've got a 90 minute massage
that I'm so excited about and then I've
got to catch a plane home and because
I've got Wimbledon
seeing my outfit quickly so my dress is
by a band called Templi London and my
sandals are by next and my two necklaces
here are by soma
is breakfast doesn't this just look
amazing
as well oh and a nectarine you're about
to get into this Citroen to go to the
lavender field how cool is this
we are now facing taken by inside view
this is just an absolute dream look at
this car and there's a really cute
little chapel up there
stunning now we've got the drone so
let's see what kind of footage we can
get it sounds like some kind of huge
Killer Bee when it first came out I was
like what the hell is that
so we've now driven out to the
countryside even deeper into the
countryside to a lady called Joyce this
house and private house and it's
stunning
cyborg
so so traditional I want to live here
and then through here outside we have
the courtyard and we are going to have a
couple of drinks and fried with olive
oil some on earth and then over here is
where we're going to be having lunch so
picture a look at the band I mean that's
an Instagram photo right there
no so lunch is life this is a
deconstructed ratatouille and I think
mostly better we're actually grown here
as a man it's amazing and then I go to
put aside very shaky and after we leave
as possible
look at these crepes beaten crap I've
never have even cracked and this is an
ice cream more like a sorbet made of
baby
and then remember teachers because I
have no idea that tie knots actually
come from the inside here or just ripped
on but this you find like right deep in
here so you can find one there we go
there's no none I've also never seen it
chickpeas growing before they have a
whole field of chickpeas here and inside
here you open them out I'll show you if
you look at this done something that's a
tricky did you go and see what am I just
really stupid
we're not obviously knew that they grew
and field but I've just never seen them
like this before mm little pod amazing
so we're back at the hotel now and we're
going straight in for star treatment
this is a defining premium I had in my
room I knew from last night are you
getting this punching and then a serum
which is going to the Sun and it was
very so good time to say goodbye to the
gorgeous hotel I'm so sad that I'm
leaving but have been the best 24 hours
in Provence so I'm back home now I am so
tired like literally struggling to keep
my eyes open I think it's obviously
because I wake up at 5:00 so yeah that
probably explains it doesn't it and
today it's just been amazing I can't
believe how much I've done 24 hours in
Provence who knew how much you could do
so so beautiful they're absolutely fed
enough of it and I'm just so desperate
to go back especially to that
chateau that we went to for lunch copy
that was for lunch today
that seems like days ago and I really
want to go to parently it's also a hotel
and the lady joy that lives there she
holds all these cooking costs and stuff
so I think that I'd be so lovely to just
go like spend five days there totally
relaxing eating amazing food and so yeah
I'm going to look into that but I really
hope you've enjoyed watching this vlog
and maybe you've got no Provence a
little bit from my few hours there but
yeah thank you for watching guys and
I'll see you very soon bye
you
