good morning prepare to be amazed it is
four minutes past 9:00 on Monday morning
I'm up dressed
I've got makeup on but I'm not like I
feel like I'm good for the day this is
all this is all we're doing today some
mascara a foundation and I've also heard
on the school run and gone to Tesco and
got some bits sorted for the day and now
I'm going to sit in my soft office
aka my bed and get writing wild like
well not wild like me I've already
written that one but the next is
seulement of wild like me
I think ed eating and I'm just half like
I'm gonna have like a power work day
whilst arses at school and I don't have
any appointments or meetings they I
don't think so
between now and like 3 p.m. I'm gonna
work work work work work
as they say I'm so excited and I just
can't hide it Shh I'm about to lose
control then I think I can write if
you're new I don't think actually many
comment below if you're new like I'm by
new I mean did you find this channel and
start watching these weekly videos in
the last like two months this summer and
so most of you are like a rolling
audience that come back each week hi
hello no Sudan you will know that I
wrote this book last year which is wild
like me it's a fiction it's about this
girl here called Robin and her daughter
Lila and it's a lot about how she starts
off feeling very lost and very depressed
and very very confused in life and the
story is the story of how she pulls
herself out of that and what who she
meets along the way that helps to do it
blah blah blah as you well know I am now
writing at the sequel to this what
happens next and I just found out that
it's available to pre-order already
which seems crazy but so many of you
have been talking about it and this had
like rave reviews at times I'm alone but
soul that I think the publishers just
thought okay if you want to like get
that pre-ordered and get that like stuck
into your Diaries and have yours
guaranteed because obviously it's not
limited edition but they only put a
limited amount of copies and what's a
sellout then got wait longer
to do more if they do more so if you do
want to secure yours it's currently
called Robin wild book to title to be
revealed I'm gonna link it below for you
still like banding it back and forth but
yeah like it's all becoming real again
and like although I've been sat here
writing for a few weeks like now like
everything is kicking off again anyway
I'm going to do a Facebook live show now
talking about this but I will link it
below for you guys as well if you want
to secure it now than you can and also
my battery is flashing
but I'll miss everything we wanted to
ticked off my list before I went to get
Darcy the other thing I haven't done is
an in writing today but I can do that
when she's in bed because Liam's working
late tonight Darcy has made the bed for
me nice pillow formation brilliant thank
you let me show you a short time I've
got that okay so this is them how does
he hangs who's so helpful very nice
thank you
okay hey see me excited I back fingers
not fingers today so you're hanging some
leggings for me there thank you okay
perfect that's how I like them yeah I
think you'd be really really good at it
yeah yeah filming it hasn't got a feel
my bicep film then you can start using
it how about that
okay probably cut it here unless
something incredibly exciting happens
this is gonna be my evening make dosas
dinner beat with a sit with her while
she has I don't know put her to bed oh
no it need hair wash tonight yeah need a
hair wash likes just for me today I'm
pretty bad doula bit of writing run a
nice bath put in a lush bath bomb pop
something on my laptop not sure what you
watch on Netflix about is they're
watching the confession of tapes on
Netflix so good um yeah and then lean
we'll be back and we'll have anything
and it'll be really nice see you
tomorrow
good morning it is 29 past 7 and I am up
and showered and hair and makeup and
yada yada I'm gonna go down to breakfast
toodles Breakfast Club and oh let's
leave it that was really freaky you
scared the absolute living shit out of
me but to be continued
Oh a bit bright a bit bright where can I
go where it's less right does anyone
else have a problem getting their
children to drink if does it go a whole
day without drinking anything she just
wouldn't have to like constantly
encouraging just you know we had a bit
of a battle didn't weigh over having
half a glass of water can sum if you're
a mum or a big sister or something of
this ilk could you sneak me below
because it's just like a six-year battle
there's a simple thing isn't it beeps
trying to do some editing because I know
I don't want to do it it - no one you
just drove me why would it focus on you
well when you just drove me he stripped
me forget him big look at his paws Oh so
get off you know get off my paws brace
yourself
it's nail appointment day and last time
I had my nails done I forgot to film
Chloe and Oscar how earning his
resolution she's going and someone
commented saying how day have your nails
that are not let us know so if he were
the one that commented that and there
was only one of you so you don't hurts
you and this next segment is especially
for you don't want later
I'm let's see how she's getting on oh
there she is she's excited how are you
getting on I didn't do it last time so I
was really upset
I was yeah yeah fine but you've been
away so how does that work from the
other way we'll just make it on the
holiday yeah
the maid does it no okay fine Zoey the
bed does get made oh yeah but I don't
it's a holiday don't work too hard on a
holiday
yes oh my god that was satisfying
so Travis been using a new face good if
you have gel nails this has been very
exciting Hugh coming off here's your new
base coat in literally the gel just is
the most exciting we don't happen to be
all day and not even joking not the news
oh my god I just have to hurt you what
basic ideas think of London other brands
are very much fun oh no my it starts me
we're at the subtle one thanks mommy
I just made him a present
my lovely present
okay I'll show you
thanks gorgeous hair is done and since
we're on such a field trip to the have a
nice restaurant come with me wish does
him to help me look shakes uh stuff like
that the bin then Oh them so we're gonna
pop in that for a little mummy and Darcy
milkshakes and washes but for me and
bedtime
I just had such a terrify a laughing but
really I want to connoisseur so I was
driving on the so I have to get actual
carriage way home from town and it can
you see it doodles yeah and I was
driving and I heard a bang I've got
puppy bang weird sounds like what and
then my car started making its like rule
sound and I was nearly hurt him so I put
my hands on a star everybody slowly but
as I got into where near where I live
the car was like chugging and I had to
have a hassle and I ma'am if it had been
any longer I wouldn't have got home but
let me show you what's happened so
clearly my tire has just broken like how
has that happened I don't understand
what's happened but that was really
really frightening I didn't like that at
all so it's about eight or nine ish now
I put to bed obviously just going into
my to get a candle let me just show you
my candles - then I'll tell you what was
actually gonna talk about let's
appreciate the lamp of glory shall we oh
my god so beautiful and then in here I
have stored all of my candles all of my
candles I specifically want this one
the maple praline praline so weirdly I'm
feeling more shook up now about the car
things than I did like when it happened
I think when it happened I was just like
just get the car home or get yourself
home fortunately it happened on a jewel
carriageway that was at the turnoff for
my house and my house is right next to
that so I in the back of my mind it's
like I'm so close to even if I broke
down like physically right here where
these happen like where's a bang happen
then so my comedy bang what lights
lighting this is I look so delicious and
the car made a bang I was like what was
that noise that I've run over a balloon
what's that and it was just a bit like
what and I knew that even who had
stopped that we could have walked home
because we were so close and I did feel
a bit panicked is my door locked yes it
is felt really panicked especially
because I had Darcy in the car and like
the other baby technically in the car
with in the belly I'm carrying up my
laptop my blanket he's saying yes I'm 32
I'll have it snugly my phone in a giant
candle and those kittens running around
my feet um I'm really waffling now I
think I'm in like sense of weird shock
but I didn't like it I feel really shook
up what do you think rocket rocky these
are your little brothers man I know you
don't like them I know
I know don't don't look that role but
leave him be no I was trying to be
friends with you baby musician old grump
he was trying to be friends with you
silly boy anyway what God or something
taking me so long to think if I say no
about death because I ordered to hold
back I'm gonna try those on might do a
little hold a little something today
yeah I'm feeling really shook up it's
what it's the gist of what we're trying
to say for the last how long feel like
unsettled and like all that's sinking in
so I'm going to spend some time in my
dressing room hope the caps that kill
each other try on some bits and get
packed for tomorrow which is gonna be an
exciting day it is all Wednesday and I
am off to London today
well actually I'm off to Surrey today
because just packing myself a little bag
because I am doing something for hello
well which one's pretty bloody excited
about we're doing like a bit of filming
for something that's going to go on the
main stage on the day on the days of the
performance if you don't have tickets
for hello world yet it's heavy look then
I will link them below for you because
you should definitely get some and I'm
running reasonably on time for
everything so far so good double jinx it
there because you know how travel can be
I'm gonna miss these little crazies yeah
that's my car keys yeah that's my car
keys thank you oh yeah came with the car
keys we can't drive the bloody car yeah
we can trade goodie car oh oh hey Lee
big boy are you coming up come on then
if you come up though there's the
kitchens are here oh god okay he's off
he's scared of you don't follow him
leave them a lot my god I'm getting so
treats for me in the gang and the
Christmas magazine and I was just
looking at the book then I saw a best
friend on national TV I'm rich
so hungry for food events and smoke
events
like actual matrons never tears
I have to get my car down to my shoes
like
update I was having a cheeky little
poached egg at Leon which is like on the
balcony area of Houston which is just
they're having a great little yeah and
then a siren alarm thing went off in a
tunnel saying the one that evacuated
and then when I came out there looking
like these cars with their sirens -
death so I'm outside now no one seems to
be at all panicked by this I obviously
with a hill ago and no one got up
straightaway as soon as they heard him
and I said there was a recreation I was
like straight up was like not waiting
around not getting crushed by the doors
and also no I can't carry all my bags
and another said I may have overreacted
to that but you hear so much stuff don't
you about all the horrible stuff that
goes on that I just that's the first
place my mind went
so yes I'm standing just outside now
waiting for my Addison knees take me to
the shoot location I'm completely fine
and I think everyone seems to be fine
waterfall over this helicopter has been
circling
a few minutes I'm here with the Gang and
Casper wants a little there you go
where's the babysitting I can feel the
body
how's that for you can you can you upset
the baby by touching it really like
that's pretty hard hang on hang on wait
wait wait you're so impatient go there
you feel that what is that I don't know
no idea how am I supposed to know
it might be Journal it okay and I yeah
doesn't really there yeah it's a girl
yeah baby
well you feel that yeah well I just need
to get will be second or 30 look at that
that's a meal isn't pretty really diving
on them
you touch it okay don't don't actually
don't don't what you got there it's a
lot of smack yeah I love it but it
smashed a bar oh right
sourdough oh whatever just regular bread
slice of bread I've got food you can be
terrific father one day nothing on
camera when you're older remember you
could house a real moment there's a real
moment yeah I really like that was me
what I think that was me I think yeah
but Joe you're not the APIs to Tasha
Tommy that moment I did yeah but also I
wonder if she'll feel so now that you
didn't want to do it
next step me and bellybuttons make made
time for the shoot right there all right
time for the shoot
they're all going in the camper van I'm
getting special treatment I said what's
your monster they're putting me in a
nice car because of practice I was like
no you shouldn't have to deal with
castor smell and Jose Marcus is dead and
I ran out of things to say not improvise
all right dining is never really good
you know is it like a little stub at the
end mushroom like the rubber on the end
of the pencil believers it's actually
math it's not acid I don't know what it
is I don't compare it does the job you
know it works
thinking home is good it's fine
arrived on location your shoes are
wonderful I dare you to run up the
highest peak the highest peak yeah I'm a
big jump down is it Manila we're on the
Nexus
cept now and there's small Bert Tom I'll
just show you what I mean oh okay Oh
any little food is the fan and then oh
that's not meant to be there and that's
gonna be my spot there let's do it get
out you know I just was saying in the
car how much I hate weird in selfies bit
now there they are
how many youtubers can you get in a fan
many ready
we have Louise honestly I thought for a
while you were sat on shit on manure
yeah there's manure behind you you found
the one little patch of non manure which
one's your favorite in this pack okay so
I've got really excited it's been very
quick I mean the poor bonds are not ball
bonds that's upsetting these are quite
nice I'm gonna have one of these next I
like those don't be Dodger
yeah oh look there's a custard cream I
do enjoy a custard cream you do you
enjoy these one I just have those oh I
thought they like your pack of biscuits
won't you ever clean the toilet it's not
honest thing for three pooses been on so
it's gonna happen guys
I love how elaborate schemes goes now
now so you can be born born ready
weirdest moment of my entire life
well done Deary me shoe is done I have
wasted so much battery stare at him
seeing down until tomorrow I'm filming
with them so I need to be like a bit
frugal with the old battery I'm in a
hotel room and my PJs and I've just
ordered myself a little dinner I'll show
you little washers her make I'll come
early and this soup I'd like to kind of
want to steal this I won't obviously but
that's like the funniest cup ever I've
got a bottle of water here so I'm just
gonna eat this and watch some Netflix
and go to sleep I woke up like this and
oh my god I just realized that answered
the door like this as well Jesus
I ordered continental breakfast thinking
just have something right look on what's
come we've got a money quest on the baby
croissant some Coco Pops some fruit what
are you what are you Oh some ham
slathered over the bread excuse me more
so just from it about that um tea milk
okay a juice this all absolutely
delightful
two fun facts for you the first one is I
forgot to bring my toothbrush so we
didn't brush my teeth last night and now
I feel because they've got some chewing
gum in my mouth but well it's not the
same and the second fact is I say new
tells a lot but I never ever
take the toiletry things however Darcy
has started to really enjoy playing
hotels with me so I am going to take
these little things home with me and we
can play hotels I have my props sorry
Hampshire hotel I just guess where I am
guess where I am with my favorite boy
there you go I've ever seen the hair yes
it's so good I might I don't know how
these things um we're gonna film a
pregnancy related video about my new
pregnancy yeah which one of you is the
fonder
so I'm not really gonna I know I'm doing
the weekly but we've got things to do
not things to do Louise is a very busy
lady
with a much more rounded life than ours
so we're here to show how ignorant we've
got to see a film a tough right so look
forward to it we just sell we do this so
many things no spoilers wait and see I'm
a whole new man we're ready to be me
yeah I don't think you should ever be
midwives or meet her really I gave some
good answers you give them Asajj know we
come with four fingers you don't it's
not a four finger maybe size either
stroke what what are you doing I'm
hoping we're gonna get some food at a
time or we have mothers we can make
priorities we want to go see it but we
also want to eat order some somnus yeah
you need some food first what we do and
we hung out yeah let's do it
often out filming an hour I love food oh
yeah it's happening no happening the
stuff of legends yes
yes I hadn't seen this before
something with an egg donburi yeah
92 points if you can tell which one this
one is if you put the date stamp on his
name
no mrs. though you remember I was
tweeting save does anyone know where I
can get the mrs. potts teapot from oh
well the prymaat team got in touch and
they have sent this one over from duffle
in the Dublin store and flippin love it
and I'm going to give it what - I'm
gonna give one to me for one - Emma
so Primark thank you so much you have
made two grown adult women with Disney
obsessions very very happy so look got a
ball on my head I'm going to write a
blog post because today is my eighth
year blogger bursary right I'll post
start editing Torres video because
tomorrow is really really busy day I'm
just take my per job 20 plus 8 I want to
like have a bath Jana's on
I'm not hungry because we had like a
mother's earlier I'm really happy to be
home but I'm really happy there sit
outside my comfort zone I'm happy that I
did like stage in London by myself I was
feeling a bit weird about it but she's
so stupic so used to Sealand about
myself all the time up since it's been
ugly really
I blame Liam I've been all like cozy at
home so it's good I'm like getting back
out there again anyway this is enough
rambling these videos getting wrong
along the last verses 45 bloody minutes
see you tomorrow
it's Friday we have come to melt in
between shopper this morning
meeting out of 12 so we're rushing but I
watched a bit of Christmas shopping
because means working all weekend and I
want to do Christmas wrapping the food
code up in the mood I'm in the mood for
Christmas the snow is coming down
Christmas I'm watching it for Christmas
lots of Christmassy things a little bit
sick
that's Jules just there just and
disgusting that many of that I'm trying
to get as much Christmas shopping done
now because of this my Christmas I don't
want to be waddling around the shops so
sorted out dad's present my step mom
Tina's present too aren't his presence
and a birthday present for my trailer
yeah now this lighting is really cool a
bit like mill now I'm going to get some
donuts because I have a meeting
afternoon people I'm gonna take a box of
donuts oh that's big better lighting
because who doesn't like donuts sadists
say this who don't like donuts comment
below if you don't like donuts oh god
actually don't because if people who are
so just just keep it to yourself now
he's a new data secret yes the place of
dreams
look at these that's basically Nutella
shit me wow wow wow wow
I've not follow I've not filmed really
anything today very sorry about that um
basically we went to Milton Keynes we
bought doughnuts and some Christmas
presents and jewels and then I had a
meeting my meeting is I'm on the PTA at
our C's school now what I'm really
enjoying it and so I'm being quite
involved in that and we've been doing
quite a lot of stuff and planning some
really fun events for all the children
and stuff so I spent my whole afternoon
there and with some other parents like
planning things which I really enjoy
like sad mom alert the bloody love it
came back edited a video it's going up
now and with Brummie mummy which i think
is just us like losing our minds
rambling a little bit had some really
nice Marks and Spencers pizza with Liam
and we have salad a bit sand like nibbly
bits with it it's half past six and I'm
up in the boudoir in the soft office
just doing my video I'm gonna have a
bath and call at the end of week but I
will say this week has been really
positive the most positive we have
hadn't read on time I kept thinking
they'll be a day there'll be a down day
and that this weekend could be down days
but like mental health wise great really
enjoyed it and physical health wise
great my back is hurting today a bit but
aside from that what a great pregnancy
week all-round thumbs up thumbs up for
pregnancy week 25
my god next week on Monday I will be 26
weeks pregnant
mmm okay um no I was in Hall for this
week and bought anything on Amazon no
nothing really
so that's it I love you don't forget
tickets for hello world are below and
I'll see you all next week thanks
watching bye
