hey everyone and I've just got a little
bit out of practice sort of looking
morning time Indies having her morning
nap and I love this time because it's
like off what can I have my coffee she
goes out and then I get to kind of do a
bit of tidying up and kind of tan what I
want to do for the day so yeah God
because the wedding's up if you coming
up
quite soon so we've got so much to kind
of sort out and at the same time I need
to kind of get as much work than as
possible so that I'm not like stressing
about work over the wedding period it
should be quite a productive day we just
went for some like brunch and we're just
walking back and such a nice day today
oh yeah bananas place time to walk
through the park hello yeah and then
today I've got my last gesture thing
which is really exciting
you wanna add anything Indy Indy Indy I
love this one yeah he's not sure what to
do it's pretty self-explanatory
yeah got a swing what yeah that's it
you're so cool for now I'm all the way
to home stream my disappearance
so I thought I quickly show you guys
what my outfit well today because I
always always want to and then I just
forget when I get home because it was
the induced Oh non-stop so I'm wearing
this skirt is a really old one from a
soft I should probably get another one
so it's actually quite big
yeah just like Oh quite like simple and
and yeah that's my outfit and I had what
bags that I have I have my big white
leather yoga bag and so I'd show you
because I like it kind of insta
instagrams this shot but some people
wanted to see the whole outfit so I'll
link everything down below as well in
case you guys I didn't repeat and now
I'm going to go and probably do their
work slash cook and relax and often he
goes to bed you should if you play play
it again so this is just a statistic
this benefit it is doing when we've done
soon son okay I can finally do a little
bit of a capture they went really
quickly I kind of wish I'd looked more
of it but I was really rushing around
one of the day and I plan to go like so
before the wedding I still need like
some sexy underwear at all some of the
things I can't say because the
bridesmaids might watch this video but I
need some softly bridesmaids which I've
got today others wanted to see I've cut
everybody so anyway I had my last
fitting and the dress looks good I'm
really happy with it and then I go to
pick up some Eric's who didn't have time
today for her to like steam the dress
and get it ready for me and stuff so um
yeah going to go meet up tomorrow and
hopefully tie up all the other loose and
a fort noon hair as well for the webbing
because I really like blonde hair but
you know you can see there's two
different tones and this I never
actually meant to Christmas light when I
saw the hair I was like oh my god I'm
going to look like Barbie but I do like
it now but I think for the wedding
I want to be just a little bit more like
this top color you know it just looks a
bit more a little bit more natural just
a little bit I also want to dye my roots
because I think they're just too light
for like wedding pictures I think it's
too like forehead and then brawl but
anyway I said no there's like
pre-wedding chats interesting releasing
it got my glass of wine yeah we have so
much on at the moment
and this is probably not a lot of time
to be looking at the moon but I just
wanted to anyway how are you guys doing
life's just going at such a fast pace at
the moment so I can't wait to share with
you guys the wedding video just
everything with the pictures and I went
to like a wedding I've never said this
before but I went and tried to send for
the wedding with Jo Malone and I can't
wait like it gonna be a pumpkin I know
I'm not super nervous but I'm nervous
because I don't want to trip down the
aisle or like repeat one of the vowels
wrong or I don't know I just I don't
really like embarrass myself but I'm
sure I won't it's really nerve-wracking
anyway though this was interesting so
I'll leave you guys for now tomorrow but
like a workday / picking up the dress so
if you glad to check that my blog
recently but I've always got well not
always at least once or twice a week
have like new posts on there oh it was
really helped actually if you guys
because I want to pre film over the
wedding period so there's definitely
content growing up let me know what
you'd like to see or my main channel and
like is there something that I haven't
done just so long that you want to see
all that you've always wanted to see me
do that's different
let me know anyway I'm gonna go but I
totally forgot to mention my head I am
my god it was so fun I interest rate it
so you guys probably saw I actually I
saved the story so I'm in stress out
that in the video I think that'd be fun
and I didn't actually capture a little
drunk me which thank God that could have
blow like bad in the morning basically
me my bridesmaid slash girls when and we
did a naked life drawing which was
hilarious I think this a cocktail making
class that psycho time record I really
really recommend it and dirty martini
have to go easy to just go for lunch or
something it's amazing in there and yeah
went there and then just get ready and
stuff then we went out ton sourire some
I feel like I was fit wrong but anyway
I'll link the website down below or
something it was really good
but the music nearly I don't know you I
didn't I wasn't loving the music like I
love some good like R&B hip hop you know
and like the good stuff I feel like I
don't know not like um too mixed up with
like all the new ones and like really
cheesy old ones I just like good dancing
one I don't that makes any sense but um
so I made the executive decision so that
all blow away the food we have food and
cocktails there and they were delicious
yes I definitely recommend it for food
it's in Chelsea by the way and then yeah
so I may not believe this
well I asked everyone obviously what
they thought basically we had stuff in
Makiki we're going to go to embargoes
we're going to go to Berto Schloss but
what's my key and it was so
good the music was so good in the
downstairs bet and I met Al Gore to
subscribe to saw me and I was like she
came up to me to say that she likes like
my channel um and I'm so drunk
oh well thank you sorry I'm having like
sorry about that I'm really embarrassing
when I'm drunk but yet it was so good
and then that was it
yeah the whole day night went really
quick but so anyway I'll insert all that
footage here because it is quite fun to
look back up
we just found a key and now run to the
next page
third side away oh he was you cold same
way friend ready
let's taste of the UPR for my solo
oh I feel so rough this time I don't
know why I think it's like a mix of hay
fever or maybe I've had a bit of a cold
recently or something but um yeah I'm
just making some coffee
little ones on the floor on her and Matt
sister on Mamas and Papas in case you're
wondering she loves these drums
this is I see but last night I'd I'd be
the top of my hair I haven't done it I
sort of literature's wake up like a
shape type like that but oh my god last
night we watched split because I've been
wanting to watch split from ages because
my favorite favorite genre genre is
psychological thrillers I love them so
it's kind of like that / horror it was
like a James McAvoy Oh
francha Savannah Jane like way was so
good in it I can't believe he what and
yeah the film's really good I recommend
it I was so scared last night like it's
not like a supernatural film like that I
go to do anything that was I was so
scared laughing and yeah it's really
good and I don't want to ruin anything
for anyone but there's something really
interesting idioms let me know what you
thought of the ends maybe down below and
if you haven't seen it don't look down
below so don't spoil it for anyone here
she's got really well off like recently
she's even giving up her and he will
which is so good I just finished filming
and a few videos so I've got content to
go up over the next few weeks and and
I'm just going to head out and I get my
dress and I've got like one or two other
errands to do while I'm out and then
that time and yes this is it so I'll
bring you guys with me I'm going to try
and do as much as I can when I'm in
seventh or finds it so like I would
forget to get the camera that I'm really
hungry for
I grab lunch and yeah probably those
selfridges because I just have
everything there and let's go so you can
some top shots as well and my shoes are
from ego and I got my Gucci
I want that coming down thanks interest
rate they've got a few see bit there
coffee gets anything some say it's
really productive I got my giving
wedding and I I didn't know its Olympics
within the soldier so I picked up a CC
cream thing that everyone thought about
and now I just get my pair and after
that when I go and get some blood by
fans for two hours they will be very
weak magnetic versus nice yeah just put
indeed bed and she usually goes to focus
usually go to sleep to like a hairdryer
sound but I thought I'll try without and
she went down to fine so that's good
because you know when you kind of get so
used to like your baby is kind of
relying on something so you feel like
you have to always do that but when
something I don't know when they do
something on their own it's like yes and
yeah I had a very the bosom of that
wanting to eat I'd arranged happy cab
driver he was really nice though so I
have my dress and I just hung it up and
I'm so excited it's still so good to
have it now just just you know it kind
of feels like another loose end has been
tied this came this morning from the
Perla how beautiful oh my god I've got
nowhere nice to put these flowers thank
you so much I've yet I'm yet to smell
their school foot that's so pretty
