good morning everybody today I see I'm
in a completely different location all
those things
I forgot what they're called but I just
don't I just don't get them they're like
but burgers but they're not they're not
savory then somebody do gets everyone's
and it confuses me I'm just these things
is confusing a lot I've got with a cold
some let me on the courts below but
morning hi you weren't there when I
arrived back last night how the hell did
you get my room weather check today
Oh wrong way that's right again well
chipper today is sunny perfect I was not
doing the cloud the sky it's an absolute
sculpture so yes you didn't know already
from the so tellurium I mean how can not
tell where I am from the hotel room but
I am currently in Nice I'm about to go
down for breakfast not dressed like this
where we get kicked out the hotel but I
must head out for breakfast and then I'm
off to do think receive freaking cool
and you're gonna come and see exactly
what that is in about five seconds right
yeah those three cars they were there
last night and the Aloha guys this is
Jack hey oh hey there yeah good good
this is jet this my audience or hinted
is Jack a good friend from school
me and Jack played a little game of Slav
marry avoid last night know of each
other but we've reserved three cars
under the unsightly clip-in now are you
lucky kids right
Jack you've got a walked into a plant
pop big old plant pot as well wine Jesus
undetected Holly so things got a snog
marry avoid out of these three cars
what'd you do snog marry avoid over re
for five a it's not an Audi RS yeah
alright sorry I'll be alright in yellow
though controversial and Howard II know
I've got already a Ferrari 488 I've got
it ready we're gonna say it's not the
por favor
Oh tricky about something snug it I mean
girls pikemen don't you dirty bugger
dirty dog
you know I I'd avoid the Idra
oh I know
I heart Lana and I created before a a
you know I think I would I think you
agree in this situation I would do the
same anybody else you know what would
you do it yellows macaroons macaroons
turns out there's other things in hotel
room I was talking about macaroons this
one emanate a certain standard so what
did you think it's like a soggy meringue
in it yeah I'm not I'm not a big fan I
like them to look lovely but I just like
insulin macaroon more like makam I can't
watch
nice a lot so we've arrived at nice
Airport which you may be thinking Joe
why you going there for you're leaving
already
what kind of look is this ah no not
check this out
the junkie lifetime
Oh
finally process so we have arrived in
Monaco and look at this country well
it's the second smallest country in the
world probably one of the wealthiest not
her life and I must get hit by a scooter
I didn't actually vlog yesterday right
should of but I got to go into the pits
and like I got to actually sit in a
Formula One car as a part of that right
now
apparently is a really really really
really really rare thing to do but let
me they trusted me because I was the
same height as a little bit taller than
the same height and like some body
shapers Kelly paymaster today is
qualifying and I've loved yesterday I
learned so much about when we won that I
never even knew which I'm going to try
guys and charger or Luke is right there
with the rocks icon bob is realized
either cookies Walker in the world you
know is that pleased so far so look here
you just look clunky Bob we're in a
massive hurry to get to I think a tender
which always thought vent chicken
tenders we've been you hungry whatever
it's not Maria boy we go no sorry
I would avoid the avoided Porsche I
would smell so much right in Merida
Ferrari
oh we're eat like oh look at this
this really is Betty luxury it's finest
clothes decided guys I'm going to at
some point in my life own a boat there's
maybe one like that probably I'm going
to live on a boat I don't get seasick
which is quite rare well what makes I
don't get seasick so I decided I'm just
destined to live on a boat also I'd be
so on edge upon those buildings up there
I might not vote on a boat Danielle
where we do
hey I hate a movie nowhere we made it
onto the plate in time and we're about
to have a crash Captain Jack Perry's
coming in to clear out though your
Altima crash since that is a cool boat
this is like some sort of scene from
parts of the Caribbean this is Luke
right here's the main man is in charge
of Williams William is rated and is
about the man that told me everything I
know yesterday about for Milan is also
the fastest Walker then did it in didn't
didn't enjoy in Formula One but Jack
he loved his Formula One and he's
emailing minute we showing it right now
but he's having the time of his life
he's trying to wave himself playing
Captain Jack this is a no world honestly
Oh
and here we are home sweet home - how
does it I get so confused they all look
we're on one of these on these bad boys
for the for the weekend so it was just
saying that the reason why yesterday we
folks are very close to this side here
you can get on through like their little
right flank thing but because the the
qualifier is happening today and track
right here the track is literally here
so the boats appear back a little bit
just in case you know a car that hit two
ramp goes in over that fence is going to
land safely in the water not on the not
on my lap but these are incredible
my private chauffeur yeah which is it
which is us this is the boat that we're
on holy moly
I can't believe this okay I just a
justice salute coming up more art to
steal all your martinis martini Williams
is yours the second deck is three very
mines one up there one here and the one
jump down below and this believe or not
is our view they come bombing down here
or we're along here and down there and
look people are already getting ready in
the apartments and stuff to watch your
happen even a bloody bungee jump
I thought when I was craning that who's
our main guys Felipe Massa and Lance
strong last straw Canadian and Brazilian
there are two boys and obviously a root
folder with feel so kind of written for
our own Louis have it Louis we want
Louis we want Louis do very very well
but as we are here with you know
Williams martini we also want 30 pay and
Lance come first and second all the
chance that happening jack anything can
happen
I reckon it's the me for Neil old to
William for to to Williams
Oh
mental loud in it for I me me air drums
are gone the Wobblies the bleep a funny
prepaid call Felipe Wow
there we go guys at the end of practice
well they're still practice and times up
for practice something they hadn't if
they've not enough I want to do more
every time woody was martinis drives
past we give it one eat we're good
what are you sometimes they were hanging
loose from one boat to another run a
third boat of the day Jack this is mad
innit this is the buddy life but I would
be so scared for any especially it's
probably costs more than my life just
have just finished have an early lovely
lunch and out nowhere jumps out there
the Princess of Monaco rocks up I know
I'm not gonna lie didn't have a clue I
didn't ever to she was that's a nice or
put like a month when she meets me I'm
sorry I don't clearly well my daughter
knows all the time but I didn't ask what
was different Sadie so I was like Darren
different first the whole time
nice we've arrived home home sweet home
here they are they're like old God the
medium of this cameras back again but
now we're gonna have some more rage
first years after the princess Merliah
on that saying about she was talking to
us at dinner i lunch sorry I wonder when
she had dessert
what pudding she waited for you I
wrecked her up the lemon tart definitely
definitely late lemon tart but yeah I
had no idea if she was the Princess of
Monaco
now she's flat back starts performing
one race for the qualifier and there on
Bullock when started drinking the first
one across the line who knows that's
fine now in about
12 second time is their brilliant quick
they bribed one it
I see there were the colors all right
great out
get me the crane the bungee jump come
into it go pick a car up though right
now get your car slow in the air you
raise me up and on mountain there is
enough green man all the drivers are in
here that chatting to the cameras come
check this with boy guys must be patched
over blogs yeah no exclusive interview
with a joke Thanks okay fine
only at the Formula One you see such
rare sites lady with a pen and paper
balanced on her box actually read read
books it's a lot quicker she reckons
hundreds in the background of whatever
TV show that there's walking as well
hello oh she's back I looked that book
didn't cover I couldn't tell you how
quick that book came up ahead straight
up is to straight up under her arm like
one smooth motion and now she's got the
microphone and she's into doing a
question Vettel I've never changed so
quickly okay so you know like because
I'm fed up is when it first expert and
also poop hey how come I passed a time
they like that question like a session
is here which means lying I was a lie
where and again where he's not telling
that you take porky pies that will stop
it
sending you telling porky pies whatever
you saying not true so this is my pass
for the weekends right I'm just right
it's only until recently I realized that
I keep catching bits of this thinking
it's like silhouettes or yoga positions
turns out it's not it's actually
pictures of the different tracks around
the world and now I look at it I can
actually clearly see yeah actually it is
it's definitely not yoga positions Holly
if you're watching this let's try a few
of these ins out you know we get on so
you buy your programs you've got dogs
you're gonna play replica cars here my
replica for me one cars ear defenders
that's why I needed earlier on why your
dogs
buy a cash when it's gone it's gone
right we're going to attempting to climb
to the putt the old palace we're gonna
stash come all the way I'm wearing new
shoes boat shoes vortex shoes wherever
so they the Robin finished the area on
the mark okay what guys the greatest
legend down here yeah if it ever has to
know Monica don't we've ever had up
there
but we've made it hallelujah select them
in Assassin's Creed a princess per every
end here we go we made it
hush it up to you by the coin oh there
you go you can actually you attract
Lincoln II suppose we're on probably
there someone and that one there
come my dad's outlook here we go
Monaco 2017 our words Damien Rice we
need in the coils cannonballs buddy
Damian where are you
they're everywhere yes it's might have
inception when they've been the world
over like me so they restart Larry for
Christmas
they like to get ready for an earlier in
Monaco
they mess around that Christmas lights
up ready they love it oh they're back
they're haunting me don't get them I
don't abandon was a desert or was a
desert or a tree or snack don't get it
here we go the palace
this is where the Queen lives these are
a queen I don't know yet not sorry I did
there's definitely a real family here I
don't know if the Queen and all I do
know is this them what's his name
the guard is to go from Chitty Bang Bang
the grandad when he gets rest up at the
end in that white uniform that's what it
looks like he look the grant yet it is
granddad it's grandpa what's his name
from Chitty Bang Bang Oh No
Damian and where are ya I'm telling you
Jack Damien Rice an absolute field day
here when he loved it yeah get off my
balls you just finished having a meal
here checkers have been retailers bag a
war with us it's what a wine came in
this bag of water we're gonna take that
off you had ice in it went down with us
and pretended we've lost my goldfish has
anyone seen my goldfish anyone anyone
seen my goldfish always will you leave
me huh
right it's now later on the day and I
remember crazy shirt tear my shirt what
do you think we have a trapinch I don't
know either they were wild like when we
were 10 niosh do know about everything
about birds language 10 like this DeMayo
kind of my competition I speak to people
and tell them that I'm a wildlife expert
that's my job that's how I'm going to do
is the loving life but again he's do it
with it was running next even then bad
boys on I like it okay
now that is good oh you're crazy anyone
just do a still wear them let's do that
sorry but look at the size of it this is
bigger than my bedroom we have left the
boat and we're now off the next
destination which I can't say where is
that no idea where it is I'm going to
follow everyone else
hello for the best areas the main man
main man mr. TW Paul Wallace strolling
through he Aires Monaco there's a gauge
that he owns Monica Monica I said your
own Monaco this is a boy right here
he's uh he's thinking bender his wing
and he showed me what Juanico is all
about show you old cars was the sky with
this what's the star here with two
wheels
Oh Mila Jim why'd you call up got
nowhere we've got some lovely because
all of a sudden very important go out
the car early Lola unbelievable Emily
they're here Margo the top of weather
20th cause inmate machine as well start
strong metal creepy
so this right here is a tunnel that's
forming two one cars drive through like
50 million miles an hour but I tell you
what walking through it
it's a lot longer this right here is one
of the most rare cars it's like get this
car you invited to go and buy it you
can't even like buy one yourself you've
got to be invited to buy it and I walk
on
please Ferrari if you're watching this
invite me invite me to buy one and I
feel like that yes I still don't have
money for it
yo you're all right things to begin with
there a million quid just to see you
though cctf yeah so pause broke into
this car he's actually very good at
breaking because he's found this guy's
broken foot in his way into a
Lamborghini apparent it's cause very
loud
Jesus right
what I wanted to do
we are back hotel Jack's last chance
mate so Mary avoids that changed at all
the change at all since you last saw him
I'm still saying we avoiding Ari and
still saying everybody all right yeah
who's yellow I saw a black marketeer
really light and there you go guys they
have it I hope you enjoy today's vlog if
you did give it a big thumbs up
subscribe you haven't already a massive
and I will see you very soon we'll put
tomorrow for another vlog Cheers
and good night
