just about to do my makeup ready to go
five medium so I will let you know how I
get on with it
so I've just finished off my first
outfit that I'm shooting for the day
because it's Sunday and on Sundays we
shoot outfits I am my nose is running
it's been so cold outside I'm shooting
the last few posts for a collaboration
that I did with far fetch and so I'm
shooting this Burberry Mac but I've used
one of the hair style styler tools that
I got yesterday at the close show and
it's like my first time using a barrel
one like you know they've got like the
clampy thing and then you twist your
hair I'm sure that's a technical term
but I can't tell you how unimpressed I
am like you guys will know how wavy my
hair usually is and it was so wavy when
I did it and then it's all just dropped
out and like my hair smells like it's
been burnt like it stinks I'm so not
impressed it's like an I think it's
called like a thk or something like that
but I was so excited to use it now don't
like it gonna go back to using my steam
pod I think anyway now on to outfit
number two of four so Lydia wants me to
confess that I've been absolute also so
to make her we're gonna break the ice by
letting her feed me some chocolate
he was so horrible to me yesterday when
my feet were there and this is payback
Vidya yeah smile India picture picture
Lydia over here Lydia
I guarantee we will get beeped during
this little shoot that we are doing
now off to shoot outfit number three
you sleepy pop here such a sleepyhead oh
look at enjoying cuddly daddy oh you two
look a little poor in the air
so we're doing the final outfit now I
decided not to do another one because
the lights fading and I don't like it
when it gets this dark and we're going
to go and get a Christmas coffee from
watch my door hey I'm gonna go get a
Christmas coffee from Starbucks
drive-through and then we're going to
come home and get into our comfy clothes
what we do like every Sunday get into
our contry clothes and start editing
I'll obviously start editing tomorrow's
vlog it should be this one I just
realize but I basically be wearing the
same thing in every single vlog so far
which is a little bit embarrassing but
never mind I won't be wearing this
tomorrow oh wait oh well maybe I'll just
wear it for a whole December I feel like
using it sometimes sometimes you get
sleeps in it and wakes up and puts a
dress and going over the top off the map
that's a lie yeah we talked about coffee
yeah what coffee Ewan how many calories
are in a Starbucks um it's not that
skinny lattes is is there any way I no
issue I love like I love the whole like
trellis about
and it's not the best like natural light
today but we're getting it done anyway
so yeah this is my photographer okay so
that is the wrap for today she doing now
it's time the Starbucks
what are you gonna get I don't know oh
honey alien armor gingerbread eggnog you
ever had eggnog sweet hayek nog she try
it look I'm not trying not hey drunk
game for it
okay Jake no you sure you want to make
that dark chocolate though forget one of
each okay yeah okay so to turn
gingerbread yeah okay can I have one
medium um gingerbread latte double Korea
yes please yes please
and at one medium eggnog latte animator
peg no getting out no that's it thank
you every time drive and ready thank you
Christmas card Christmas cup we're gonna
get
drive through drive-thrus a lot the best
invention - starboard yeah I was gonna
say subway that's worst okay try free
Subway's with me they're not the best
clothes my ass not money
I don't worry darling I'll pay anybody
giving me my Wonder
oh thank you
so my slippers are on track so your
bottoms are on and I've got a cozy
jumper on and time for my Starbucks this
one's already working we haven't decided
what we're having for tea yet are we
gonna have oh no vegetables okay he's so
boring
okay so slight change of plan I'm not
going to be spending my evening editing
we are going to go for Chinese with our
friends which actually I'm so excited
about I haven't seen them all together
in ages and it was my best friend
Carrie's birthday the other day so I've
got to give her her present and yeah I
get to see them all oh this is so
exciting
but I have to go redo my hair now that
I've put up and maybe my makeup team
drying so the fact that I forgot to put
my lush million dollar moisturizer
underneath I'm really sort of like uh
noticing that my skin is quite quite dry
really that hopeful for it but I also
thought there's a girl who got my colour
completely wrong because she was
literally like just put it on my face
like henna yeah
perfect I thought you haven't looked at
that right but she had fair play to the
girl in Selfridges she was very lovely
but yeah I thought she's got it wrong
and she hasn't yeah so I should probably
go and get ready just sat here going
over some changes on my new site and
Annie bought me hot chocolate it's not
coffee and it got a little hot tuna I'm
so impressed with how good that art is I
can't even do that this is like my
favorite part of the evening when he
brings me hot chocolate it makes me
really happy so this is what I'm wearing
tonight
to the restaurant I know I'm not wearing
my bevery trends but it is still
Burberry I am so wearing a Burberry coat
this is what I'm wearing in tonight I
pruned it yeah they're in Stoney
Stratford I've got Carrie's present
jingle bells jingle bells jingle all the
way
so we back from the meal and we has such
a good night it's always such a good
time we go and have dinner we went and
had Chinese and just kind of like a pre
New Year's celebration but now we're
home and I think Ali's about to go to
bed I am downstairs watching 24 hours in
earnest and I've doubt I'll be crying
scene but I'm also editing some bits to
go live throughout the week
Lumi is that watching me okay media
Lanie hmm you just watching mommy mm-hmm
so I think I better leave the vlog there
really because I thought I'd get
anything that's ready to go out tomorrow
so I'll see you tomorrow bye - bye man
hey bye all right don't
