it's Wednesday um we are shipping on out
I don't know whether you follow me on
Instagram or on my blog the up hill my
mum and baby blog but we're moving
rather randomly it's bit of a long story
and I think I'm gonna do a separate vlog
about it but um basically we found it
sorts of house new project because I
know that we only really renovated this
one two years ago we moved back in two
years ago so for a lot of people it just
seems like yesterday when we moved back
in here and we found a new project and
then we sold this house and we were all
ready to exchange and basically um
purchased fell through but we decided to
still sell our house which at the time
seemed like a really good idea but now
we find ourselves in the position when
we couldn't find a short-term net to
tide us over till we found a new house
to buy and so our friend has wheantr
does his house in bath so betrothed bath
which is quite random and yeah we moved
tomorrow so I am packing up a load of
stuff it's been quite hectic possibly
the most stressful couple of months of
my life I think that noise you can hear
in the background is Ted's vacuum
cleaner noise I'm trying to get into his
sleep but it's not working
I picked packing from me look in this
box I have a this is a breast pump thing
some panty liners an old lamp that I
don't even want a single ballet pump
that I don't know where the other one is
and then underneath here oh my god I
just cannot get rid of this thing mister
am arse
soldier
I have carried this bloody soldier one
two three four this is the fifth time
I've moved with this and he won't let it
go it's like his lucky statue it's
really heavy look at the guy's face like
he hasn't even got proper features
painted on oh you used to live on top of
the toilets in our first flat and then
gradually it's migrated into the bedroom
super fast motorcycle we need our own
motorcycle so we can move it's only geo
still had a shape though so tired
yourself weird dad has been waking out
of every two hours and you did
and we ruff we're off where are we going
my house we changing station I am at my
parents because the removal people moved
all my stuff at the house today and they
don't get the staff to Bath until
tomorrow so here we are mr. O'Mara's
dilip house he sleeping out on the camp
bed can't remember there was a reason
why can't Matt what it is yeah we're
here we've sort of avoided the chaos sit
down
wine is going to get you a present we've
avoided the chaos which is quite good
but I think that over a week's worth of
really bad stress and also not sleeping
because Ted isn't sleeping at all at the
moment it's really starting to take its
toll I've got things coming up on my
skin I just feel rubbish tip now varnish
yeah and it was really emotional leaving
the house this morning don't know why
all of a sudden I was just thinking what
am i doing mmm say hello oh no don't you
touch my lens can you do some faces
scary face this way
oh you set up a picnic or a pig monster
don't some on you tell me no not on you
and your back oh you like it you like
wings driving look at that touch can you
say huh she's a monster
oh this using peg monster where are we
under the car for the new house that has
Ted
there's a lorry with all of our things
in and our temporary home behind there
we have arrived we are in bath ah new
life begins possibly not in bath but you
know the first section does not have
something again now I've got on
completely irrelevant I know but I've
just realized this color is really
unflattering on me it was a cardi that I
rescued from the charity thing I've been
casting around for about eight years
that's really not a good colour is it
but we are in mr. AMR is about to
literally kealoha hasn't eaten anything
in about three days and I still feel bad
because I can't do a lot because I'm
watching a Jenica otherwise she'd look
full down the stairs or get crushed
beneath some fallen furniture I sort of
feel useless like I'm slacking maybe I
am we don't want to move again in a long
time the worst thing about this is that
we will be because we have to find a
house so I'm really excited about I'm
not going more into that when I've got
time
best thing about this whole situation I
think is the fact that I can now
obsessively go and write weave again
that I've got an excuse rather than just
so looking for no reason so makes me
think the house that fell through wasn't
right if I was still looking anyway so
I'm maybe a blessing in disguise
yeah I mean once they actually get time
to happen to come right move it's gonna
be amazing
hi everyone so after almost a week
really feeling really really unsettled
um both babies they've not been a
nightmare and I've just been really
unsettled and going bed times have just
been a nightmare Ted's been waiting
every and hard two hours at night which
has been so draining to the point where
I've really considered given that
breastfeeding just so that I don't have
to do the night fees and that it's no
Thursday we moved yesterday and they've
both just gone to bed really easily
sorry my computer keeps turning itself
off and I'm trying to edit my Sunday
video which is actually a little vlog
about why we're moving and why with me
it's Sunday I'm in my new office and I
will do a little tour of my office when
it's set up I sort of feel like we're
starting to get things together a little
bit I feel less like I'm in a panic
which is really good and yeah it's just
it's crazy trying to do anything with I
thought having a baby although they've
napped loads today but I think that's
because it's just been so weird
and they haven't been sleeping properly
so that's been good and I've been
unpacking in the bedroom I found some
old jeans that I've managed to get into
shoehorn my midriff into and yeah it's
all good I'm feeling very positive I
have to go and see one of my really good
friends
in fact this used to be her hats so it's
nice being here even if it is sort of a
short amount of time and we're going to
go and have something roast
right now so we're walking back being
back in London again like London's only
four years ago
that's an interesting pattern on my face
isn't it look um it's Tuesday
no it's not okay that week is it Monday
by the way thank you so much for
everyone's comments and emails that
people have sent me saying like good
luck with the move and it will be fine
and you know pair on through and it's
really been so uplifting genuinely I did
not mean to break down in the middle of
that last video which I will link to if
you haven't seen that it was just like a
temporary piece of fluff in my eye
but obviously I must have been really
stressed and sort of overwhelmed so
thank you I was really quite touched
well very touched that so many people
were concerned and took the time to sort
of rally my spirits so thanks for that
really I really appreciate it
I'm feeling very positive positive start
to a new week
look at my face doo-doo-doo-doo GG right
I have to go and do some work because
that's what I'm supposed to be doing
that's why Ted has gone to the shops
with his daddy because I was like I have
to get this work done right now and Here
I am lounging on the sofa
are you gonna make him dizzy okay stop
stop the chair stop the chair that's it
give him a little cuddle
ah mr. AMR is going back to London until
tomorrow night
so I am here on my own yeah
you want to guess on no it's too small
for you it's for babies it is a lot
later than I thought what it was it's
5:14 means we can start getting ready
for bed in about 20 minutes
because babies can't read the time
hasn't actually been too bad then mr.
Iman was with his sheep at 10:30
tomorrow morning so you should be done
quite quickly
he's shooting Gordon Ramsay fun for him
not so much fun for me because I'm gonna
be going stir-crazy by then I would go
out and I think I will try to conquer my
fear on this one and go down basically
at the front of the house with a set of
stone steps so there's the front door
and then pausing you mrs. boffin Bert
don't don't land on him and be careful
on the swingy season yeah and I haven't
I just can't work out how I will get a
toddler down there and then there's a
busy road and then a baby and then get
them into a double / - a double
I think I'm gonna have to leave a sort
of array of holding pens at the top and
then but then I don't want to go down
the stairs leave one it's like that and
puzzle when is the Fox you don't want to
eat the rabbit or whatever it is but I
feel like we should get out so maybe
that's what we'll do
oh look the best of friends always
cuddling going to bed I just want to
point out that my children are only ever
sick when I'm alone so that's fun Ted's
just been projectile vomiting and has
soaked the duvet and the mattress aim
vom so I'm gonna sleep on the spare bed
because I don't have any washing powder
to do any washing and it's really late
so yeah tomorrow last day of my week in
the life of let's see what it brings I
try and do something exciting but I've
got Tesco delivery at 12 so I don't know
how much I'm gonna get done to be
truthful but we'll see
I've bought the most random selection of
books with me I don't know whether I
mentioned this but all of our books have
gone into storage and just because we
thought there was no point carting them
about with us however I forgot about the
books that were in Angelica's room sort
of an overflow from the shelving system
and so a lot as I said come with us once
I talk you through it's quite an
eclectic mix of things so I've got loads
of actual you know good books I want to
get my teeth into I've also got all of
my baby books this actually might be a
good chance to read those babies first
skills brain rules which was from my mum
your baby week-by-week haven't looked at
that once poor second baby is a and then
up here in another mixture of various
books ones I haven't read all now I
packed all of my cookbooks I don't know
whether I've mentioned that so I've got
just not help me just home-cooked you
know loads more loads that I've read
already didn't like this David Nicholls
book I read that eight escaped but
anyway that's bye-bye want to get
started on this but so many people have
said that it's really upsetting really
intense and a bit depressing so I'm sort
of worried about getting cracking on
that then we've got the Annie Pru bark
skins which I did try to read but it was
just I found it really heavy going the
unknowns among diary which I started was
brilliant and I want to finish a few
other things so they're my random book
selection and then over on the other
side her brain
we have Angelica's library she's got
loads look nice old mix of things there
and whoosh juice we've been shopping
prepping for a video that I might shoot
on Friday but it's been really nice to
the Anton house and in bath such nice
shops which pleases me obviously and my
friend rates has been showing me around
because she's born and bred in bath and
knows it inside out which is amazing and
now we're going home and I think I might
stop on a high note it's been a week
but good so
joints say goodbye we'll see everybody
next time
has a
see you next time see you next time
everyone
hi
