I'm going down down you ever I've got a
break on 30 but I've got a drink oh yeah
I got
that all
like you know
I've got a yeah
ah me fella
hello darlings it's reading a few of the
comments apparently uh we've changed how
many were incredibly unrelatable now I'm
already missing my like mum friends from
London we were really lucky that we had
a really like good group of like four or
five mum friends that were like in the
immediate area so it would be really
easy to just meet in the park in five
minutes or they'd come around when it
was raining or whatever the kids all got
on and we've got on and yeah I just kind
of like that's probably going to be the
thing I miss the most so I'm really keen
to meet new people and for grayton to
make new friends as well I think it's
really important for him to have a
couple of buddies in the area I am
basically mummy no mates at the moment
hi everyone ready yes rumors are it is
most haunted alleyway in bath
we've come for a pizza and Grayson has a
salt shaker then I could leave my mature
until the day I came back alive I've
gotta tell you
it's really weird coming back and living
here again as a parent because last time
I was here our students a completely
different set of like priorities and
things that I kind of wanted from the
city
whereas now coming back to the parent
it's like we're in veneers softly
whereas in a park rather like
child-friendly cafes and broke reporters
like all bars and
so
you keep
the wind song
Gracie and I are going to go and try out
on these soft play now and in London
see you later - you let go - no part of
softly okay wish us luck - making fun
you look
I've had to come back to the house to
pick up a few extra loose ends and sort
some stuff out it's kind of really hit
me now walking into this place I'm just
seeing an empty like this it's it it's
an odd feeling it's desired I thought
about this place I said a couple of
weeks ago but like I can almost I can
almost hear everything that ever
happened in here you only have to
flashback a few months in this place is
just fill up and Grayson's coming up the
stairs after his day in the park and the
TV was on and Hannah was in the kitchen
pottering around and I'm upstairs to
steal my editing then it's just got this
quietness to it now it's odd quietness
the funny thing is it feels small I
thought when we emptied all of our stuff
out of it it would look huge but it
doesn't it feels a lot smaller
I remember bringing a bath grace in here
and just sitting on the sofa with in
there and just having him on my knees
and and I was in bed sleep and les is
looking at the tiny baby that we just
brought back and just thinking oh my god
what we done we can make this little
human always going to do with it as
we're just falling so Melford them right
there why this house is so important for
happens because this is really where I
first learned how to be happy
it's like coming back to see an old
friends that they're not sailing me I'm
a really lovely place
the other mums are so so friendly here I
couldn't get over it like everyone wants
to chat and they're just so welcoming
and so lovely I was just kind of
chatting away while Grayson was playing
really he had a great time he did lots
of fancy just didn't you little one
yeah lots of fun suggests that it was
just very nice so we'll definitely be
going back to that play griff and
everyone's so helpful in like telling me
which play groups to go to in which
areas to go to and stuff so I'm so so
glad that we went back from London it's
been doing some editing and I need to go
out now and get some dessert because we
have a couple of friends coming over
tonight so people yeah
psychotic Oh fuzzy wins the most premier
upper 1220 why is good okay
how does like footage just getting
downstairs on the right this view is
crazy
makes me feel like oh fuck is wrong so I
see there's an energy you keep seeing
Nick at this commute for hours then I
start to get to the power our graduation
he'll be like everything that leads a
half an hour or not get bored two months
that's all it is isn't it yeah two
months they'll go so quickly
yeah well wonderful dinner like so
colleagues as well great and did it like
a place in the moon it makes other yeah
good round face and it's apples had fat
rolls remember when he had known and
because he was so far Krista specific
moving house is a quite argue Asst that
in comparison to like having a new baby
it's nothing
yeah really know your baby's okay hello
yes I don't come here as one day life
our daddy not as I can so it's not going
to be in trouble Harold yeah Thomas is
it for Harold Harold Scott's immature
love life is much peril his name Harold
who dog hollows could be bothering I'm
not looking forward to like the first
year because I think for a lot of guys I
don't want to generalize but for a lot
of guys you're just quite bored for the
first year because it's not they don't
really do anything but now grace is
super fun and super fun to play with and
I can fight him and wrestle everything
like they say a conversation has an
amazing
but when baby the babies are just like
they're just complete idiots they don't
have a clue
they whoa sometimes they are most ladies
on load I see pictures of continued
really long time ago when he was like
one or like six months old and it still
looks like him that it doesn't at the
same time like I can't make this change
so much like bit more shape on his face
now suppose it's Harold Laird you look
at sprout
why didn't you knit like relaxing up a
movie peaceful it's a very good place to
come if you are having a bad day it's
like a way for the madding crowd isn't
it it's one of those it's a bit like how
you feel when you go to the beach if
you're not feeling very good like it
just kind of page ahead a bit not I was
having a bad day but I just imagine if I
was having no way it would be quite nice
up here that's why we nearly moved into
knit up there right up that hill with
your card going up there I'm right up
there near upchuck Jimmy bug but yeah
I've started oh wow yeah good so like to
literally be other side yeah it's weird
some of the see how some people have
reacted what's moving here it did take
me back a little bit by surprise a few
weeks ago when I just weaved in that
video then please unsubscribe but I just
had to people like you don't because
anything about you just dislike just
don't watch out I thought that would
have purged a lot of them but it seems
like the fusions come through and I I
you know it's weird I it's a little bit
sad
I suppose that people feel that you have
an agenda or the people feel they feel
that you're you know that you're
untruthful or or they do think that
you're not being honest or something
it's like there's no not being I think I
personally just felt frustrated because
even though you watch somebody on
YouTube or you watch like a certain
segment of their life or whatever you
know what they've chosen to share with
you and you never really know what other
issues they might be dealing with or
like you kind of always got to be
quite mindful of the fact that it might
get portrayed in a certain way but it's
quite often isn't yeah as like rosy as a
team yeah for lots of youtubers I think
like no one wants to pout really
negative confidence so it's just that I
think that's important to remember that
they might also be dealing with
something that they're not sharing or I
feel like in life you always have to run
at the slowest pace there are a lot of
people know if we totally it's obviously
too taking appears yeah but a lot of
people do too stupid to know they're
taking the piss I mean get upset about
it so you always have to go too slow to
put up so stay tuned light and that's
the frustrating thing about it it's like
guns are illegal because there's a few
mental people out there who will do
stupid things with guns but it doesn't
mean like if I had a gun I'm not going
to go and do anything wrong with them
I'll be a responsible gun owner but this
is just an example I'm you know those
intensive owning a gun but it's just an
example of like you've but you ban them
because there are idiots out there who
would take that gun and do silly things
with it it's what I mean so you always
have to everything in life has to be
engineered around the slowest people and
it's the same with YouTube you have to
what you say and how you articulate
things has to be said in a way that runs
at the slowest pace so it's very
difficult to actually truly an honesty
project one percent of yourself I do
feel like sometimes I perfectly won't
say things because I I know I plan it
not that I can't not that said like
backlash like really like protected me
but I just can't be able to deal with it
I don't know I don't want to waste time
like readings
shitty comments about myself so I'd
rather just not say things in the first
place then have to deal with the silly
things that will come back from that you
know there's a responsibility to
sometimes look at something that you
said and be like I should leave this in
because it is up and if you keep
watering yourself down and not ever
saying anything with any substance to it
or that could offend somebody then
you're not really being yourself you've
just kind of been you're just moving
your mouth and not saying anything I
anyway so we go them for a walk yeah but
we've got quite pleased quite quickly o
builder
it is cool possible again yeah we go way
up love you
come on mama will you be waking up hey
great
do you want to go to her bed to buy some
everyone's them different Democrats
around here I did am one of those
quizzes that you do online you talk
about what your values of what you
believe in and I thought it would always
be like I would be Labor would be quite
likely who I vote for and it turns out
I'd be a few composure
I'm joking what you get it was there
were Democrats yeah it right in yeah I
know and then label is active I look
forward to exploring fresco
I've never let my paintings which are
elaborate show along that Union never
really like did anything very sculptural
it must be really really amazing city
how do weekend my friend young with a
student there today with him for weekend
taxes last year did notice because I
know what happened on that week may have
met radial and that weekend fun
fundraiser Bristol I was out first why
is he fighting literally in the middle
of the roughest
come on asking yeah I do like fuck no
like not really any focus here
they don't actually really like they
already know yeah it's like they always
like they have right of way no matter
where they're going and it's like
actually I'm a car amount of time they
screamed at by cyclists with sponsorship
isn't handling a lot on the footpath but
they'll be screaming remake so angry
about life they just screaming anyone
that they see like taxi drivers are
always angry about of universal there
was always buses and just like they
think they own the roses are being
closet just quivering wrecks because
they know they're spending about a
thousand pounds for something steppings
like their car drive anywhere in London
I can't get over how much cheap the
nursery fee right here nurse we see the
half price is what they are in line yeah
my cost is a hundred pounds cheaper here
I think on that past prices are then
over our price 170 or the monster
condiment is only seventeen thousand
ones here already maybe I watch my you
say just wandering out on you and
there's no one of a bonus in there also
and I'm better about that just whenever
I'm like I'm just going to pop in there
so nothing come in either house amazing
pop also have cavitation this reminds me
service with my child to this journey or
a smell slightly strange it's quite
dirty and it's steaming up she's nice
hair doesn't change it's not really nice
do you think so yeah we're with it and
she preached
then just see a blonde woman and they
like that nobody was like oh yeah yeah
yeah like with quality attack yeah
another quality I don't care about
quality not
color right where we going right we're
gonna dance could we miss the missmizon
attention right I'm gonna get used to
that translator and I'm gonna see what
you got yeah and you totally Lincoln oh
man bbbbb in peace
you'd be KKK you know they're not
parking just come up yeah you can come
with you on my company you're so cute
where you're asked if you can expect it
as force avoids to come to home base
with me we need like practical things
like custom poles and laundry baskets
and it's a really really rainy day so
this seems like the perfect day to come
because it's never gonna be a fun trip
which laundry basket should we get honey
Oh what now how'd you find this room you
don't get much more dad live happily
here this is a perfect dad chair that's
calling that's calling my inner dad my
home base as an emotional experience
ready today let's go meet you knock down
some shelves and put some new shelves up
knock down some shelves well there's two
shelves in the baby I need to take now
do I have to look we know it just gets
what like a professional end zone in the
interest of being frugal no we're gonna
get to London tonight greater give me a
mama we're going to drive in the car
we've got to leave soon but that would
leave about 15 minutes all right let's
get ready come on Bob
we are going to a Starbucks event
tonight
so Christmas party negative who's our
little plus-one tonight isn't he yeah
they basically invited it down to some
sort of experience thing I don't even
know what the experiences are anything
about experience I only know Hannah
can't do it because she's pregnant so
it's probably caffeine related yeah
that's court mannequins just like a
super important coffee iced tea jumping
Timez yeah I think it kicks off about
6:00 so we'll be there just about when
it starts and then we're going to stay
for an hour and hour and a half and then
drive all the way back to bouncing it
I am so jealous
it is for the guys hunter told people
that get today and I can't get so I'm
pregnant before you tell us then you're
going to love it you do exactly what I
look into how you know where's Starbuck
event yeah it's really good fun I think
sexy Jewish food Cooper above my
umbrella has protein so I'm guessing
absolutely safe
and I think we are just going to jump in
car and drive home it's really weird
that like home is just 20 minutes that
way it's like four hour drive now so I
think it's going to be a pretty late one
for us tonight hopefully this one lets
us sleep in in the mornings I'm not
holding out much hope from
and I have had a very same warning
warning it's not being intentionally
snow he's been amazing this week like
one of those week place has been really
really enjoyable I feel like you've gone
through like a big speech development
saying some of the things that he's
coming up with now are absolutely
hilarious but at the same time I'm not
gonna lie I'm craving a little bit of a
long time I'm used to having my workday
like my nursery day and I'm trying to do
everything either in the evenings or
what he's with me in the moment and it's
pretty tricky I think I'm finding it -
he just some pregnant okay I'm tired
anyway I'm really loving on Nelson
really get on with my meal planning yes
being a Londoner you're always scared of
fees I seem to have taken this kind of
fear of things to bark with me I've got
cameras everywhere around the house with
motion detectors but I just got this
installed today now this is pretty cool
let me show you doorbells are pretty
dull normally he's press them they make
a noise this one's super smart so
somebody presses the doorbell button
look what happens
check this out I press the doorbell like
that ring and also notifications of your
phone and look there I am I'm recording
me recording myself how awesome is that
what did you want to do now greyspace
took my seizure and then condition and
then what are we gonna do
Priya Nagar again yeah well we're gonna
play rugby boy yeah
sooner aliens are freely back because
when Hannah's likely put that shelf up
in the baby's room like most men would
be like yeah I can do that I can handle
that but so much cry
that's a fly Piper tears I'm not much of
a man I'm afraid we're just going to put
a little to the nearest shop and get
some stuff for dinner so I'm going to
make a vegetable juice I got my name's
Gracie requested and I was like your
future requesting I'm going like that
I'm just looking at my calendar and over
the next few weeks we've got some really
good fun things planned a couple of
trips away granddad coming over we've
got the one speed relaunch and then
right at the end of it we've got a due
date for a new baby from the 31st of
August and then are welcome planning
announce run
I Sony credit just say to everyone who
is considering not voting just a vote
I'm not going to tell you who will
suggest with your vote for that's
completely up to you I'll link to a
website down below which ask you those
questions about your values and then it
will tell you what party suits your
values the most so if you're under side
by who to vote for maybe just use that
I'll link it down below you'll have to
blend it all up so that this Gracie can
hello guys oh I'm glad
I'm just making a vegetable stew
stuffing in there I feel like it's been
one of these days well I've done nothing
but at the same time I've done
everything I feel like a lot of mondays
are like that where you don't really
need the house but you you are just like
emptying the dishwasher and do my
laundry and cooking and nipping to the
shops and if you like don't really sit
down for the day but at the same time
you feel like you haven't really
accomplished a bit from one of those
days but Greg's been so good today we
have just been in a bit of crafting went
for a little walk to the shop together
hit a big bubble bus together earlier
and yeah it's been really enjoyable been
quite a good day just to be at home I
always get this point it's a weekly we
do the outro and I cannot watch the life
of me remember what the week has been
because this week has been so I feel
like it's been so busy husband but I
just I'm ready to rely down you know yes
yes the Starbucks famous New Jersey oh
yeah I went to London we went up to that
place over ok heart sort of give up nice
view I went to play great mates in
France yeah you make some friends I'm
about to the London and visited the old
house at 11:10 to add a bit of an
episode to change the subject I'm
join you for my wall touches you mean
straight vodka yes obviously you can't
say anything some will go crazy
apparently not allowed to drink straight
vodka with your program thanks for
watching remember to register to vote
all the details are down below and have
a lovely week thank you that everything
wobbles half of your constant
you
