this morning London as a fact day feels
really weird being in London on a
Saturday
oh this is a great light day and one of
my new church here when you dress and so
why am i living on a Saturday Wow
my roadshow which got cancelled in Leeds
having it in London today with lamb
blown super super stoked on top of the
Pontchartrain is my mom's birthday today
heading to San Francisco a Tuesday
didn't know whether the clause I'm going
to be like a weekend Clause rather than
a weekly Cosby you guys for the support
on my club is really really good I
thought you know what let's look at
their dicks we can see so let's do this
starting at my baby only way I know how
is Leon date fries and we went for the
by the way and he's never traveling on
vacation at home and they're really good
and I brought a matter of the day I made
him happen honestly if you're in London
get Leon those five that exact same
forever
so I got glitter on my state and the fam
is behind me and basically a glam glow
back which are so for a ministry that is
very busy and photo booth is amazing
so that was an epic fail for the vlog I
have glitter not on that side on that
side we've just seen the bottom part
which is actually just fit the side of
me and how many lovely girls came to say
hello and only went to soft-serve to get
ice cream and be most enjoyable ice
cream ever
and then we Sam stop at the top of the
rooftop and we have the most amazing to
the penalty just and I can't believe how
cheap it was it was in 18 pounds you
can't even get light means we just
didn't either
we're heading back home we really don't
want to have back home doing one fairy
but we have to head back home because
it's my mom's birthday and it's fine
because my remember has tasted 490
silicon my college I wanted so I'm just
giving him all of these tastes of London
and then he's going to come back all the
time so heading back to train station
going to get some flowers some of us
then go to dinner with mom tonight and
we have been it was my grandpa's Demaret
like a family weekend but on one of the
weather is beautiful one of those days
was like a wish I booked in any time
return but that quanta 450 pass as I
can't do that so re but yeah good women
the plan was to eat in Shoreditch when
we got so carried away
we're sorry I'm just talking about going
out behind me we were so carried away
with drinking tips that we got a second
Leon and then we're given an actual
dinner soon too
and so we just got that I got chicken
meatballs I'm sorry to move so I don't
actually see me anymore trying to
convince my brother to Lemaitre London
as well so we'll see in the pipeline one
day so yeah we are just getting the
train now but this good old leads in
some extra life in excessiveness or my
love flowers lunges with cake and
chocolate
and we made it back to Sleepy leads we
are just going for dinner never turn my
mom's birthday and we're going to a
local place by the way I love my new
jacket so images rate and how is it that
we were just starting to search degrees
from China London and now it's raining
welcome to Britain yeah we're going to
such a British pub for EM our dinner
which should be really nice also so many
amazing girls came today so thank you
she came and said hi
and children me his is so nice literally
love you all so much I have you best
followers
I
Kendra home that felt like such a crazy
rushed 24 hours let's see right the
London this morning and I never really
come back in the same day anymore
and because it was my mother's birthday
we had to come back and I'm sorry fairy
vision is what my vagina when I wrote
this is my packing pile this is what's
going to get patched tomorrow my America
trip and I need you should come too
close and cause I just wanted to get
like comfortable and I'm so proud of my
brother coming today with me to London
he absolutely smashed it the issue is
looking for googling around for my glam
glow road so the issue with chronic
illnesses is that you look for and even
if you're not and I've said it's
important to just power through from
like a mental well-being point of view
because then even if you night don't
feel good at least you can I keep
getting out even if I can really
struggled to do stir I like to walk in
stuff Bob Kyle had ice cream socialized
so happy I need to seem to make my face
market then this look at me I'm wearing
juice get your bottoms right how many of
your possible compounds have a past of
combine incline a mascara mums for our
big from Lancome look how good this love
an open event with my chair this was
like a good one
oh you rocks off so the lovely tier owns
market box at the beach subscription box
unless you use this box is a basic
collaborate with someone anything on
month for a box 26-mile what's inside
body balance tea oh wow the other names
seaweed that was so good
wow I'm gonna die you see you to spend
years ago eyelash curlers my pictures
match it something hello Olivia
battle-ax I've never heard that one
before neither in your bank's image can
discover and you brand
Pierre Claude Matic oh my goodness I bet
this is the best color ever come on
impossible for me to sell my hand so
even though my makeup looks really odd
that's rocker box and it's a monthly
subscription box and it's just really
nice because started by a little girl
and she collaborates these bloggers on
every single box and I just think it's
absolutely awesome super super girl but
I don't love this color that is a nice
spot for asking you can have lipstick
this really excited parcel game L'Oreal
Paris do you better expect ever I need a
light matte ones wait until you see how
could power house tonight
is I'm a very outlet to use the
lipsticks and cars extend right but this
shinji HD piece it feels okay Oh what's
inside the GHC story I was one of the
first people to ever you ght
did you know with some champagne 3:16
this is so cute
Thank You G HD and happy 16th birthday
I've definitely not been using THD since
I was 7 but that has got me thinking
maybe still my mom's one I was seven I
remember my mom saying that the guy done
GHD came around the salon that she was
in and basically sad this is the new
revelation how Shh an abaya at my mom
water and she's a little perfect with
her own ghd's another 16
- that was a cutest book pastor package
Thank You G congratulation anyway I will
now send it some work I have a video to
adapt morning guys I look really really
really scary wearing the Chinese ginseng
and rice clarifying polishing right from
the body shop one immigrant place where
is equal teacher which is if you check
out hashtag stop bullying and a hashtag
be cool is a movement with bloggers
we're trying to stop cyberbullying which
is I think you talked about bullying and
not many people for on here and give it
yeah the moment and solidarity and this
morning I know this wage dollars are the
mask on the last night we said it really
likes as a terror attack in London just
absolutely shocking I have no words
about how bad and how well I do have so
many words but I can we have too many
words it's just all follow I felt like
checking something wasn't actually
checking the British new this morning
like any news it's like a horror movie
this isn't just happening in Manchester
London it's happening all over the world
it's just all for like this should not
be happening I wish I was a solution and
I hope there it I just don't know what
we can do so I didn't see much I like
just doesn't feel like right go to see
one of these are dying on the streets
and but yeah that's why I got this one
you just got really sad about the whole
thing just shocking what our world is
coming to
so I'm just going to say organizing my
room and checking you constantly so time
to organize
so I made fuck you through my office and
organizing it came across less energy by
between to eat at kitchen like my
favorite place in London and solve it a
launderette laws new micro target range
which by the way is amazing and they've
teamed up with the top kitchen and with
creates a protein packed lunch I
actually really want to go and buy it so
you can go and buy it from the d-type
kitchen like Watson like spirulina over
oh wow hi Ida Mendel
oh I'm going to see that like as much as
I really just directly like factor
I bet this concealers really good did I
show you that I feel like I could show
you the what detangle brush house and
using my name on it so yeah basically
having like a day as seriously or dive
in my life I'll show you my bedroom
we're getting now where is the packing
and everything
so I've been filming all day why is it
that every time I vlog a really large
cargo stack and I have such a minute day
of packing and filming and I'm not done
yet
we're just taking a quick flick oh my
god it's so loud clearly taking a quick
late lunch break is like 4:00 p.m. and
to come diseases with my family my
grandma's birthday next week I'm not in
the country - I will be nice
take a diseases for some food so I can
be here before I go away and Maxim about
that night I'm wearing an outfit when I
absolutely hate denim skirts so this is
going to be funny
so we just got back from dinner I am
just trying on some new bits this is
kind of like a dupe of my M purple dress
I would call these like own but super
cheap put the price below is really Hugh
so passing wise will have to put in my
suitcase to do since this is such a mess
and I need to finish the filling a video
on it's like 7 o'clock traveler to the
gym so let's try and we try two more
things on see if I can grab a suitcase
and then I'm going to continue okay so I
got this for America it comes with a
choker as well
cute har I've just not fastened I
fucking can't really be bothered
just make it not see me but my likeness
tacky so I'm just packing I'm just
watching a one love and the concept that
Ariana Grande is caught on in respective
everyone that was a satisfied and
Manchester attack and it feels so
generic plans were pointed clean
dissonant I can spell it by calm
pronounce that and it's making me so
happy her in math class sweet couple
goal and she just sing with my name's
watching now on Facebook and Paris tried
to break us apart and I actually create
more love between upon which to me is
fantastic I'm very very proud of my
country right
I don't feel this had any my actually
inspired and happy to like to live life
so well the Narayana is amazing I am
Justin leave it in one day it is raining
so bad I'm going to go get my hair done
and then I just don't know how to
muscari I'm in training so glad I never
have cash I think I'm going to go get
some cash out because they just
literally feel both over them you start
in the marrying kind it's just smell
very nice really how to say me really
sad and so I'm going to have to get
blow-dry is going to be a lot of mops
work while I'm here that it gets my nail
sense right Darnell's this is experience
sample spirit tourists talk it's raining
but I have found here I love seeing so
much we like tag it so it drops but I
can wear it tonight and Wyatt tomorrow
my hand drop so quickly
using my umbrella from mini and I'm just
merely get a juicer like I need new
goodness in my life
so got ballerina on but look how proud
up my brows I got you nails from rag
doll
oh she lets us go right now just grass
mats behind me clean a the end of an era
means on the place officially made out
of lead so you just gotta have fun
cleaning away and are you just sleeping
up because he's moving out today so he
can go in our trip she's honest out it
so sad sure and Scott my hair got my
nose and now I just into my makeup my
mom's coming froze in a second and we're
going to pack our bags and then I mean
I'll buy the pack
welcome for the speculum we need to
train station Greater London and let me
have an advantage let me out tonight
I'm writing a that was such a rush we
got the train run to the hotel got ready
it I am actually wearing this and I'm
looking bottom and had my patty my
eyebrows understand and Amanda chest the
grant of the coolest trophy Awards with
black liner mixed swim
I see I was out back okay let you quit
field happened 20 years per half we had
the car
well if you want to do that you're going
to take your head silver we also had the
Jaden
so we are just in the Loreal Calder
Trophy Award you have fun and I love
people one and what one person spotlight
of a regional thanks well it had lots of
champagne but mainly I approached months
to get ready to find doesn't he look
great
and now the news the astronomic and then
we have a flight the crash in San
Francisco in America their island guys
which cannot hotel I have no makeup on
and we're going to hello tired last
it's so funny I was packing my suitcases
might when I got em and I literally have
my favorite Laurie I push my ass bear
with me just ignore my face how I've got
really dark eyebrows and they make one
it looks fine when I've got makeup on
London is so rainy this morning like
horrendously so I'll show you my view do
not what you want unachieved in morning
but the good news is we are just about
to head to Gatwick Airport
taxis are so expensive in it with 225
pounds we have four bags and it's also
raining so we've got an added for me
which is weirdly was cheaper not like
much cheap about 225 pounds now
available but no so it's been served and
it's because it put like a surge on
since the morning so that's what we're
going to do I'm going to put some forms
makeup on and then yeah well literally
company but guys the airport I'm fine
with Norwegian so excited
so we are just in the number one form
and when you fly premium is illegal me
kappa we have a bit of a nightmare
you're exactly 2 silliman and the wait
eventually fall here and we don't really
have much time I'm going to quit agree
to arbitrate and because of your
sunglasses and I went up as a shape but
don't have time
all right let's go see and have a quick
sharp maximization watch party so I
really really quickly round to world
youichi free unless to die Wow one of
them deal from glasses for eight innings
in ages but the ones everyone has do not
leave me at all if I got these and I'm
just holding them I'm in a really busy
and and I just told them to show you the
exact one dozen cans and I got these on
that disappoints that the packaging is
one very much like the white you're
packaging but it have so I'm creating
from work and and look where each
trailer starts my days like a facial
they do like three facials Internet
onion in the Apple majorly down don't
like free facials and everything and I
did Jenny my hand my father no one seems
to know that it was free as well and
they asked myself and deal you know you
can work and then defy it was no need
any so excited
so we are on the feeling we're going
with Norwegian I love the candy offer
when you can write your wife cross
across to the drain arms did I mention
that Norwegian and my need basically
supply with evidence I live in Florida
it's just so cool and so we will see you
guys and some system
