okay google play jazz for cooking you
play jazz customer come on everyone Joe
so get back with a vlogging grind oh
nip-slip now I wonder if broccoli and
spinach is a good idea for breakfast
no it's not it is it's my hot tub right
so I had one of those days guys where
I'm feel a bit like not deflated but
just I go for days where I'm
reproductive and getting out there and
doing stuff getting things done on my
to-do list then I have days where I'm
just solved it sounds really bad I don't
ever say it because I know that Caspar
wheeler has told you so but there is
time as well I genuinely get a look
really like look at a tiny head and a
massive body hang on there's times where
I do I'm going to lie I do feel quite
lonely it got to a point where I'm
genuinely considering of maybe getting
it like a dog as a companion I was doing
some sort of like quiz who are day to
try and find out what dog is compatible
for me to live with so explained off see
where I live how many hours a day that
I'm hello coming hello hello
hi Joe I heard you were lonely low which
yeah I think what legs okay step resent
you right now my new apparently this is
my new roommate
okay Google huh say hello hi can I do
for you oh okay Google who is Joe sugg
according to Wikipedia Joseph Graham
shall give the British youtuber
filmmaker author and the logo that makes
me sound so legit
okay Google who is cast believe
according to Wikipedia Capra Richard
George Lee known as Caspar Lee is a
British born South African YouTube
personality longer an actor that is also
true
okay Google who is Josh Peters sorry I
don't know how to help with that yet but
I'm still learning
oh sorry Josh okay Google do you ever
get angry our G body just isn't worth
the hassle to be honest that's perfect
you win that one
okay Google so you like to party the
first thing you need for any part is
kazoo yes just kazoos okay not only is
it a special day because I now have a
new roommate in terms of the manual
Google home friend but it's also my Nana
and granddad fifty-five year anniversary
fifty-five years
it just seems it creeps me fifty-five
years the same person I don't know if I
can do that might not a granddad have
been to go 55 years I think is blue
sapphire one of the ones that's named up
a Pokemon game emerald is the end of
their emeralds anniversary so I'm gonna
FaceTime my granddad granddad hey grando
Oh pull the wrong family member wrong
number right let's try again
it's foggy misty bodies oh all right
happy anniversary thank you very much no
problem
emerald right fifty-five
Clemmie no you didn't want to get
yourself some emerald earrings as well
then Grindr too much all right then
Congrats on your emerald emerald
anniversary yeah I'll beat you soon yeah
all right yeah no dick Oh hung up on me
okay cool there you go nothing about
that everyone I've come shopping to find
a present a moving in gift for my new
roommate
dingo cue out vendors fine stuff myself
again I'm useless they'll care for ice
cream look at their cones ready to go
look Oh it's a wedding
right so I'm back now and as you all
know I didn't match that present for my
new roommate I'm sure she can't actually
hear me I think we're all right but I
just realized I've got something in my
drawer which is a perfect present for
the new roommate so Europe perfect hey
Google do you love me you make my
algorithm feel fuzzy yeah well you're in
for a real treat because I've got your
present hey Google I have a surprise
this fax might surprise you I saw on the
Guardian cognitivist 2017
ten archer is the oldest living
cricketer from Australia at 89 that's
great but I've got a surprise for you
are you ready for this now I did wrap it
up but tada it's a European adapter plug
which means that we can go travelling
together around Europe Casper and I
never went travelling together I thought
that was one thing that we didn't do
which we should have done when we were
roommates I know I'm sorry I can't get
on about him just do it let's go
traveling together what do you say hey
Google what makes you happy I like
learning Victorian slam back in the day
a nose burger meant someone who went to
the beach and didn't share their
families with anyone else
um well it's not quite Victorian slang
but it no enjoy how you like it there he
is
mr. Caspar Lee why you wearing
sunglasses because I'm cooler than your
current remains
no joy oh I told you that's not cool man
my lyrium is got everything covered top
of his head look cool actually her eye
noticing you look this worried even
though we're not even like roommates
anymore and having been so like how long
now almost two years yeah but it doesn't
feel like that my mom didn't even know
we broken up until like three days ago
you broken up my son's very weird I'm
sorry okay so I thought we'd do a very
very quick old versus new roommate
challenge don't don't don't don't
okay google play me some tense music
okay third game is to tell me a joke
supposin to make me laugh out of google
home versus Kathie Lee is the winner
okay Google tell me a joke okay here you
go
scientists recently discovered a new
dinosaur that was very intelligent right
look it is called a thesaurus okay
that's quite good
you Ike asthma off you pop why is six
Afraid of seven
because seven ate nine factually isn't
it okay this round is called a Google
race cash bags on his phone right now
and I am using of course Google home
we're going to try and see who can find
information the cricket to answer my
question Casper are you ready you're on
Google search engine mm-hm
the first question is okay Google what
is 7 times 12 7 by 12 is 84 84 oh ok
Google who was the last king of France
here's a summary from the website
biography really full of glory became
the country's citizen King remains a
DeLorean do you I think you got that
yeah you type so quick thank for this is
long fingers into action I'm actually
quite sure we may know if you live a
DeLorean
ok Google wait 4 times 12 4 by 12 is
created oh I don't know if you've got
that next up we're getting a travel
agent challenge I'm going to try and
book a flight somewhere because we go
try and find me a cheaper flight before
I file and through Google home let me go
to my website hey Google find me later
after them this Friday on turret flight
from London to Amsterdam leaving July
21st and coming back July 23rd start at
okay I need to track the life of the
cheapest flights on those dates and send
you an email if it changes yes please oh
I've got yes 555 powers joy good gbt to
it but I think I've ma'am also just
booked a flight to Amsterdam okay so I
think it's safe to say Casper that you
pretty much sucked it with challenges
and my new roommate actually beat you on
google Doozers
okay so Casper and I are actually going
out tonight so it's time to cook some
dinner do know it cooks game on eggs I'm
starving
ok Google how do you cook Gabe or nays
on my website good Sunoco dot uk'
they say good young in an oil in a large
pan and fry over a fairly high heat for
3 to 4 minutes chopping board fry so
they both drowned as a master has been
heard and group for another couple of ok
wait oh wait Marco beef stock tomato
ketchup a puree was this resource and
seasoning did you go up oh I hate my
life that's the one thing you have which
she doesn't yeah hands buddy big ones at
that
hey Google set a timer for eight minutes
sure eight minutes and here we go three
now we've got time pressure on us ok
Google Play jazz for cooking
can you play jasmine
there we go see that timer's going off
which means the mint to drama started
it's almost ready but did or ok Google
shut up see works right that level in
our relationship we can just saw take of
a child which is really one of them you
have to build it up yeah it's right I
should we've got we got banter
they never call me chef SOG for no
reason right you're gonna really that is
unreal Oh before I want to make take
Google how do you say thank you to tell
you yeah yeah close to you I gotta go
how do you say you're welcome in Italian
named Hegel hey Google how do you say i
poisoned your food in Spanish you're in
big another salami dad what are you
doing
why I'm a guy you serious you don't need
a kid I'm a real person
actually feels dude nope was it the
spitball neighs okay yeah it should read
Barrett you booking flights and stuff
you're still you're still Casper you
know you're still my widget you're still
the original just such a slow door right
there you go
turns out obviously capper is not a
roommate still forward you miss him a
lot
Google home it's also I guess kind of
roommate war room in Casper is at the
moment because it actually is better in
the task but opposite of reality of it
is you know it's not a proper roommate
but it doesn't bring a good job at a lap
another anyway guys I'm going to end
this book here if you enjoyed it give a
thumbs up subscribe you haven't already
but remember well the two dishes you
wash initially sleepiness did give a
thumbs up subscribe and I will see you
very very soon with it with another vlog
I remember I'm not a Monday and more
daily vlogger disrespectful
