so maybe thinking Joe you can't marry
I'm not like you get married now you
other one will cause of its needing them
oh no you're only wearing them the
election today Joe voted for the first
time do or a suits the politics in the
first time we know Halloween I'm old
I've ever since I was a dude no I vote
but that's not why I'm wearing this sari
shop sneaking the goose I'm now consul I
hate me like you've got really bad hay
really about here to erase boundaries
I've seen five times like user like
you've got really bad hay fever you
missed these needs if I recognize 27
times I make him wear grunting noise and
like country noise yell about the
walking dead start the hospital
what's another Walking Dead side so
Mikey very buddy red I feel like I've
got some sort of coming great cookbook
or match Oh Mikey three glam for next
year anyway Ross Duke Raptors now I have
what about showered and left I mean no
kill come I just hope he'll come already
I'm looking to like but here we go we're
off to go to be Casper and then head off
to earth where we do it we go pole
dancing yeah yeah one of my pastimes Jan
another sort of a party if only my only
like to knit many in the pen well all I
will that's what I bought what is new I
bought a bag sort of new one pound coin
show now you're just shocking appear you
jingyan around the pole someone will up
know as I have about the vibe right
laughs I'm going forgot what's wrong
with these have to take your glasses off
mammal well you're looking like a celeb
today oh my word I've got it you can't
see it well you know what is it I don't
know ah ah
I don't know this literally whenever I
blink yeah it just makes my eye water
there's something in your eye I don't
think I said hold it is called your
eyeball
crying like that one
Danielle how you dress today
wait aren't you oh yeah or did you like
some progressed in and so to explain
what happened sorry but did you or did
you not wear a dress in a suit I did
thank you or you're the judge in my new
video coming out Sunday on Casper see
everyone thinks that I did to go went
and voted today no no I did it I went in
tracksuit bottoms in a hoodie of no
jokin viruses they thought I was going
to rob the place on this mate
conjunctivitis
your that will ping wise and why i think
josh is behind a pillar for my what
women know how you get pinkeye that's
just a the other day Josh I was saying
testimony of shares and grants and join
him at nowhere call my name was her
route he bent over Paul his bun Chee's
wide apart oh yeah that's funny how you
got pinkeye oh my god that's disgusting
I'm getting thing kind of thinking about
the thing I don't get pinkeye got to get
magenta I admit conjunctivitis I reckon
I mean eyepatch ro Ariela
why clinic in sailors MT is not to Mikey
oh you need say line you need saline
solution and it was though it's like
I've insight get straw in my eyes all
the time when I catch it I'll catch it
by the way and you pour it in your eyes
I don't like build tube things you pull
Magi one and it washes your eye up I
love how there's like an election going
on about the past the house of
parliament
yeah we're here singing the tide is high
but we're holding on we are all ego
holding on Caesar
here we go this is it look like some
sort of festival going on I'll get
office plants like various plants oh no
everyone's wearing suits I fit in here
in Westminster like a cool little tin
foil shield phone the big people the
disabilities live in the world
big boy oh well wonderfully whatever's
about me
we're lucky how we're going to scream
I'm so gonna get simple we're good man
this is not saying goodbye look at
castles I is a dodgy left guys I'm
actually very very scared right now why
are we doing the happy squeak wait we're
stuck we're stuck we're not in yet
oh my god he's got a K wrong he's all
right really oh yeah baby let's get
naked going toe to toe toe toe toe toe
toe job
mush mush it's so close you're going
wrong anymore yellow and clock so
captain got conjunctivitis
we've got pinkeye ready in a flare
harmony okay no clue where all that took
a big old hit land reading wonder one of
your empty bill I just forgot your weed
and again they watch our on that they
want to go to their yeah e tonight
nothing to hold on oh boy good look at
those socks me what are you wearing I
honestly feel like a bunch of the
wedding lap dance of my life right now
film what is going on hot right look at
our G that is eating into yours
I can't believe this kid he's stuffing
these to stuff his pants with sauce
Mikey it's not going to work did you
think they're gonna see this blog and no
your tree yeah that is right Jonas well
it turned out that you're eating that oh
no put it away put it away put it away
cry
okay all right Harry Potter sorry Joe
nice bro killin em swells good idea oh I
know you talkin about 15,000 times well
there's a rap here at oh dang oh dang
pineapple express their pineapples
videos the dance studio is it's been
lipped grant you've been crazy because
Mike even sweaty and Casper you've been
well Casper oh look because this is you
look please consider our neighbours and
keep the noise level to a minimum I've
never heard you scream so loud during my
video all right
you look two-minute who talk tomorrow
drop your log doubtless I'm going to
instead I do not trust outlet yeah take
off the wrong floor all oh my god how
embarrassing
what I'm very sim you got the wrong ball
low hi guys as you see I returned back
home
say goodbye to Mikey but my teacher came
back round mine a little bit later we're
going to start I've started a new sort
of series you can tell my gaming channel
where I want to play lots of old-school
like vintage games that I play growing
up or ones that you suggest to me via my
social media channels like Twitter and
main mainly Twitter let's be honest and
then I'm going to play them and see if
they're as good now as they were back in
the day so you have any suggestions of
also games used to love growing up as a
kid leave it in a comment section below
and I will go through that pick the best
ones or ones that I can get hold off
I'll pick this up of little cheeky meal
deal it wasn't the mill dopes I didn't
get the drink or the snack with it but
I've got a sausage bacon egg triple
because I'm living the life on the edge
today I'm still trying to pack the
weight on and I'm finding it hard being
ill I found it very difficult to take a
map site back but and I've gone for this
the next day now and our on Ali's house
more but we do know things don't day and
leave Italy or the arrow keys B then I
go there and watch TV over my food
George that's how ill like wheat I'll
share it with you we're about to fill
our gut Oh God
I will I'm going joke it up why you
dressed like a sailor
hey Joyce you've got it did you get a by
boat q9 boarding school bedroom out okay
this is a I'm not gonna lie I feel quite
bad because I've just arrived
I'm an hour late all he wants to film
nobody ever move even like I'll do it
joy no but I've already late and I'm
having my lunch sorry
Oh mr. Scott Scott that lounger what one
I made choices in Casper's aspirin Josh
Byron and crime-ridden Jim Georgie I
don't envy you I and I've logged into
custody counter-strike and I'm gonna
ruin all the stats anything
so yeah I'll come see you this yeah fine
moving out getting that reaction back
that my Samoa click there you want to
see the whole deal
whatsoever
we're looking here up to that the
Grahams my motivation
you might see it
we're gone tonight are legion strong
ah
so you can make us unique yeah yeah
totally long right hey Dave right now
I'm going for dinner
okay right guys so time to change um
I've some Howard but ginger hair I
started that Josh leave Josh on his own
look Josh
Hey look us that coming here we're like
12 well that well I make a little
brother
I mean we're twinsies viewers talk I
like a mini jaunty sir I'm halfway there
I can't tell you how funny you look
without her we were brought up with all
that Canada's hat
so after dick we're just getting ready
now in brassiere boys what do you think
about this up odd bro the blue saw
hitting the game dude this does yeah you
look great
then they went out at home and went to
bed I've got in the blog clearly so yeah
future Joe sugg here cleaning up for
past Osaka cotton to end a blog anyway I
hope you enjoyed it if you did get a
thumbs up subscribe if you haven't
already and I will see you tomorrow with
another vlog because I got like three or
four line up ready to go we're on track
ch is good bye remember I'm not daily
blogger right
