hey good morning everybody being a bit
quiet because it's like 6:00 something
in the morning I'm off to the gym I
actually look like a better supposed to
be at 2 at 7 and if I can't deserve an
unlucky the gingery posted me so I have
no going
Tarn was supposed to coming with me but
keep movin but without last night and
smoke dinner we didn't have or I can
have much Terry had like there's two
drinks we have really without much
doughnuts in and out and do of us and
and I didn't really like actually took a
bit carried away when we stood up and
when I started heading home
that she got a mental destruction is
really kind of them loud and sizable and
what to do everything it's not gin let's
go to the class this isn't one no I'm
going to bed but she was really you know
really up for and then she'll into bed I
went to brush my teeth
by the time I got back to the room she
was one asleep like that
I totally out cold and then when I got
into bed I did it in a bit hello I feel
sick so although we were supposed to
train together because new thing we want
to start working out together once there
was because some um but yes she got
completion should really come over so
she oh she I work out at six you a
couple five I think that tommy was you
know giving her issued she's not feeling
very well so she really got the dog of
five and I bought her a better person is
not fooling the dog in like kind of peak
position so I've left her to it when I
go work out so for here today let's have
a good one
good more than certainly love you so off
with my glute activation still a little
bit of us looking good for us then
trusting in what a brand flavors are as
we know everything so today is own
legs donated us take days so I start by
warming up my glutes and I can affect it
and actually if it look ridiculous but
it really does target you so I do want
it now I hate it I don't hate it they
make a thing clearly and does nothing
there's a really tough thing to do it's
a big muscle they take you quite a lot
of blood or oxygen
I just gets hot sweat and stay away I've
done one set and we do not be doing that
right and deadlift
we're not heavy you know trunk what
we're not happy there's lunges which are
moderately heavy well I'll read next one
sit down it's armed with me everything
we're doing it we do not fall body kind
of intense that Barnes that's weighted
thing I'm sorry holy shit I don't even
see I'm 40 all over my face but I like
my skin's you get smoky scene I did an
top well even we didn't really go super
heavy we finished with like it was just
again people now in as many settlement
eight solid single friendly
10 and it was on a soft I was doing I'm
can't breathe again
people were Josh hold on just now have
our 1520 nameplate room 2289 throats for
a pass so ever I'm holding in love then
I'm going to go home and play my part of
your day ok about 10 past 10:00 I have
these breakfast of showers ready and
I'll go to the office to glean for a
very very big meeting and I'm gonna bond
with making the dog down here I don't
have to take her with me and Karen who
the dog walker would usually be coming
to look after her while I'm away by text
this morning saying you know what I
really want my dog today I want to take
you into the office and and kind of just
have absolutely make people happy
because you just really cute little
things I'm taking a renter to brighten
people's days up but first she needs
good for a food come on don't you go
who's me good girl not see you ready for
adventure not really are you
Martha Martha Martha
hello ready for a little playdate
doesn't care at all so let me show you
my look for today I went into the
bedroom to get changed and we've had
times in there on a phone call so I had
to change really quickly it's just
occurred to me I'm wearing all black and
I left you like God but I love this
jumper it's by coach as part of their
like Gary Bateman collaboration and it's
got a recall skull on it black jeans are
believed eyes and then the boots are and
suede dr. Martens I'm not at all I've
also got this bag here well which is
also by coach and I'm obsessed with it
because it has a section for my laptop
and it's got a big old bit for and you
know general stuff like dog stuff and
then front pocket for why isn't charging
cables and things we're in the list on
our way up
I've got a feeling must get away because
she knows to go by a door but ops we
must explore
I don't be shows what ball to go by the
last time she went by the glass door my
meetings at house don't we kiddo hey
excitement continuum come on Danny go
goodies to this me so relentlessly good
bad wolf big bucks big bark hey buddy
come on the other my nigga once but you
shouldn't but she'll come down on a
minute II hope they hide everyone she's
so happy to think though I actually just
Instagram story and mentioned that Jenny
peens the to people when you get no TV
from Emma and so on and look I'm happy
that she do missions all done that she
was an exciting welcome it
she's so happy is he adorable who you
spend the day together today yeah just
had a very successful meeting I like to
think and also today's the day you could
say is Tuesday be hunting fifth of what
month we in April May April April and
I'm finally able to tape up a book
videos going out to night you're
promising this video in a few days time
so I can finally tell you about it and
I'll link to that the demos you can
check it out on hear all about it both
call 247 things basically full of 147
things from the inside of my brain kind
of covered everything from
little anecdotes that lessons I've known
through life to the science of
heartbreak and there's bits on testicles
and there's bits on bumblebees and does
everything that I find exciting and
fascinating and yeah really fun to tell
about it and I hope you had like it is
but I'm not sure when the finger is
going up but if it if there's time I'll
put a link to a website and go to check
out it's running for a hundred forty
seven hours if they do a little survey
where I'm collecting information and
then writing things about it in the book
there's also other information going to
be on that website too for like cover
announcements and tour dates and all
that stuff as we find out so yeah also a
link to pre-order if you want to
preorder it it's good I like it I've
been told it's a good book by people who
are reading it so um yeah really happy
to finding it's tell you about it so
check out that video because it's
totally worth watching and explain that
much better than I just did
we're leaving because somebody here
can't stop barking
whenever the door goes at homes you
bought their own office the doors
constantly going so she's liking a lot
so we're taking a home because it's just
not conducive to a work environment is
it huh you're going home okay
I ended up not taking my home Aston's
didi take mother home because they did
going to work from home and seeing as
Tom chemically off it and although 1ups
into a time I haven't really seen her
much lately we've gotta be like parking
ships I've been getting home and she's
been going out and vice-versa so we're
actually going to steal a few hours and
then hang out and do something nice for
thinking afternoon tea or are you sure
yet but I kind of think I'm not going to
film this bit because I want quality
time with milady
so a little bit
I'm back home we may have to steal a few
hours we actually went to Claridge's for
afternoon tea and it was lovely but now
who ate your teeth I'm not getting any
work done so I'm back in the office I'm
going to open my lap so if I've got a
ton of us replied to I'm going to write
some book I'm getting toward the end of
it I'm currently at like 85 thousand
words which is actually more than I'm
supposed to written I still got quite a
lot to do in I'll burn through and edit
loads out well that being said my editor
who I'm working with on the book who
basically reads everything I write and
make suggestions and helps me to focus
ideas said that seems really good so
he's not really is not it might be
longer than motivated basically and
you're going to do some of that divine
you nap top because when I was in LA my
laptop kind of exploded again explode
but just stopped working so I managed to
reach them and I'd actually had written
about three days worth of book stuff
that then went missing and that do it
all over again and then since then I've
been back home that like a week and a
half and I have to
it just keeps freaking out on me and
I've had it for three and a half years
no 2014 I bought it at the 14 15 16 yeah
but it for a long time and I use it
every single day so I think a lighting a
new one now it's kind of a noise this
one's pretty proud but um it's just
hanging in there is that over the
weekend I had to arrange everything do a
total hard reset or did the entire
Hardware ever start again but it still
isn't working properly so have to get a
new laptop and then I have these two
these three photos here let me show you
these these are all my step that Brian
who actually passed away in February and
these are the only photos I have of him
because he wasn't really a man who likes
being in front of the camera it was only
behind the camera he wasn't good with
cameras but I miss him and I haven't got
any magic Rafic evidence of him anywhere
I believe I'm not even the best most
like a client of him so annoyingly I
bought these frames which are actually
too small for the photo so that's an
ultra
yeah that's right there and then I'm
going to watch Star Wars I forget the
names the orders they come in but I told
you that in my last vlog that I'm doing
this um script writing course and I've
got a mountain of films and TV shows to
watch so I've watched God by the 1 & 2
I've watched a few others or so or the
first one which is a new hope right and
now I'm watching this massive water
second one which years Empire Strikes
Back I want to say I can't remember the
order they come in don't watch that
tonight maybe two films but I can get
out of it yeah that's what I'm doing
that so I'm going to quickly come up
these photos and then get a load of
writing done I'm getting towards the end
of Star Wars Airport right back at the
time is now 8 o'clock so my video and
now seeing my book went live an hour ago
and the website still crashed which is
really really exciting like I didn't
know because you know lots of youtubers
have written books now and I don't know
I just kind of I didn't wasn't expecting
that reaction I can't some people go
yeah well done congratulations I didn't
know everyone would kind of go up to the
website and click and show the support
and do the survey and there's another
little section where you can write your
name and hopefully get your name the
book I'm picking like 147 names to go in
the book and yeah an hour on and the
website still crashing it's just really
really lovely to know that you care that
much so thanks very much never really
appreciated it I'm really excited I was
worries had a meeting with gleam this
morning and we're talking about you know
announcement book and everything else
that I'm just worried that no one's
gonna care of what really hardness is no
longer than I thought or if no one that
actually wants to read it in it but yeah
it is really nice to know that you do so
thank you very much
if you are watching this now and you try
to do the website thing before you
couldn't because I get keeping you off I
understand it be prostrating and if you
haven't tried again maybe try to die and
in my my work this time
it will be you know day also since that
video alive and there should be less
traffic on the website now but just
thanks it's really cool hey good morning
so it's the next day now and I realized
that I actually got to end yesterday's
video after Star Wars I just kind of
went to bed I must tell you that so yeah
so you didn't miss much
I'm going to quickly show you up here
I've put my pictures of Brian up or two
of them are up here look into one with
my niece and nephew and one on my
wedding day and there's another one of
Mama Brian's wedding day up in my office
just so you know he's got someone nice
to sit in the house now
yeah that's they I'm going to end the
video now thanks very much for watching
all the website updates by the way
shortly after filming that clip saying
I'll make the try when you watch this
video the editors a Mactan villain
remind my publishers there were
particular websites and did something to
it which means but it shouldn't crash
anymore so yeah and also I think it kind
of you know it's the moment you announce
it and you release it that's when the
massive influx goes in so yeah you
should be
be safe nothing on you go check it out
so once again thank you so much for your
support
it's amazing see you soon like
