hey it's Billy and it's pat and here's a
little recap of some fun stuff we did
this weekend hello
it's Sunday we are in the backyard
because we are going to do some planning
for what we want to do with the backyard
long term so this summer hi Billy we're
kind of prepping so you can see it's
like what did you describe the backyard
like the backyard is basically like
Pride Rock after scar takes over it just
is like a dead zone it's a lot of
students use to park their cars back
here at last one on they got four or
five cars parked in the yard for years
so this yard needs to be rototilled we
have a lot of work to do right at the
end of summer because that's kind of
when you want to put any grass down
before the colder weather yeah so that
next summer we can just start straight
with like design yeah so what we're
doing now is we're measuring all the
cussing shed we got to get rid of too
we're doing some measurements so that
when we wrote a till we have a kind of
planned out because I think what we're
going to do is put some like raised
planter beds right along the driveway to
kind of like frame it out and we can
grow vegetables we don't have to put
them into cotton like we've been doing
so we're just going to kind of you know
do some prep now make really good so I
can look at them with my shirt off okay
so this would go ten feet three inches
so we're measuring to see where these
like metal planters that we found online
that we think you want to get like how
they would look and how many we would
need and how much that may cost with you
know Brian is in the window being really
adorable hey buddy
was that about 8:30 in the morning and
I'm down at silo city for
creativemornings things that happens a
lot of different cities just where
people from the creative community can
come and get together and either speaker
or any kind of network and they're at
very cool settings of this one is at
silo city and we're going to go on to
this boat that's been restored they're
doing some performances and things this
weekend which I think Billy and I are
going to go to later but it should be
fun and I'm giving a 30-second pitch
about some projects that I'm working on
so wish me luck
we're back at silo city on the SS
columbia our friend brad is here if
you're working on the project i'll put
some links in the video description so
you can learn more about it like we're
getting a little tour of the boat and
the restoration and then i think we're
going to have drinks and nibbles what do
you think of the ballroom is awesome
looks really cool
you want to dance okay came upstairs to
our back balcony hi Billy so we could
kind of show you the backyard a little
bit more in full so it's a nice shape we
kind of have this big rectangle with a
little extra part over there at the end
of the driveway probably all of your
garage back in the day yeah which we had
it that you have out that'd be nice but
that will add that to the bucket list
but what are you thinking for back there
Billy so we're going to do two metal
planters like on each side of the
driveway just to start we really have to
get to rototilling and the brass sounds
that summer and fall like next summer
we're going to do a lot more of the
landscaping outside putting a fence in
but fun things the fun things so right
now we got to do like the crucial things
that are like end of season have to get
the grass going yeah so we do know we
want to get these two planters in and
that is a good start
yeah I think it will like really frame
things out and we'll start to be able to
fill in and visualize like oh that's
where we want to put it feeding and over
here is where we want to put a hot tub
and I really like it because it's
corrugated metal planters which I too
might have Iceland I love that kind of
like the wavy metal kind so this is to
be a little more sturdy than wood so if
here we thought for that
we've got to get to work so thanks for
joining us for another little weekend in
recap of what we've been up to
I guess we'll be making more of these
right cool but we'll see you soon bye oh
thank you Vanna
now just get to making all this look man
okay I should crash
