feels really good to be home I took a
sleeping pill last night because the jet
lag is the way around so that I should
be waking up late in the morning and
finding it hard to get to sleep at night
which is kind of what I'm like normally
but I thought I'd better get a good
night's sleep on the first night home so
I hope through the jet lag is not too
bad so I did actually sleep really well
but I woke up really early which is very
odd me so I feel like I should make be
productive with my morning I've still at
so much John pack I mean look at the
mess is like almonds everywhere stuff
everywhere so I need to sort all of this
out I think rich is working from home
today and I've got a couple of bits to
do and then I'm seeing my friends and I
and I haven't seen them in so long so
I'm really excited for that it eats
straighten my hair washed it last night
and left it it's all kinky so you're
happy to be home and I've got lots to
get on with I just finished my la
lookbook as took so long to edit even
there's any two minutes long here's a
little preview that will be going up on
sunday the ninth of august so i hate you
guys are like that video jet lag hit and
i had to have lunch at like half ten i
let you just our pastor off 10 is really
weird I'm just doing my makeup though
and i'm using something you put up so i
bought in LA I've just used the it
cosmetics CC cream but i like it it's
quite like thick though not sure if i
love the texture i'm also not sure the
colors perfect mates and shade lights a
little bit dark which is weird what do
you like it i'm gonna see how it goes
throughout the day i'm also trying to
sonia kashuk clear brow gel and the
applicator you can see here is like
really long and quite firm which is a
bit different to the anastagia one and
it's also quite not as wet though so I
do quite like it I'll see how hard it
means my eyebrows because I don't like
it when they go to crispy ok I am I
already mentioned this but me and rich
hopefully hopefully moving to our own
place soon these sort of things take so
long though it's been in the works since
februari and it still not really
confirmed to I probably shouldn't be
talking about it but I'm heading over to
our potential new place now to do some
measurements
have my little handy measuring tape
measuring tape measuring tape that's
what it's called and so I'm gonna head
over there now because I have the keys
for the day I'll tell you guys properly
when it's all kind of confirmed and
happening and very exciting very
grown-up
hey although I still feel really weird
and spaced out we are heading out
tonight with the lovely people at Toms
kitchen are putting on like a little
evening event for me and my five friends
or that's if rich if I'm going to enrich
as a friend my girlfriend's boyfriend
okay we'll be friends so rich germeau
been SJ rabia or going for this dinner
at Toms kitchen in Canary Wharf and I
think we're gonna like sit in the
kitchen get involved some of the cookie
and it sounds so fun and I've eaten at
Toms kitchen before I really like it but
there should be a full-on experience and
rich quickly before we go if you need to
show more what I'm wearing photos I just
whacked on whatever was cleans all my
clothes are dirty but I kind of kind of
like this ensemble come on maestra three
of Scotland bag this they can moon
everything that I've all last year from
Topshop topshop cami black jeans and
office sandals and I'm feeling like
definitely dressed for LA and not London
fellow well crush up Orion sleep so
thought I would sorry i just put gum in
my mouth so I tell you what lipstick I'm
wearing because if you saw my drugstore
haul with
my were in Canary Wharf now which is
just like a concrete jungle where I
should get a parking which is office as
he works on here I just hit this photo
of the moody sky I obviously like Phil
fit it to death on Instagram but I love
like putting a structure up high when
there's clouds something a bit so
proceed
charities like so tyrannies 70 offices
place that a my waist really said what
you want to have dinner I'm not sure how
much they aren't gonna be eating
say Tom's kitchen each course of your
dinner will be a surprise no man is
needed we have this setback love team of
chefs did hard work so this is my second
Mike Jason my new of the week if I went
in LA to taste the kitchen we had seven
courses of maximize it's also got a
thing that say we have to guess what the
ingredients are the star to remain in
the first new wins in design cookbook
for like jam is going to win she's
really good with foodie things no
pressure
so we just met rich the chef and he told
us about his life what is good with that
call the starter no no yeah that one
whose news Boosh it's like it makes your
mouth goodnight so you may design
ricotta he just explained how I won't
try repeated but it looks delicious
again dig in
Fred like nice little like Christmas ok
the end was pretty excited
so we're not allowed to know what this
is we're just eating and guessing and
like Gemma by writing away like teachers
pet costumes I think she's as well
absolute little heat hour ago oh right
yeah okay this is round two main course
go any guesses yet oh right no no that
is not lamb I don't know what laughs
like that we would be we've all handed
in our sheets and we're desperate to
know what meet it was just we really
husband in every way we're now heading
into the kitchen to make sure the
mushroom yeah I don't like to put
mushrooms yeah business right walk
mushrooms vegetables laughs it was dark
I got that right I won't let me be the
spell
out of purchase
we had such a nice evening that was
really lovely did you guys have a nice
time maybe it amazing uh yeah good Rob
rich nice time good time had by all now
to head home for a good stuff good
morning today is a mainly a stay at home
and do some work day I was out yesterday
here my face I without yesterday
afternoon so I need to do a bit of
filming today Phil mean a very exciting
announcement video which I think should
have gone up by now I won't say just in
case it hasn't but I think it went up
yesterday so go and check that out if
it's already up and I'm going to film a
first impressions video that's going up
on Thursday then i'm going to edit both
of those and i'm going to do some blog
posts and tonight I'm going out so I'm
going to vlog today it's really not an
interesting data vlog but i'm going back
to suffolk for the weekend which is a
riches farm for his sister's birthday
and i won't really want to vlog that so
today is kind of the only other day to
vlog this week hasn't been the most
exciting week but i know you guys don't
really mind okay the first thing I need
to do is sort out this hair of mine um
it's definitely much easier to
straighten in the morning I've had my
Brazilian blow dry but I still need to
do it because otherwise it looks like
let me get it down for you this is what
it looks like so it's still obviously
kinky and like a little bit frizzy I
normally just kind of straighten it and
then put a bit of curl in it so I'm
going to sit here with my straighteners
and my iPad this is normally when i
watch youtube videos I was just watching
James Corden take a break I love the
James Corden youtube channel for the
late late show and the take a break
segment is just my favorites hilarious
and you just put up a new one it was so
good I'm gonna stop filming and I just
feel in my bedroom now I used to kind of
worried more about backdrops and stuff
but at the moment it's not really
priority for me I'm just worried more
about not worried but not concerned
thinking more about the content rather
than the background because I haven't
really got any one particularly nice to
film in this house so I'm just gonna
forget about that sound it's just
setting up my camera I'm gonna have like
one light just on the side because i
think the the circle in the eye thing
can get a little bit
and also it means the lights quite close
to your face which i think when with
makeup tutorials can kind of change the
color of the makeup so this is very very
simple old-school setup and i think i'm
just going to get started just in case
you've ever wondered how the pros do it
it's in tracksuit bottoms using dirty
washing basket as a table
yeah finished video 1 and that was
really fun Ashley it's like a first
impressions video and I don't do those
that often and it's kind of fun to have
no plan and just talk user now I need to
film my announcement video which I'm
probably just going to do on this camera
I'm really moving today finally got my
sight back since I go back from LA I've
just like wanted to eat pasta at weird
times of the day and so I just went to
pick up some sushi for riches working
from home so what's on for hand and my
sister who works from here we will work
from like the same house I got cucumber
maki salmon and avocado and spicy tuna
I'm just editing the first impressions
video that I just filmed I'm wearing my
glasses because I'm really my life
that's terrible these days with Roman I
can't really see and believe in my old
glasses so they probably don't even see
me anymore but they're the ones that are
on my desk okay it's a little bit later
now I've been working all afternoon and
I've actually been quite productive
although I've made a massive mess in my
office I really need to tidy up later
but now I'm going to the Opera I'm going
with rich and my mom my best friend Jake
he probably seen in my vlogs is a
professional opera singer and he's in a
show tonight I don't know what it is I
think it's like handle I don't really
know much about for only really like
opera when he's in it if I'm honest but
he's a countertenor so he's got a really
high voice I think I once snapchatted
him singing everyone was like what so
that we really fun i love seeing him
saying he's not really in London that
often these days so that would be really
nice and it's in town I think it's at
the Royal College of Music unless I'm
getting all of this wrong I'm pretty
sure it is like opposite the royal
albert hall just wearing my top shop
which I don't want your nakedness behind
topshop top and made wild necklace
chop-chop trousers all black because it
really now smart it is and black safe I
just saw on Twitter this international
friendship day and see it isn't going to
see Jake in his opera and we've known
each other our whole lives 27 years to
me 28 years for him I just found this
vote on my phone and I had to put on
Instagram because it's just so funny
well why we were a matching outfit and
we have one of those necklaces it's like
a hot split down the middle and oh my
god both of our teeth are just terrible
I just realized what I said about the
whole 27 years for me 28 years with him
thing just doesn't make sense at all
because the year of that friendship I
wasn't alive so just ignore my stupidity
going to try and go to cock tile ebony
because i love the aubergine tagine I'm
back home now and I've got my cup of tea
and my biscuits so I'm happy and it was
really nice to see Jake in his opera I
mean he's be seen since he was five so
I've seen him in all different kinds of
things and he used to like have like one
line and I'd see the whole thing and he
just been like a tiny bit and this he
was the main part he was like the king
and it was so nice to see him have such
a big part and he had like a really
angry seen that was really good and he
got a huge applause is that the word I'm
thinking off at the end everyone was I
whoo like you definitely ought the
biggest ones I was a very proud friend
and yeah he's amazing now what he does
so that was nice although opera is not
really my thing it's nice to see him
sing and I love his voice so that's all
for this vlog I'm gonna leave it here
because as i said i'm going back to
suffolk this weekend and yeah that's all
I've got a what oh yeah I said that like
suffix my home is not yours on Thursday
I have a first impressions video for one
of the products that i bought wales in
LA so hopefully you guys were like that
and that is all goodnight
