this morning I was having a fluster I
panicked more about to see the most epic
sunset this is my holiday drink you
already look like a beached whale your
think now the girls and I are going to
okay wanted to show you our matching two
pieces so how do people live on yes but
both like this one from my shoes those
are some from with Bridget strong fell
and the key I feel like when you're
walking is uniquely equip it makes me
always like little salsa woman how good
if we miss the Suns are we so pissed
this Cafe is cute
look at the view
that's behind us so you should calm it
let me show you properly look at that
and the moon is already out and we're
about to see the most hectic sunset look
at this oh wow who just arrived and it
is wow thank you so much it looks
amazing too busy eating that I cannot
hold it so yummy would you say this is
one of the best meals we've had so far
what about Rita first my crackers and
cheese I think this is better than an
umbrella I'm feel amazing I love a good
to me and his cafe got even more
beautiful at night we have bought Hannah
some local attire yeah because this is
not appropriate
why what happened I didn't even come to
the Future Michael something like that
now now who has some amazing attire
who's looking totally local and I
actually love this thing our blending
blending in little
I mean
the cup you'd phone back at the moment
or what are your thoughts on our trip so
far so great a number good thought I
actually think this is really cute in
the color courtesy to you
Thank You Bennet you can do likewise
shoulder you do a one-off show very glad
to be you weren't some of that beer I
tried to make a Dido shoulder I can you
please stop trying to get everyone
shoulder up I love a good one shoulder
out oh my god what is that is that I'm
Donny I don't know it's a cat and a
question that I would like to voice to
the group when you use puget so istic
for earbuds whatever you want to call
them do you get a weird coma feeling
like camera die how can you describe the
istic coma like me my heart'll to you
heart talk to you like getting a weird
like move and it's just a serious it is
like the world closes up and it's just
like oh yeah yeah it's just such an
enjoyable moment and I don't know if
it's just us who do we ask we cently I
mean we're like well you don't myself is
about belly I have a serious question
for you when you use ear sticks do you
go in a weird ear stick coma that's all
it's called ear buds do you get in a
weird color or not I get like shudders
down my spine why is it me in you belly
if you had to give someone one piece of
relationship advice what would it be
JJ and be friends will be friends is
your whoever you're in a relationship
with
Wow how insightful we want some sort of
like underdogs kind of advice you would
be that person to give like really good
advice that someone wouldn't think of
giving you some advice and redundant
have you tried oily Tim for dandruff
yeah it's so good okay advice those need
a license later I'm having no luck here
and what would you a piece of
relationship advice be right yeah in the
heat of an argument people's necks hide
away and then you say
you don't mean yes lock that down sleep
on it sleep on it you know not even see
I would go to sleep on an argument I
think people have a very hard rest oh
yeah right
medical our paths don't see it like you
can just so easily say something you
don't mean yeah so easy like a heated
argument just don't dispute don't say
something offensive like it stays there
afterwards the crates all will be laying
just thud thud thud thud where was that
from that from Suite Life of Zack & Cody
yeah Joey tough I great we're gonna hug
him
ding ding ding I wasn't being a pest
obviously do you see you work on
yourself for your relationship by being
motivated to become a bigger and better
person for yourself you continue to
bring something good to your
relationship
and I think that when you're in a
relationship as well as a couple
motivating each other you have to be
self-motivated to become the person that
you are capable of being and I think
that by both having that inner desire
you bring something really unique it
does make sense a Emilia's on a mission
to be about self in her career with her
friends and her family is constantly
looking to improve and grow she brings
something that is continually improving
and manifesting in her relationship and
that in turn creates what does it create
a very dynamic is the same way as your
partner was doing the same yeah those
are moving forward in a positive way
whether you grow together or apart you
will need to bring something new and
constructive patear close to be being
lazy in yourself and in your
relationship is pathetic
agree out belly out usually right in
this ice color there when I go to the
right path
launched my podcast oh you should
totally launched a podcast anyone would
like to hear more from me the answers
probably as we know relationship advice
you had a long time to buy of it I think
that it's okay
actually I just stole this from Isabella
but I was going to say but it's okay to
let someone know that you like them and
okay to like this when you are the
chance yeah we're on the trap oh yeah
yeah so free yeah is like where are your
hallelujah
trust your feelings yeah yeah it's gonna
told me to lean into the kisser Wow yeah
you did yeah
so many people are afraid of roastiness
you know but she like when and we know
me that it was a thing yeah and when
everyone when you're waiting for this
guy to like you and then it's been here
and no idea no idea that you rather than
having personally or if you know that he
likes you but he's not going to lean in
first then you lean in I'm unpacking
shout out to the Royal Monceau
so quite possibly the best in Shoreham
yeah done really like now they even have
a hair bra I'm going to take Anna home
I'm going to take this comb to the beach
I might even think our hair recipe
because when thinking about what I'm
pissing in my stomach each bag I
personally think this would be a really
good YouTube video for media everyone
not put in their summer behind everyone
doesn't know what to take to see I look
like crap at the beach so I am I taking
a hello I'm making a speech soap break
am I taking a comb or yeah we definitely
begin it's really good at the beach you
will receive it as a speech for using
phenom all I think Giselle maybe I'm
putting my toes yeah I think your brush
may actually need to match my estimate
scene so dependent because this brush
okay actually can you not make it good
and we actually a halfway up ten years
well trade you really can you still
fondant or myself or if you ever have
that you know I don't
flip chart to invisible I really like
this comb and also like the way it's
coordinates is my vodka okay so far in
the basket we know comb I take a hair
oil the beach do you need Sun cream
things like this are super useful a
refreshing white well I could tell you
love a good way less about a loving
advise geometry Pacific she turned on
the plane about 10 times here to wake up
from her nap just a turn and then fall
back asleep don't even turn back she
doesn't convert and the Kiehl's toner
that's over a hundred million anyway I
read that 100 milliliter boundary 125
missions because I fit in a refreshing
collar yeah I like to take the core an
activity within the beach bag needs to
be a sack to put all that your phone
money plus it I mean tinkle down the
bottoms nothing work and having to go to
the plastic Amelia University know how
to beat the walrus carnival the
collective good each man is like each
bag I also like to include only injured
swimmer because there is nothing like
that sitting at lunch in a wet cotton
little yeah nobody's another top oh this
is such cute tissues oh I love little
thing
keep it clean your ear right now and
tell me you are going to a coma
oh the best feeling ever I feel this
this cotton bodge
North ethic is a little bit to point it
and I'm worried about damaging my do
this better yeah you don't feel like
she's not feeling it really someone else
out there has to get the q-tip viewing
hands up just do the emoji if you want
to see a podcast from Isabella it's
gonna be a thick it's going to be so
funny anyone everyone wanted a young
hearing me document my moving to New
York and how I settle in and dealing
with all the Americanisms can I just
give you a classic Isabella scenario
that's going to happen in your you know
how in America you go into all the
departments in England you go to the
prom stores everyone's like so depressed
okay and then you go in
department store in America and
everyone's or in York and everyone's
like hey how's it going how's your day
going so far
hey welcome like so so so friendly
isabella it's going to be like shut up
hey mom thinks I'm genuinely going to be
arrested for being rude except it's
begging me wrong customer service is
nice but like you don't really care how
my day is you just care about the
Commission if I buy something and
there's already a bit honest with you I
don't want to hear your voice muttering
in my ear as soon as I will listen I
like suffocating to death when I have to
walk through the perfume or on the
ground floor so I'm already in a pissy
mood because it has a different scent to
left about my nose and I really don't
want you to tell me how my day is I
don't want you to dictate it by the tone
in your voice I just want you to get out
of my face review offer me that
disgusting shirt I want to see vomit all
over
so yeah it's about a podcast mm you just
go with a laughter it was that heading
to breakfast this morning this is how
our morning stop cameraman for you yummy
we are in families that my data is so
beautiful I'd give how many pictures of
this place and every corner is like
sincerely gorgeous look how beautiful
this is a new blog much of that then you
have my dresser because it was some
others like twelves the hottest time of
day right now that Mari Adeline tell
Frank I'm talking to them at the moment
there's just so much to see here the big
smile to walk through we have arrived to
el Fenn and it's so beautiful here look
at the view oh my gosh
I had so many recommendations comments
saying we had to come here and so so I
think it's a hotel as well words for the
roof terrace there's a set menu for
lunch and I already call the head and
all my opponents analogies that I can't
eat and I'm just looking for the
bathroom
oh very much I wanted to wear this to do
venue says madrasa because it's covered
and long and now I'm going to change
room so by the way my change of dress
has fitted in this tiny bag like if you
see this bag happened to me it's so
small and my dress fit inside changed
into dress number two and I feel so much
better and so much cooler I'm also
drinking like this is my holiday drink
lemon with this virtual line of time and
it
we're now exploring shelf M so beautiful
the ladies are back at the room and saw
and we are going to the pool I'm not
really a poolside chiller like wow
weather
yeah I would get FOMO now I don't want
him in our office my Sarah and we went
to the sea she never comes to see ya and
then all of a sudden she was like for
looking and see like I just get really
bad for mood this morning I woke up in a
fluster a panic that you were awake
brother were having old idea without me
exactly but I don't regret sleeping
alone and I had got to starfish in the
middle of the bed it was such blessing
about time she washed her hair got your
hair
well done done just spritz toss out a
little bit and now going for dinner
sprout friend walk away outfit of the
night free people dress the I did notice
mine and the shoes which we love from
loja sandals they really comfy they look
really good
my hello Tien a really cute gingham
does it is Manhattan so needleman's of
them occupy all seasons every time we
get response basically pretty much all
right
where am i visible keg parties doctors a
lot of 10
paradox 12 and live DJ comes to shut up
she show you do that 10:39 be here for
spicy scoop some of those hands you
protector Wow
but only alcohol again tonight
actually recognize that place because it
was really fun I was more interested in
mylanta jeans than in the belly dancing
me it was a known Isabella like stop
Celia and where we can go
yeah if I know I'm present yeah I can
law schools like you have the jeans
again I feel like we should have the ye
are you holding your baby morning
welcome back to another kind of describe
as most beautiful day in Morocco going
to vision can measure the whole I'm
really excited because I know it's been
on Isabella this for a while and she's
excited to see it here we are at
michelle balagia horrible
look at these bright colors i just like
for most vivid colors I've ever seen
Hannah's outfit of the day Sonny's son
of mine to me oh by the way 15% off coat
Amelia's rest pampy own choose the best
you will stay a sook find sign I love it
such a cute outfit matching Sonny's of
the shoes lourve hit me Hannah's dress
we've got dresses today we have a
keychain and then my shoes my slides
yellows
I love them so much they're so comfy and
the best bags after dwell and your
airing since get around my earrings I
like these babies from one or other so
cool upon feel like the go with the vibe
very gardener yeah
way to the airport now
that was literally such a fun trip I
don't know about you girls
point proven
hey ray can I had turn now so I hope you
have enjoyed this part
thank you for watching could go now and
I will see you in this video fun bye
