good morning everybody how we doing I am
literally just woken up and look at me
you can tell um I just woken up by like
a load of delivery that all came in the
exact same time first of all my sofa has
just been delivered in two parts
apparently
and according to the delivery rent they
don't put it together I have to pretty
sure that to life but whatever not much
I can do
we're going to argue them about it so
it's very straightforward
apparently the packaging smells and he
said throw it out straightaway because
it's all this recycled stuff that
doesn't smell very nice you say I'm like
thanks we appreciate that and a big old
mattress is just um how crazy is that a
message that comes fold it up I already
have one we only have two so you can
you to them and their box is now in the
room for recycling yeah that's right
down below in Italy so cheers Cheers for
them for that and so I need to put on a
mattress on my bedding on you can make
my blooming soaps but you know it's not
easy moving guys number froze I actually
know it's a bit of a annoying well I
must say blue what would happen to me
why do I always turn blue or like I'm in
the ocean I'm not all meant to be out
like - were friends I don't you only
fail my answer and I was like tomorrow
I'll do anything today can wake my sofa
I mean it's like 10:00 a.m. and my
psyche is here sick you're gonna regret
that I didn't even know that mattress is
coming just came over the moon
absolutely over the moon
I mean time for my sister together I
think I don't know this is going to be a
shit show motion maybe not a moan filmic
I began to stress and we're done a sofa
look at that you know like it's always
all happening now guys and ago but so
far a big lot of rubbish in the corner
from my sofa so what I'm going to do
with all this rubbish where do I put it
where do I take it okay I see
that spot of weather so things I'm going
to move it up a bit because the table
there's really normally how its
unsymmetrical to the TV we've got a sofa
that's good we're done we get with
pretty much done now I need to do is the
office which is full of the boxes isn't
it so now we've got all of this chat as
well what am I going to do alright
school some friends I mean I can you
help me move all this stuff we got sofa
yay Congrats Jack I'm happy about that
it looks quite comfortably as well I
like the color I actually really like
the color pretty much dead on what I
wanted should sell it to see if it's
company because I mean let's be honest I
know which corner is going to be my yeah
it's gonna be this one okay what guys or
I'll tell you what I'm comfy I'm couple
slow juicer this house new or its soft
I like it comfy oh god I'll tell you
what I can see myself being here for a
while the opposition shall get rid of
all this rubbish it'll kind of be like
maybe saw it someone's I'm gonna try and
do yet no so I just got home from the
shop I went fishing models yes I mean
shop got some food combats go to the gym
and work out instead might think with me
might not see out feeling my bed tire
now I've got a new mattress on it
well happy slowdowns it was the falling
out which is good so diamond in ready to
rock roll yeah I'll put my mirror over
there for now so know what to do with it
you know it's happening people it's
happening but yeah I'm gonna go gym and
then I might get in focus and then I
might go and see Mikey or might he might
come and see me mmm actually no it's all
about well I'll be filming with Mikey
later and I think Connors going to film
in selling at the moment I think you're
going to come here afterwards as it's
coming here
it corners coming here so we're probably
do sewing fun tonight actually thinking
about it I don't know what I know such
fact they're going to try and drag me
out I'm trying to be good at the moment
I'm trying to sell out last night I'm
trying you know just focus on working my
life and not going out buying more time
which seems to be so that retiring
probably but hey you know I'm trying I'm
trying but can't make any promises
anyway doesn't meet the both of the gym
so I've done in the gym I'm home now I
just have some food and I'd love to
them's going to chill out but know quite
a bit to be able to morph me to do the
boys are coming up from Brighton George
Bertie and aber coming up a state of
mind tonight because we more it's more
about six days I'm going to Mercedes
world to race them cars which is pretty
sick I'm very excited for that for that
kind of move it's quite an early start
so that's going to come up to mind and
stay here tonight for this closer and
stuff and we getting picked up I'm here
in the morning anyway so when it makes
sense might be filming with Mikey later
that only a Mike does that our faculty
sergeant mother
so so finished all my housework and
other stuff and then I go a bit forward
so I've decided to get out in the
sunshine and have a bit of a walk
for about five minutes I'm going to
college I'm going to my old flat what
kind of still lives there I'm going now
because empty and I haven't seen amperes
I'm going over to yonce I've got a
couple of things I need to get so no
he's doing like a bit clear out he's
gonna be throwing stuff away and you can
be friends of mine away something to go
there say what's up get that then get
home to the boys coming up in the blue
oh no oh no well that was a fun couple
of seconds the Soraa you have to cut
that for copyright reasons there you
know this so ends here baby
Wow nobody wanted people yeah and
they're trying to clean up the apartment
corner which is why do you come here
often is done I'm going to so why try
now going so this is it this is their
way of cleaning apparently it's just as
day as I've ever seen it so they're not
doing great hello you came here to get
some of my um my clothes and stuff like
that did so guys been a pleasure
see you later enjoy
so everything child misery basically the
boys men's club ages ago still rocked
here like seven o'clock and were meant
to be filming with Mikey as well
so instead now we're would have to meet
your Mikey's and be happy means I have
to leave in the cold
what the time yeah it's pretty late
anyway enough of the fun it's time to go
to Marquis that's kind of for this but
my turn to the light for myself oh sure
let me know what came out my mouth but
that's okay getting ready for my kiss
video so anyone up I like it yeah so at
Mikey's now or bad film he's actually is
actually is actually felt one like what
so I made it get on my so Rach move it
as a bowl here or sadly not food you
know bloody starving but hey ho o con
will be winners but I'm I don't want
some film talking about languages which
is always fun
so I'm terrible at so we're going to
lose this game but hey you know it's all
for fun isn't it I find you so we're all
done filming now
Mikey's video again which you can watch
all
but we're just talking about how bad
we're all going to be racing tomorrow
but I said we're going to Mercedes girl
is going to race some cars on a track
and it's meant to be raining as well so
I'm actually a bit scared is going to be
quite dangerous or so what your
predictions I reckon I might pass but I
reckon tariff but gee sorry what you
reckon I'm going to top two very for
free now see okay no I reckon but I
reckon we can ask Ian I'm okay so
anything others the fourth big you
battle is go time years I married a good
operator mark and I'll be quite good oh
fuck yeah you caught me or not I'm good
at driving quickly even you know I'm a
man of atomic what can I say I mean the
time I saw one I got a witness
that's very good driver amazingly wants
to go further I think purposes get
records as well anyway what the argument
you get and you can take off good video
a bit dodgy turn a bit mum passed in bit
of a big accident maybe is already over
and Desmond right yeah I copy mother so
we're trying we're trying to also come
up with dinner plans right now I would
anything is another Iraq to the American
we should make six restaurant in the
bowl modern and pick out that I do color
yellow or we go to my own and get
takeaway
oh I think what we do and where the
language is that is neat
oh yeah that's not because they've got
fine somewhere a check so I make some
jerseys I got my shit or lamb lamb balls
in all of them anyway
yes we do not working rapid we're going
to mind even drawer just saying of mine
even Mikey might be trying to say mine
and say no you are going back our
hangout them lunch is like a little
puppy needs AI attention so back up mine
now a lounging on the sofa design and
you know means moon Georgia Hague it
rocked it Alaska man is already working
easy and you're going
though your fucking show over there the
rugby top you don't even play rugby
yeah but Minji decisions bit involved
where's another 25 nano children and oh
no we're trying to America so yeah we're
trying to figure rule one arm and then
hopefully we'll be ready for bed could
get out really early but whatever it is
what it is anyway so just finish some
food had nice little manners and look at
the mess they've made bastard and so
George is doing some quite weird right
now if you turn the kettle on the first
time I put the kettle on this place oh
I'm not so I thought using it to
sterilize I using it to sterilize the
key Oh Matt hot no Matthew but when is
no just honest all right no no no no no
I mean you're going up cause they were
doing it dry come on it's not just a
normal voice all the way look guys whose
hair is still red from when I do that
I'm a traitor no Jeff oh wait well I'd
say without but you actually this comes
out Foca actually disgusting you annoy
me
now go away get in focus man oh wow so
I've got a white boy at all you don't
wash it so basically that means feedback
OH
granted I've been cheated of all
something cooking with you I don't work
it
Bishop would house that sterilized how
much would it take to you to poppy floor
and a pop nothing you know good enough
in the media it's been like trying to
pop it in my bathroom is I hope you guys
are going to buddy coffee anywhere
Coelho lighting well that makes you look
so ugly it gets really good detail
it gets really close to mention really
opiate they're crazy
well I don't get you guys for that thing
do I do you still wear somebody Kelton
oil you my whole nose huh it's what
you've been trying to pop it maybe it's
not ready it's not such a common size
like not it me recycled my nose ring
them as well we told you we have enough
space the you LeBrun's need to share
those
that's 100% service and rely on your
little esteem you just seem got my
camera you're literally making me seem
like such a weirdos myself it no but I
get it I do it sometimes idea where you
sterilize a key good let's be gone at
all oh okay now get off oh my god
the face tracker just went only on your
spot yeah I'm not even lying
oh yeah oh yeah no you're not come I am
100% I look my own bathroom
oh not on any boy son no come on don't
get shit everywhere you're something to
do this you remember Kevin periya kovil
Xbox is very similar so it goes yeah Oh
run so I don't want to see it it looks
disgusting
you're cooking a repeat right done
reading I've got a what gotten go away
the stop it what is your thumbprint
Allah fucking Europe it's not doing it
Oh mark it up oh my god how much like
many noise enough how much that gonna
noise oh my god it's so ready to go get
really close to the mini zero gauge one
Olympian Rio yeah what like batteries
about dialogue sorry on cutting those
off
I was implied it out fucking squeeze
hard and I've got them on fire nothing
else here that's the most we go drill
about pop it were it yeah down there you
go go on you know heart cracker know
like what a spot popping device or
something I am shit think any know if
I've no cotton buds just push one of
them against it starting really hard
oh you're disgusting
alright let me know Michael in it all
right that's quite sharp catch them and
left or that'll do it that'll do it
that'll do it that that fill that cat
again without on the corner or all get
out my bathroom now get out okay
alright them because make it again
bloody movie this is why you got so many
fucking anybod job you have a similar so
my camera died when we were popping
George's spot be popped and it was mean
disgusting so you're happy none you saw
it now we've just been like bored now
we're playing some game where you got
fur ball and catch it but you have to do
like in between your third clap so that
one clap and then two claps and three
claps and for clap and we're on to serve
I'm on seven claps now before I catch it
I'll be honest with you I would think
dream stuff alone little often over 4100
I'm going to obligate profit yeah I mean
that question was Wow
I did it well take off Oh Papa does
something I got it oh it's doing some
replays yes we're going to bed now
favorite thanks for your friends anyway
guys at the end of todays vlog hopefully
you enjoyed if you did please like
comment and subscribe and subscribe slow
Sundays put them in grandpa
okay yeah I already got use just looking
now what's hands
it's like 12333 wise man scram why we
get one out of every day I just shouted
that there's something to company you
could you're great this is what I mean
computer GN G's just rank community
looking over is nice anyway guys see
mark
go metal then my role models growing old
models no slowing call
