Hey hi hello right as my as one of most
interesting years were had in my life
hello good morning everybody it is a
Wednesday Wednesday my favorite day of
the week Wednesday um it's really late
in the day actually is gone past 12:00
and I'm still in bed I went to bed last
night about 4 a.m. because I was trying
to film I went with like a robot I was
trying to stock up on lots and lots of
gaming videos to put out whilst I'm away
in America I want blood there we go and
I'm starting a tramp blog although
because we're actually our technology
now in this new Joan Casper hit the road
USA we're allowed to bring our phones of
us and like technology so I'm going to
try and vlog everyday while some away
may be quite hard to actually upload the
footage because I can be in like rogue
parts of America I've never heard of
before but maybe internet is good there
who knows but anyway um we knocking on
wall um so yeah I'm going to take my
camera with me and try and do I can't
obviously film what's going on in the
film because that's you know that's
cheating that's your comment you can't
do that but what we'll do is just vlog
maybe a little video entry for every day
and just keep your data and what we've
been up to and that kind of thing and
just what it's like and is that these
parts these parts of America because I'm
going to new parts I've never been to
before I just put on a conference call
so minute ago that's why you heard
that's where you heard that noise that
that was it cool when you want to hold
the hold music so just had a conference
call about a future a future project and
with zoella 203 nine point seven nine
recurring it's that pie I can't remember
so yeah now I feel like I've haven't
wasted a but I slept in had a massive
line because I've seen went better for
so now I must get up I mean most of my
day I'm cleaning compact because I'm off
to America tomorrow to start filming
John Casper hit the
Road USA so that's carrot well I might
play smile again why why you close your
eyes again yeah bed sug now I don't know
who's easily left in my fridge but
either way I'm gonna eat them I don't
care if it's for kids the most childish
looking look at petit valu big popped
raspberry flavor I don't care I'm gonna
eat you I need both of you you're both
gone sorry but I'm shower
I'm ready I've had my lunch and I've
also got my paper so you know what time
of day is time once again where I go for
the news and try and find some
light-hearted funny news stories to
cheer you up
that is the aim of the game I'm looking
for different paper this time they
didn't have the one I usually get but I
should be fair that's nice to always
read so front page okay that's just
human glue that's just not fun um nope
that's negative negative negative
there's no nice news today what is going
on in the world
drugs pay for a zoo a drug dealer who
had a zoo in his back garden has been
ordered to pay back fifty five thousand
pounds okay well this is des it means
it's not really like fine news but it's
kind of interesting so basically this
guy he was 62 years old in Manchester
yeah snakes bearded dragons goat sheep
chicken and turkeys hopefully not all in
one place because that that's a recipe
for disaster other police found drugs
including cocaine crack cocaine
amphetamine ecstasy and cannabis and 86
thousand pounds in cash he was locked up
for three years and now must pay back
fifty four thousand pounds well good
luck with that may chef Phil thorn has
won the world nettle eating championship
after devouring 86 feet of stinging
nettles in an hour in the bottle in pub
in Marsh would in Dorset why would you
do that because stinging nettles have
acid in them and then dock leaves have
alkaline in them and this is the way
around
no I think's thinking that always have
acid in them so when it is found by
singing it old that's why it raises your
skin because it irritates it from the
acid listen to you nettle and that's
where you get doc Lisa doc you've had
alkaline in the leaves which neutralizes
the acid from the stinger nettle and
then basically gets rid of the stinging
feeling a motorist was find after he was
caught reading a novel as
drove along the m27 one in Southampton
obviously now that's terrible what you
should have what you should have done
whoever this motorist was was download
the book from audible and hey guess what
guys you want to sign up to audible then
you can now add it I've haven't done
that yet and there yet one of Britain's
oldest women turned 109 yesterday well
was born early night spent the day with
a family a care home in new clean korma
109 years old I was thinking about this
in a day do you think you think on
average that we like our generation are
going to live longer in their generation
before us let me know the cost below
what you think's I don't know I feel
like it I feel like we should because
we've had such a team Medicare is
improving uh I want to like know some
science planners if you if you actually
have like a good answer to this let me
know in the comments below I'd like to
hear we have to say about it okay and
there we go that is your quick little
news blows in today of just fun fun
interesting and not negative news of the
day I hope you enjoyed it let me know
your thoughts and I will potentially
carry on tomorrow as you know where I'm
getting flight tomorrow maybe I can
still do it in the airport somehow hmm
also this rod yesterday from YouTube
it's a yearbook the gold play button
class of 2015
right I think this is a new thing this
hasn't happened for any my other other
two channels that's Joe or that Stroeve
vlogs this is quite a new thing this had
to happen to youtube so unfortunately I
don't have a yearbook for my first two
channels but I do have a yearbook now
for my gaming channel so here we go you
might have seen this on other youtubers
channels that hit a million subscribers
in the last year this is hello
thatcherjoe games you started your
adventure in 2013 that's when I made my
gaming channel cut member that was the
year after that your first video your
first video was and so it begins the
sims 3 to celebrate your success we
rewarded you with a silver play button
you created around 163 videos I'll let
it's got all my thumbnails on that I'm
glad my thumbnails I thought I start
using Photoshop for my thumbnails
straight away and they're not just ones
of like my face
tiny top corner and screen on my pen
again your viewers come from all over
the world the number one viewership is
Great Britain then the u.s. and then
Australia and over that year I've
amassed over 83 million views which is
only obviously on even more an hour
which is insane that's more than every
copy of Minecraft ever sold put together
this is so cool thanks Susan
PS keep it up we've got a diamond play
button with your name on it when you hit
Tammy and subscribe our stop it that's
not gonna happen
maybe not this channel anywhere I don't
know so you let these are all the people
that hit 1 million subscribers last year
now I'm actually very very like worried
that you're going to think that I'm an
absolute nother for saying this but
there's something about the play button
that has slightly annoyed me this year
it sounds so bad like trust me I
appreciate so so much listen right here
as you can see this is the 1 million
subscribers plaque for facto vlogs my
vlogging channel which were watching
right now and this is what it looked
like it is very heavy very big but on
the wall it looks so so badass my 1
million subscriber play button a ride
the other day for my gaming channel and
look at it is it's Miniver it's a mini
version it's got a smaller the actual
play buttons got a lot of smaller and
the size has got a lot of smaller and
obvious a lot lighter and it kind of to
be fair it is I think better may like
it's better made ler and we try and show
you on the back it's got the felt back
on it and it's got the two holes to hang
up now another one and it's just like a
lot more sturdy and easy to easier to
move about and actually put places like
on a wall and stuff but my original plan
was to obviously have to have my
original gold play button on my wall and
then this one next to it and then this
one next to it but now it's gonna look
it's gonna look different obviously
because this is a lot smaller than the
other two so it's not gonna look right
so now I'm like what what do I do
so often when I have up on my wall in my
office although these are bigger and
this look more badass this one looks
more
in proportion if that makes sense the
play button is trampled I need to put
them all together on my wall and this
one is now just a little bit smaller
than have to try that I'm not gonna do
but we'll think of something but anyway
I want to say thank you to youtube for
giving them to me and also thanks to you
guys watching the videos without you
guys watching them you wouldn't be there
you wouldn't be there and you wouldn't
be there ok so it's some time later now
and I think the world's ending can hear
that all of a sudden like I hmmm know
where I'm filming some gaming videos and
all sort of his massive loud rumble of
like lightning I look outside it's ok
yet thunder and lightning it's been like
a really nice evening all of a sudden
but it's under comes out of nowhere
right above my head and I got outside to
get something outside cushions in and
stuff off some chairs and there's like
sirens and I open this door over here
this is massive warm like gust of air
comes in it's like it's like really warm
air like like probably like fast wind
but warm air the only other cup not only
with like a a storm is colder I think
the world's ending everyone I think this
could be it it's giving my last vlog
member um to that vlog where I pretend
the world had ended and it was like a
joke video I think it's actually
happening now because now there's like
police sirens and everything everywhere
it's really odd oh my god it's properly
you can you hear that it properly
hammering it down
and the sky is just like it looks so
weird right now
absolute nightmare I put a wash on it on
today completely forgot about it so now
he's obviously dry it I love her just
done it and it's the cook time is
currently midnight oh dear
it's basically all my underwear in as
well if the trip so I could be doing the
whole of American commando general that
is look it up you don't think this is
stupid with me this is actually quite a
big issue
I've lost my jeans that I really want to
take with me that they're at their
special pair like the ones I want to
Coachella really light blue ones I have
no teens at that and obviously it's hot
out there
I need like jeans if anything I mean I
should wear shorts like a normal person
but I really wear these white like light
colored jeans can't find anywhere I look
around the whole house run operation run
the whole house I can't find them
anywhere
Joe think if you were a pair of jeans
where would you be not in there nope not
in there what are you doing down here
you need to go in the bin oh boy a some
got bin yeah so he's like bin bag for
bins this massive mound of clothing
doesn't help but I Harbor scent would
not friend them away I wouldn't have
left him at a friend's house they have
to be in here somewhere that's the wrong
color jeans but yeah I need an oh what a
bloody hell they wonder I've lost them
I'm finding random packets of bloody
confectionery another light's gone out
great chairs made a bloody torch wait
oh we found you thank goodness gracious
I found you oh I miss you jeans and I
hope you're clean
yeah oh good quick guys we're good okay
this is the the secret to packing within
10 minutes basically you prep it we like
before so your t-shirts in a pile you
get your jackets in a pile your jeans
and shorts in a pile your underwear in a
pile and your bath rugby shirt in it's
pile on his own and then you get a
suitcase ready to go in the morning you
just get it all together and bung it
straight in and zip it up you leave to
the last minute because he's time to
think about other things you need to put
in there so then you've got space put
the shoes in there already and that kind
of thing but keep it out ready going the
more yous bugger-all in and they did you
time to think about we need to put in
there that can be completely wrong but
the only thing is this is real talk
right now there's actual reason why I'm
doing it this
paper ones because the clothes I was
trying to drive the last half an hour
are still soaking wet now fingers
crossed this somehow miraculously dries
by tonight be fair all this probably
will dry by tomorrow sorry anything I'm
worried about which is the thing I
actually want the most is these shorts
because nothing says join Casper hit the
road USA like a pair of light blue denim
shorts no I mean oh my god you missed it
but literally I building I swear huh do
you see that wait for it I could be
lightning in know thunder you hear it oh
I'm really glad this is passing now and
not tomorrow morning what I'm gonna can
have to try and attempt to fly out of
here and get to Los Angeles oh there you
go one more fashion come on crash ah
whoa why is it flashing so much Lee but
there's no thunder what you doing
desperate times like this you get arty
shots of the rain coming down the
windowpane look at that
yeah actually looks like lightning
liquid lightning that's the rain playing
down right now on the road
look at that I've got I've got like mega
zoom on so I can show you the road I
feel sorry for anyone that's on foot
right now two minutes past 2:00 in the
morning and I'm still nowhere near
finished packing I've got Y Spacely way
to go but we're gonna do is wake up
tomorrow morning's bung it all in check
that bag and make sure that's all set
ready to go get my wash bag from the
bathroom and whack that in the back and
then I am pretty much good to go as my
go away I always think that I've left my
wash bag at home so remind me tomorrow
to take my wash bag with me so always
put it in loss but the thing is what
time this vlog goes up already been yeah
I hope you have to enjoy this vlog if
you did get a big thumbs up and
subscribe as it's free and I will see
you tomorrow with a poet hopefully a
much more entertaining vlog hopefully
was a travel vlog though I'm traveling
so it's never really that much that much
great footage but I trying
record some footage when I arrived in
Los Angeles and hopefully it will be
great
oh it will be great come on doubt
yourself Joseph um yeah
good night Selita my
