good morning guys today is somewhere in
the city and I'm going to be vlogging
for you guys which is not something I do
all the time so I wanted to make this
blog a very special rob first of all
it's my first ever summer in the city so
I'm actually going my family and I
wanted to make this blog a little bit of
a meet my family and some of you guys
will have bet them but some of you guys
work so I'm going to be taking my family
with me we're going to be hanging out
with Max Factor and the first two people
I want you to meet our two very naughty
puppies she literally lives for this
moment Oh nearly yep and then for being
Penelope this is the food that they have
and Penelope has to have a special feel
special feeding bowl because she chokes
on her food she's too fast just makes it
harder for her to get our food she has a
little deception so she eats at a bit
slower it's mama say hello to mom so
guys this is my mom some of you guys
will have already met her before growing
old discreetly her name is actually jail
until AKA granny G yeah groups yup you
learn in a very glam today going out ok
cool I'm more dress than you are darling
I know I know I need to get ready right
now hair finished I'm not gonna show you
my outfit until I can actually do a full
length but to finish the family oh man I
majalis actually making my mat see how
much do I love to oh my no she loves it
and also it's going to be like basically
milk with a dash of tea so this is why I
send it back is my travel tea for the
journey yeah so some of you guys might
know Holly holy shit i'm reading
everyone's channel below we're ready for
you
this is so exciting to me some of you
guys so we're on the way I shotgunned
front seat because I get really travel
sick if we sit in the back and some of
you guys know this but i'm not sure all
of you do we're actually from dropping
in so
in London I know the most bizarre in
London so it takes us about three hours
to get to the event so I've got my
little office on the go on my lap here I
had looked for so long for a marble
laptop keys I literally wanted this for
a year and i finally found more from
coconut lane I saw so many Instagram
pictures with these so I find him out to
get one and then if you guys ever want
to know what camera i use for the
lighting isn't great here this is my
camera be using per se it's actually a
cannon it's so well loved the thing is
come on it's a 600d thereby does my hair
put it on my lap just like I didn't know
what it was like buddhist or a
caterpillar race now under your feet but
what was it doing its Caroline of that
only you can fucking a like that
snapchat you think that you can do with
butterflies yeah yeah just put my so
Holly can do a snapchat with calling the
customer the hotline hi welcome to the
Sheridan
you
made it to max factor's balama the
studio I want to get kale smoothie my
face is very very shiny I know sorry
about that Caroline Barnes is here Max
Factor's makeup artist and I need to
touch up with make her focus I literally
like a shiny met after that journey and
I'm going to show you outside as well oh
I've actually come across Caroline
you'll see Caroline did a little bit
doing my makeup how lucky we outside the
sun shining with the sickness I love how
you're out here in the sun does my idea
as well wlky's fucking outside look a
little guys how amazing is it so
beautiful I'm going to try not to
fangirl Caroline too much she's
literally my makeup hero so I'm going to
get her to do some foundation maybe a
bit of eyeliner you know I hate putting
eyeliner on but it's just so nice of a
real lucky to be here with my family
I've had the healthy smoothie and now
I've just found the naughty macarons
annoyingly though I think they're part
of the display will anyone notice if I
take one of the tasty morons makeup
goodies go
yah
this is the finished look guys the
freckles are free I swear something it
was really natural you know me I'm not
really into my massive but smoke tires
or colors i'm going to show you guys
really quickly a kind of mini get ready
with me with what we used because it's
probably taking too long to show you as
I need to have seen you in ages ages you
look so great happy wake up look at his
hair we're just say I spent my whole
life when I get curls in my head it's a
frizzy very busy period be cancelled are
you learn me toca m√∫sica TV oh these
green trees do you like it home sweet
home I am so close it for today it was
so good there is only one thing to do
it's pampa time oh they're monochrome
heavy engrave the words we don't say and
at any moment I know we're gonna see the
rain yeah yeah and you say oh I'm so
gelo why can't I be brave cuz you let go
and I let go nobody take the blame the
one thing keeping my whole life it's the
same thing to tell me we won't survive
the colors are fade as we define it now
all that's left is blue
blue no that's left is blue it doesn't
surprise me I've been coming over board
