hello everyone if you watched my day in
the life blog with baby and you'll know
that I promise to do yes its texture on
the computer you'll know that I promise
to do a day in the life Rach day because
I have a nanny two days a week and on
those days I just sort of came my work
so that's what this is can you stop it
so we started to do the same way with
baby coming into bed to have her milk
and then sometimes I managed to grab a
shower which I wouldn't normally do on a
baby day this is the problem and I'm
given the time I dick around don't even
know I'm doing checking things on
Twitter and just flicked through Grazia
I've got so much to do but it's like I'm
giving this free reign and I could do
what I like can I just go the opposite
of crazy I go into slow mode every week
I take my makeup bag from one suite with
all the things I've been testing out
this is sort of my testing ritual so for
example of giving this a really good try
and love it burberry and new foundation
and then I ship this all down to my
office and I sort of take everything out
and then swap stuff for new bits and
pieces and I mean I've got my favorites
but this is how I get stuff properly
properly properly tested you know on an
everyday basis wearing it out to town
wearing it all day long seeing how it
cleanses off that sort of thing so yeah
this is coming out with me I getting my
bag
by Dax this is where I begin my long
journey commute to the office that's the
door screaming because it's so messy in
here it's it's just beyond you know it
looks a lot worse than it is it takes me
about an hour to tidy this up every week
now I know that some people might be
looking at that mess with horrified
expressions I only gets come in here on
tuesdays and wednesdays the recipe I
can't have the baby in here because it's
just like ruins my Zen that's right
phrase in an emergency yeah I might
bring him in and forgot to do something
urgently but the rest of the time I work
over snatch pockets of time as you've
seen in the other day in my life video
and just trying to work whenever I can
in the house and so what happens is that
this becomes a sort of dumping ground
from thursday to monday with me dashing
in and out dropping off new stuff that's
come in and rummaging around to find
desperately things i need so i can get
my work done really quickly and so I
never come in here and think oh I'll
just have a little tidy because I simply
do not have the time last week I was in
Paris for the Tuesday and Wednesday so I
didn't get any office time at all and
then yesterday I was launching the new
channel for the uphill and that was just
admin nightmare and things is going
wrong all day and so I didn't have
chance to do it then so that just that's
why the
the mess get that hand it's not because
I'm lazy and carpet bother to do it is
literally I do not have the time and and
then it's all done again on a Tuesday if
I'm here and it's all nice and tidy so
at the end of the day I'll show you what
it looks like when it's tidy randomly
I'm doing my days slightly differently
today I've got loads of work doing the
computer however because I can't bear to
have another video of me just with
looking completely worth I'm going to do
my makeup and before and after I try and
do one a week of a foundation before and
after I'm going to do that first I've
got my camera set up and then I always
do my makeup shots and videos on my gray
background she did because I just think
it's the thing is I know it's it's sort
of a boring background but it means that
you can see the skin to flee and I sort
of think what's the point in telling
people here this foundation is great
we're numb is that going to stay when
you can't even see what it looks like on
the skin so I do this in daylight it's
just like that look and I do it close up
and i don't use any camera kind of
trickery is just literally my skin and
yeah this is this is where the magic
happens people sorry to shatter the
illusion yeah I wouldn't normally do
this fast I'm doing it because I yeah I
need I just need to feel good about
myself in at least one vlog oh I've got
my mirror I've got my foundation this is
the okay so I've got my mirror there
I've got my camera and you can see in
that little screen that it's just gray
behind me such as nice flat background
I've got my remote control for the
camera my foundation brush and my
foundation which is the burberry bright
glow foundation and then I should do my
before and afters so look
I have done my foundation and then
basically I've got my remote control and
that's how I take my still life pictures
of myself still life it's not still life
as it face pictures and because I don't
like to sort of do things that
multitasking I'm going to shoot a
mascara before and after at the same
time and then I'm going to feel nice and
ready for my vlogging it's look sort of
hold on she says happy with myself and
without makeup on it's just I feel like
every single vlog that I've done
recently and all of my early pregnancy
vlogs on the uphill channel I just look
rough yes I oh come on this is nice
sometimes to look nice isn't it so bit
of foundation on and they're numb bit of
mascara and all we've done i'll be happy
i just realized all of that was
pointless because i don't have my thing
over the roof light which means it looks
like a on this camera but on I'm a
really good camera all the light comes
in from the top and you get really dark
shadows and it's just really really
unflattering lights and waiting for mr.
AMR to construct me some kind of thing
that i can take up and down to let the
light because it's really nice and light
coming in when you're trying to work but
it's just not good for shooting but i
might just get one of those velux some
horizontal blinds for reef lights
because to be quite honest if you wait
for yourself awesome d in the house to
do a job just never gets done does it
you sort of just need to look someone in
and getting to come I always find
anyway on with day and as I said before
I find that I have to sort of prioritize
and just get the things done that need
to get done which in today's case is all
the posts for a model recommends until
next Monday and two posts for the uphill
I've just uploaded loads of videos and
done those videos so don't need a video
which is a saving grace today because
that takes ages and ages and ages and
also I've got to write synopsis for
something that is my main job today but
I feel like I can't get my headspace
clear enough to do it until I've done
all of the other stuff and then there'll
be so much admin that comes in so I sort
of have to switch off my emails switch I
don't get any reception in here anyway
so I don't get mobile phone calls but um
switch off the email so i can really
concentrate and getting stuff done I've
got really distracted reading about
Brangelina and the breakup and these are
the tables i was looking at another day
coffee tables for in here I love the
fact that things just pop up on your
screen to remind you so you can't get
away once you start looking at stuff
online isn't it that's um two hours
that's gone past affability no 33 hours
and I literally haven't looked up which
is why my eyes start to look like this I
have have my glasses on this isn't gonna
be that interest in this video is it
because on a work day a work work day
all I do is sit here head down plow on
through hobnob snack bar which is really
healthy but will see me through the
afternoon and had an apple so you know
that sort of balancing things out I've
got 20 new whatsapp messages so that
will distract me for a while I've got so
much to do so much
I have to leave for book club in three
and a half hours and it's sort of it's
borderline ridiculous how much I've got
to do actually so I'm going to crack on
instead of talking to the camera and
then our film things if appropriate
really I need to do another video with
it's like work but when I'm away or when
I'm going into town because then I can
do sort of shots of my feet walking
along Oxford Street and you know
cutaways of people and interesting
things this is literally just me haven't
remotely done enough work I've been sort
of half heartedly tidying and it doesn't
look any better that's all recycling
that bins got to go out and a lot of my
stuff is back in those boxes so for lack
of them sort of well what show you some
of the things coming out of my makeup
bag and some of the things going in so
that I can test them this week the wire
but I like to have the option and then
it's all there and I can just no dig on
in what I need to this is a shelf of
dreams well not of dreams of nightmares
for me this is all sort of stuff that
I've don't pop a nut perfume at the
front i'm testing have tested i'm trying
to test and it's all sort of categorized
a lot of a bit skincare things like a
feature I want to do on sensitive skin
feature one sort of peel pads and things
like that on really rich moisturizers I
don't know what this section is and this
is just a load of mess that I haven't
got round to sorting yet today and now
this is my sort of neat shell flick see
that that I was going to have in the
background of my videos but doesn't
really show up so it's bit pointless and
then down there we've got some sultry
autumn sense and some sort of multi
masking bespoke face masks and it's all
themed so as I think of stuff because
there are so many products in the world
and as I think of stuff I sort of
categorize it and stick it into little
areas I mean it is chaotic but it's sort
of organized chaos I've really done
badly at my tidying today but I've sort
of had a lot of admin problems I've got
distracted so that's pretty much my work
day I've got a lot done um I have to say
but um days with baby are a lot more
happy that you know what it's really
difficult because I love having the time
to do my work but a whole day I'm like I
really want to see the baby and then if
I have a whole day with the baby I
really want to just have a cup of hours
to do some work so I suppose the ideal
sort of solution to that would be half
days or you know doing two hours here or
three hours here but unfortunately life
doesn't work like that so I'm yeah
tuesdays and wednesdays
my foot on work days and I'm just so
tired by the end of it that I'm always a
bit like oh my god got brain fry but you
know that's mark so what can I do yeah
so I hope that you enjoyed that and make
sure you go and check out the day with
baby vlog which is what kicked this
whole thing off and make sure you
subscribe check out my new channel the
uphill on youtube subscribe to that if
you can that'd be wonderful and I'll see
you next time
