good morning to you or afternoon if
you're watching me afternoon hello it is
Monday the 22nd of May and I'm feeling
very calm and then I'm fresh out the
shower I feel nice of what they make
prompt and moisturize I feel good I
didn't upload a vlog last week I was
going to say I didn't film last week I
actually did film all the way until
listen to it Wednesday night and I'm sad
and use that footage which is another
quite good especially I did a shoot for
children in need I did lots of shout up
for children ease so I want to do that
now as the children need an amazing
cause
well potentially put a little bit of
footage here it's Thursday and I want to
shoot today with Charlotte who's had to
stand in as Frankie for this episode
probably she had do your line line in
episode you might be for you as your
children age which is most wonderful
children's charity and which you should
definitely be involved with you'll see
more of this throughout the year but the
best thing about this whole shoot apart
from like the people and the amazing
makeup is the food I heard yes and now
we're back to present day
well my present day but your past vlogs
are weird time machines and time is
wiggly habits that phrase go from got to
Oh anyway um I'll eventually get what to
why I just stopped just blogging last
week and I've got some family stuff
going on in the background that is
taking up almost all of my energy at the
moment and it's nothing that I'm going
to really go into here but it's just
kind of will take you all of my energy
and then making flogging much much more
harder than usual so you'll just have to
forgive me and I'm sorry but hopefully
this week could be a lot better I'm
committed to it I'm going to do it get
it edited
I've got a family waiting on FAFSA which
I'm so excited about they're going to
edit this on Friday night and upload it
for Sunday morning so we should be all
all go and already and I've got a good
week this week
lots of fun stuff going on so it's loads
of cool stuff to film for you
this morning as the doing housework
which sounds really boring but I've been
really slack on everything for weeks so
it felt really good it's quite late
that's like half 11:00
it felt really good just like blitzing
and get some stuff done I'm feeling
empowered again I'm feeling like I'm on
top of my shit so to speak kind of gross
actually
but now I'm going to have an old squash
and stitches here but not only am sticky
gym shorts and have that as well
beautiful for you and send out some
invites because I'm on the front cover
of blogosphere induce oh how cool is
that and so I'm having a big launch
party and I'm going to send up the
in-flight for it's morning there we go
doing a little live show and you're all
saying hi just sir I'm the slowest
inviter two events ever because every
time I start texting someone to invite
them and it's just like having a small
chat with them so so far inflected
simian Alfie they can't come davon Tina
Niki and Sammy my friend Vicky - Dodie
and Carrie hope Fletcher and I've been
doing it for like an hour on a plus side
I'm about to have some sweet potatoes
with the greatest and vegetable time
Philadelphia colleton herb
hi it's sassy and we're going to wait
tray we're going to make dad mum is
really nice I think oh thank you oh okay
are you excited chatter now what were
chopped chocolate so now we're going to
go stop it
and so what roles are you can feel and
what they've got - what's our company
wala cute
yeah
it's about
no charge our price again supposed to be
nine and now we are going up with a
pencil school come over and this is
their puppy Dottie how old is Duffy Q
I'm seeing episode how are you should
get them together for like a little dog
playdate hi I'm more interested in the
dogs would yell here I've got powerful
of puppies and children among taking
that out there put this in your quiet
spirit so they've got how a film not
calling for garden to me costumes in the
back garden and hot from alcohol tickles
how I bought strawberry right now I'm
lifting up the loop time to stop logging
anywhere like how do you know what the
balance is doing blogging slugging it's
like when you listen closely to actually
go broke me I would say I guess Castle
it's lovely
someone hot a joy to hear that sound
listen Oh anything little children
nothing we've got snacks
we've got puppies we've got doodles
what money a lolly we got friends and
everything hammock deep doo-doo did it
did it your name is Brian Brian yeah
nobody's in then can I keep him no oh
I'll pop you a cat is that sick cats oh
yeah right lovely I've introduced off
the two blue Peter did you enjoy it you
do what something gone wrong with my
face very red and one of the rights that
doing you what did you like about it
yeah it was interesting was that would
you like to watch more of them
yes I wonder what your failure good like
care
exacting a lovely oh that's nice
sure delicious Liam cooked us a lovely
dinner this is genuinely how I looked
ten o'clock I've been play fighting with
Liam and level of product in my hair
budget washout tomorrow
so the news the glamorous life of a
number one best-selling author UN
ambassador one of the things cool about
me a successful youtuber and mother
extraordinaire mmm
7:00 a.m. and the morning started with a
pillow fight between Darcy and me Oh
Debbie won the game of pillow buckaroo
the scents or things we do at 7:00 a.m.
yes oh right come on skipper
lovely Oh get ready the drop toffee at
school this morning and then when I got
back in the car radio on and there had
been a terrorist attack and encouraged
afternoon just because it still tries to
be like around her things and it's um
the content area Rhonda concert in
Manchester Arena and alone an attacker
had detonated um a self-made bomb this
is all what her knees and and currently
it's that ten o'clock now I think there
were 22 people died and 59 injured and
you think about the people that
or at those concerts and it's like mums
and daughters and the girls that I have
met at so many like meet and greets and
just like of all all attacks a horrific
there's no like there's no way you can
get around that but this one just seems
to really struck me because like the
these are the people that I am with all
the time and in not too many years I'll
be taking Darcy to concerts and right
now it sort of gives me on ice and
pantomimes and things but it's not long
before that turns into pop concerts and
gigs and haja notice I want to go and
pick Darcy up from school and wrap her
in a duvet and keep her in a duvet for
the rest of her life and just live me
and her and just go to like the park in
the ice-cream and come home and and fish
fingers and stay in the garden and
that's it and I you can't live like that
obviously you have to just keep on going
and so and the message of sentencing on
social media are like it's not going to
stop us continue going to these things
we're not afraid and
that's the right message but wrongly or
rightly like right now it's not how I
feel I feel like so shook up like those
mothers well everybody is easy for me to
relate to some those mothers that their
children were screaming and trying to
get out and I don't know just all
thoughts overall for why do we put do
these things like well where's the sense
in it what does it achieve we don't know
what nationality or religion or what
cause the attacker was champion champion
it was like champion not a champion but
you know what I mean just them doing
things like that doesn't make anybody go
yes what a great idea totally agree this
is stupid stupid senseless and horrible
anyway I wasn't sure whether to talk
about this on
because not entertaining and it's not
like light and happy is it and it's the
opposite the very opposite of those
things but this when I look back on
these vlogs in years or weeks to clamp
this is a big part of the week so seemed
only right and I think we should just
take a moment to acknowledge that that
has happened
alrighty on with the day good morning it
is about nine ish I've just done the
school run I've decided to just carry on
with the vlog as normal and yesterday so
it was horrific and obviously that
doesn't stop being horrific just because
it's one day close it's one day ago
doesn't mean it's not any less horrific
at all but I think that the best thing
to do is to carry on going
I'd like the comments to be a safe and
warm and respectful place for anybody
just to talk about how they're feeling
yesterday I found it really good to be
able to tweet constantly and DM some of
you and talk to my friends and Facebook
message my friends and just kind of even
though we're all saying the same thing
which is this is awful
why would someone do this and so her
those poor people I can't imagine it
live all saying those same things
there's something about saying over and
over but I think it's quite cathartic so
if you would like to use the comments of
the place just just to share what's in
your head and heart then do please
everybody else be very sensitive to that
I will just straight-up block people if
they are not and they'll be no probably
no two ways about it so just want a
comments section just for this video
just to be like just share what's on
your heart sort of thing and and it'd be
nice if you support to each other and
yadda yadda don't you tell you all this
just so I'm going to get on with the day
so he's coming today I'm getting my
nails done
Custer's down there good for happy
things you are a happy thing aren't you
you are a happy thing on you yes you are
you're a lovely boy in scratchin
scratching it is gradually telling you
very warm isn't it to warm with a fur
coat on five years late for my nail
appointment and I forgot all my cash to
actually paid curly and I had to park
400 miles away from the salon and it's
really hot so I think the real question
so it's on all of our minds is how she
kept up with a new year's resolution
point below if you know about this give
the people what they want clothes I'm
still doing well you know everyday
pressure of quilt-making my god I'm
going to set up with the go fund me at
the end of the year so like a brand new
bed or something that you can do that
all the way so he's just rang and says
it so probably to a little grubby face
with you so she's going to be here as
punishment at some lottery exciter
haven't seen Zoe when did I last see Zoe
like face-to-face not Skype face don't
even know das is birthday maybe did you
come to that notion - oh oh oh no quick
I don't know anyway it's in a while just
wait for it sure women come here she
comes here sure you Fisher you ha ha all
right trying to want me me pure no don't
say things like that about ourselves on
this channel I think I don't you worry
us today feel like shit okay so you'll
have to take out the present oh hang on
a minute hang on print
I'm annoyed she's done this possible
Harris why does it matter we love
ourselves Michelle because basically I
just didn't get her birthday
presentation she leaving
like friend and I'm a great one right
that's right crack on
welcome to some books actually as much
quite giving it to you but I still
really like the cards
thank you you don't like our lesson
eliminate chocolatey fingers thank you
oh let's open it together
is it as a well abuser no to develop the
Ella beauty soap opera or the biscuit
biscuit
yeah first day one as well as the
Willows one off now it's nice over been
updated hmm apocalyptic oh those bloody
mullet rose what is that I just don't
know it ah look at that i ee shut the
front door there are more layers in out
it don't it can be really stressed about
me mmm like real Maximo I hate that was
a bit harder example I love love loot in
my hand looks a bit because it's my
hands but nails and it's not a matter
what is this oh
sleeplessly chummy hungry or anything
siblings could put your toothbrushes
yeah makeup ring oh my god okay I love
it anyway but I feel like it is more
meaning behind it because like where you
started okay
I love that yeah maybe they're actually
yeah Thank You chummy you're a good
friend even though you wouldn't pull my
toenail off we're just going for me
so we can't tell you about a secret
mistake so you just love it when you
achieve through that I asked her me for
a batter skip taught me like look at
that Murphy must've and more to share
love that's not going to we decided to
come out it really pale what happened my
brows if anywhere you would practice on
to you over there why it's five hours
now hey what's the mister like we just
made the video so we're going to be here
as we subscribe maybe she was I think I
playing some people game
yes well ask you maybe coffee yeah one
of the greatest moments of my life has
just happened feel like this is pressure
moment someone just took a picture of
Zoe
zoella and then we insert your mom your
mom I went me I feel like ingredient
we're going to make our Twitter bio
wasn't seconds Alana's mum your mum is
like looking pretty good she just great
parade I by the way I'm only four five
years older a simpler life for that
agent yet she just be there super gray
it is great why don't you page mix
family ma materials
we're actually going through stone which
is one of my favorite places to be
let me turn you around show me doesn't
appreciate fully the joy book sharp she
likes a bookshop inside the mine we know
you've got resolution with sterilization
smell it and clicks through them and see
them especially the children's problems
all the children's that says that the
sit where's the kajam child but come and
enjoy it properly with me here we are
look automatically just efficient
walking for so if you feel like your
body filled clues they think because we
do do given our system promo they go
i'll today
there we go okay but amazing we welcome
Alfie just ask the man front end take a
ticket off makes my other hand so she
can find a book they go and then if you
come into smell thinking's water stones
then you can get signed book for free
well the book free tips assigning us so
that is thrilled to have someone else
love him his eyes but yeah he's the only
cat that really approaches me well it
doesn't really look it's not a bit
zoomed with quite a stir
Rock it's not really an approach he's
more of an outsider my car just go see
we shall dress he thought it was hot
yesterday but today it is really really
hot and this morning I've been working
Warrington singer stitches in my car and
I've been working all morning so now
it's two and going for some on
appointment that sweat into my said
wanna look nice and picking at Dorothy
and then they're having friends over and
quite excited because Phil cooked all to
film with those friends sometimes don't
have friends children over to film them
because I don't feel comfortable to them
and pleasure and there's no video that
people are overstay like
understand of things that the best times
we haven't seen immediately pissing with
your cold rushes hello or should have
water community I never see what it
looks like when you do this but ok it's
good angle yeah but it's like I mean I
don't like to call myself an out care
but oh my gosh it is about flash brown
butter sauce it's got a house full of
children there's one of them I think to
the recessing pretty musically go
musically we've got a hot tub of ladies
coffee and avocation yrx eternally I'm a
lovely friend Kelly I'll just have to
cover ourselves in a very compromising
condition and we've discovered over here
in the document section of a garden
we've got strawberries growing they're
all very dry it needs a good horse
that's not live in any watering but with
any luck we'll have some strawberries
this similar to those them Welling how
cool is that
we just had some lovely bedtime stories
we read room on the broom and the salt
which is one of Dorothy's favorite and
now I'm closing up the gardens sitting
in the master kainalu all that need
chlorine in there's a lot to do if you
have a hot tub a lots of things that you
have to make sure you do oh gosh I don't
know how that turns off I don't know
Alka billions jobs and turned it on my
gear crikey crikey me I'm just lightly
and do that um I thought that you just
have a hot tub but it not you have to do
a lot of like putting chemicals in and
checking levels and all sorts of stuff
what else's are getting taken towel
snacks what kind of stuff oh I love the
silver so much I'm loving this paragraph
enjoying being in the garden and just
you know something I think because I've
been feeling a bit better for the past
few weeks with you--maybe nursing vlogs
the summer months makes that like this
feeling go away a bit things just
sunshine isn't it right
I really just coming on to finish vlog
to finish the blog I'm saying thank you
so much for watching I hope that you've
enjoyed it
novel calm
oh my girl which incidentally was not
heavy breathing and waffling at you now
and just get with my god and finish this
get them sort out the garden I love you
all very much
tomorrow's my dad's wedding I'm going to
go up and slab myself and st. can so I
look nice and nice and orange and I will
see all next week which is a good one oh
my god it's a good one thanks for
watching
