hi guys welcome back to my channel today
it is the alphabet dating series and we
have finally moved on to letter D so
excited for this today's episode is
sponsored by the letter D and the color
red
remember that Sesame Street no didn't
really watch that program what did you
do your childhood I played in the fields
of barley anyway I don't know and we
tried to tell everybody what we've
decided to do for letter D I love to
basically we had those different options
we were thinking about it thinking about
it we decided to do something quite
different something near us have ever
done before something you wouldn't
normally do on a date which is what
alphabet dating is all about we're going
to the dogs dog racing in Romford and
essex we're gonna watch the greyhounds
run around we're gonna put some bets on
hopefully win some moolah la bitch
better have my money to get a bitch
bitches bitch better win me money huh I
recently went to a score which was horse
racing and it was really fun and I won a
lot of money on one horse so I think
I've got the magic touch here yeah so
I'm expecting a lot of money coming my
way the interesting thing is we decided
to go this light afternoon like event
rather than the night event because it
was the only one we could do if
boiling-hot in Essex right now literally
I'm sweating you can see this because we
actually like five takes this intro
because alex is a mug and also write the
people here it's not really the sort of
clientele you expect to hang out on
Thursday I mean they say the average age
is is retirement and I know seems being
wheelchairs neck braces I think you're
some kind of like day-out arrange for
the local work old-age pensioner home
burn let me in there I'll be in there
with them and hopefully we need some
money this guy out the column so hot
let's put some money on the dog biscuit
and I might
just exciting isn't it
it's a capacity crowd made no mistake
just so they run on sand yeah yeah this
is like banging today this is like the
time to come I think this is when it's
like best atmosphere when it's just
empty and it's just us two so it's gonna
be a girl right
oh I don't hear that said a pin drop
okay guys we got her a little bit early
basically so we've got a bit of time to
kill let me show you how this stuff
works so we've got some race is
happening today this is the guys on how
you can bet on them you can bit a dog to
win the race music gotta come first we
win no money you can be run into place
which means they've got to come first or
second I believe yes it does
so that's sort of like put your money on
- yeah you get less money
exactly yeah yeah you can bet on like
who you think the first free horse first
read dog story will be now the
individual races we're going to stay for
free races today the first one is the
208 these are the dogs let fly demo
Borak magic - my Valentine little good
thing teaching those best time gentlemen
which one of them jumps out at you
teacher knows best jumps out and makes
my mum's a teacher right well teacher
knows best form it came second to this
last race okay the race before that
fifth second no winging it so maybe it's
a place could be a good bet I'm thinking
I'm gonna go time gentlemen it's got a
lot of seconds and thirds I reckon I
might go to place on time gentlemen
got a question for you Spencer yeah are
you picking your whole space in their
names or how they placed in the park
well I look at the name and now I see
other forms like and if it's tennis I
come off in the 2:27 for example lady
more flyer jumps out on me what's the
form like third second second fifth
first first not bad bad at all there's
no one in the rear jump of the page in
terms of in terms of form there so I'll
pretty go lady will fly in that one what
were you thinking lady McFly folks
looser like McFly when I was younger
there a boyband from the UK yeah and
also the surname of Marty McFly from
Back to the Future which is where they
buy their name and the final race we're
going to do is 247 who are Genesis
Artemis we've got mercury magic Selena
Mae River vault KH and kuku Kingdom I'm
definitely going cougar Kingdom they
love the name and look at the form it's
won its last two races cougar Kingdom is
one for me here you go I'll get on to
Bush I make things interesting by
copying me
by copying maybe you should go from our
creamer he's a vaginas Artemis yeah
that's a sick name music son party party
party
Oh tank gun by not so much aquatic is
this the best that you've ever gone on
so far definitely the top three really
are the other two with me or with a
colleague on my three dates first three
half birthday on his time and all right
we've got our bets on five pounds on
teacher knows best to win that's my one
if I found on time gentlemen to win
you're a gentleman no I chose it exactly
there in the fifth and sixth language
the wider lane so they've got a run
round slightly longer route but they
could recite their specialists just
start it bill ticket and if even then
when we go and collect our winnings one
of them definitely gonna win on okay how
much we're gonna win if one of our
things were ever met we put the bet on
before they made the optimal break abuse
in making the odds now so we did it
before we backed ourselves and they face
in the name get backfires and therefore
you get backfires then we'll waken the
odd to the next year race
yours is the orange one orange bit far
as yours all right mines black and white
black and white number six parents it's
ours and their friends I think number
one that's quite powerful and my next
guy ed really skinny you tasted the my
side daughter
my five six six is done alright sixty
leading is going to get skin tired
getting tired
thanks skin tired okay I was a bike or
six I'm on the second six oh six gone
five six good well see is another one
number one one let flight Damon where
does come I think I came second I didn't
bet each way I bet to win so Homer yours
is my last okay race one is over now I
learned something from that because I
think I could pick a good dog I mean my
dog came second I didn't bet age why I
bet to win that's why I didn't win any
money forever when the dogs came out I
look to them I looked at one I said to
you one looks strong yeah
who won it strong dog what 1 1 so 1 1 if
I wait till the 2nd race and I wait to
see the dogs come out I'm gonna look at
them again
yes have a think about it then the odds
also change windows tonight so they
would have made one that they pretty
made ones odds less good wrong and they
saw him yeah we made me move kill
Muhammad in my bet you've got a bet to
win it with the bookies outside you have
to bet to win you can't be age way
unfortunately we've got to bet to win
yeah so let's put the bet on how they
look rather than what they called
exactly if they look good and they've
got good night that's the dream scenario
3 connection
right I've got a bit on the number one
called lady McFly three two one five
pound on that alex has got fire on inner
evil which is number three dog five to
one on that there's 25 oh my god if you
win it number one this red one here red
okay no political right we're looking
for one and three come on wanted to
talking one
no one wanted this
so what do you think mother one oh my
god it was tight
it was tired oh my god stomp think I'm
not in it oh oh yeah one lost again yeah
come lost but it didn't win but I want
I'm saying you've done it your thumb in
it me I'm saying you sorry you said I'm
okay thank you
yay why go here winnings no say good
well done five-pound on 15 quid profit
five-pound get your stake back to 20
feedback in total which means we're even
now for the day's we've done two races
we've lost no money get made no money
we've made it back here so it's all on
the last thing third and last racing
about go so let's do some serious
homework right now and then just bet it
all just hope it just comes in
forget it
okay first race is over our dogs came
second and third so we just missed out
the dog that we said looked really good
when it came out we wish he came first
you should say we said that every single
race thank you then by the highway keep
probably the doctor would really not
want their real-life dogs
Ricky going yeah but we have to go bet
on the horses people look at us like we
don't belong here I think I think we did
I think we did I think we do wrong it's
a fun date that wasn't it it was
actually a really fun day I definitely
recommend the dogs for a day it's a
little bit different isn't it a bit
rough and ready but it's not very
glamorous so which would you roll back
on your first day
would you rather come in when it's busy
all alone see like it was today I
probably prefer a physics that'd be more
atmosphere and yeah you know there was
nobody cheering I felt bit silly going
come on dogs maybe we should come back
another time not in an evening when it's
really busy can get the whole atmosphere
maybe we're experts in out picking the
dogs we know how to do it yeah you mean
the bookies no I was talking about maybe
this could be a second job for you maybe
first I should quit you to become a dog
man document horseman you're not horses
okay guys that is it for today's
alphabet dating episode I hope you've
enjoyed it if you have please drop a
like on the video subscribe to spend and
Alex if you'd like to see more of us
doing what we do and leave us a comment
below with what other alphabet Dayton's
you'd like to see us do next
e is the next letter I think of lots of
possibilities there elephant training
extreme ironing extreme ironing no gang
egging let's go egging people's houses
those sort of ideas guys we need them
get them rolling in the comments below
we'll see you next time but until then
don't go changing she smashed it Alex
got best bet on the number three for
Earth really the horses oh my god Kevin
horse
are you picking your whole space in
their names third race is over our
horses
