oh my god she's blogging hello I'm back
with another weekly vlog you remember
back in January now and I was in New
York and I sadly dropped this camera on
the floor and it broke the lens of
sticking out was actually loved it at
the time so it's a very devastating
state of affairs but Canon kindly fixed
it for me so I'm back and I'm hoping to
be doing tons more weekly blogs I'm
actually really really miss blogging
which is you shouldn't ever expect to
say but that is all good today is
Saturday and I thought I'd start today
it's got quite a fun day plans will
evening planned actually it's pretty
late now I think it's like three o'clock
and but today George has been in work
all day so I've just been pottery and
had a real of the day into late 12:30
that never happens we both slept until
then he went to work for a while and I
just had a nice long bath religious
morning call in a bit of work and just
got myself Bradley I'm going out for
dinner with the girls today we've got
friends over from London so me myself me
myself like me many BC D and Mary are
and going to be disbursed but I'll catch
up
sorry last night or with the boys I
didn't get to catch up properly switch
going to me and her for a few hours
forming up with rest of them quickly
show you my outfit today I'm feeling I
my hair up for a change or just sort do
is and the different knows how to worry
I don't have the whole day but let me
show you my outfit so I'm looking quite
fashionista in a fashion office today
haven't seen it I'll leave a link down
below there's like four looks that on
trend for spring we can Wetworks over
that I'm at beauties now here she is
water bag just move into any flat look
at my boobs
we have massive 10 decimeters 20 flat
and it's absolutely gorgeous
that old doing man thing and they got a
G&T with no I underlined but we're
rocking it yeah can't start by uploading
everybody I am running so late today
Sue's Monday and I set my labs like 6:30
and the stupidly turned off smooth and
didn't get up until a o'clock where the
one is cover 7 so I'm really a little
bit late I am today shoot in a lookbook
video for my channel which I'm really
excited about I'm using a new team today
and they've got kind of got into it with
me and I think that they'd like to work
me so I'm going to be creating a bit of
a lookbook video I think this will go
like this blog will go live on Friday
making focus pools I am this blog will
go live on Friday and then the lookbook
video hopefully will be live a few days
after that so yes we're going to be
shooting four locks around Manchester so
just quickly trying to get ready I mean
I'm not not lately I'm just concerned I
like being earlier like don't like to
rush as you already know right now so
yes just trying to quickly get ready and
we have breakfast and I'm going to meet
them on tip Street in the northern
course it's not too far from my flat so
that's all good bloody hell yesterday
was such a write-off it's such a good
night on Saturday with the girls B BT
and Mary I don't know how much footage I
got from it cos it's a little bit messy
but we already spent for a lovely meal
kappa dinner and at this place called
Runa in the Northern Quarter and
we didn't really eat enough you know
when you like chyann a name in capacity
you like picking up this and I could
definitely could have done with a few
more plates but that didn't happen so
yeah it was a messy one we went to and
the spinning field straight after Mike's
outside just drinking an artisan had a
few bottles of Prosecco and then
suddenly it hit me like half 12 how
drunk I was so I came home to Georgia
Knowles they were sat in our living room
apparently I just stared at them when I
got in christopherkrum
and the girls carried on medic getting
to five I'm really glad that I went home
because I was hungover enough as it was
getting hit at one o'clock so yeah it
was really really fun though like
hilarious such a good night with the
ladies
because just in my hair now as you can
see and I will report back a little bit
later
so goodbye I hope all that was in focus
pops up I look number one is done
hundred heading back the fun outs get
changed I am really excited to take that
one video such a beautiful day in
Manchester
that blue sky here's today's rig so
we're working with today I'm this little
guy this is Table eight feeling sexy
I
welcome for ya
hi I'm so I'm back from filming with
the handsome snaps and things so if I've
got them I'll insert them here but
they'll be in the blog post coming up
anyway very very soon but yeah I've been
mad for about that now and I'll just
have to like tidy the room because you
know when you getting changed in between
shooting and stuffing you took
everything on the bed and on the floor
it wasn't looking good so weights about
so George got got back just reply to a
few emails and yeah I'm just waiting for
him to get home now I think we're just
going to have a really chilled one I
need to be like attached to my laptop my
fingers with like being out all day is
great and others are still working
because like creating a video and work
with an our news team which is so
exciting but um yeah I just feel a
little bit naughty when I'm not at my
laptop like replying to people like
right away which is just ridiculous
because I'm still working so far seeing
an awesome I'll maybe later GG though
we're going to get some grub yeah and
we're gonna go for some grilled we must
but I'm gonna do this okay
editing time to go
ah right let's edit this search show
you're going to do to it no no I thought
half of it what's it need
Oh kinky hmm
thank you a little gray just drop this
in oh my god yeah yeah I agree
quick three times let's go wonderful
Thank You Marion good morning everyone
I'm happy to say so I've clicked think
about today the forever bad style I feel
very very stressed today I've got so
much work on which is obviously amazing
the really great and I love working on
projects with brands it's why I really
enjoy doing but when they all fall at
the same time it's just like ah just
walking over that is on them on me and
unfortunately I chose a career which
means taking photos of myself and I
can't do that on my own so I've got a
reliant of the people and it just gets a
little bit tricky I think I need her
hire my sister my barkas yeah I just
need an extra pair of hands to be able
to take picture of myself which sounds
ridiculous and it's such a personal
health problem but that is my life so
we've kind of I think I've kind of
sorted out my predicament of when I'm
going to shoot things and what days and
one needs to be signed off and when they
go in live and all that and just getting
those logistics oyd and who's going to
shoot it and and I think we're okay I'm
going to shoot one today in hoodies
field and the weather is not quite under
you can see that the weather's not quite
as nice as Sophie and I were expecting
which is a shame so the photos won't be
we creating a mood board for it and I
don't think they're going to be looking
quite like we wanted them to but that's
okay and see everybody had such a
feeling shoot in the countryside on the
Morse though it would be fun and then
come back and then I don't know so I'll
bring you along with me for the little
train ride and get the train from
Victoria Station which I've never done
before
I always got used to get a tramp
Victoria when I used to live an apparent
house but I've never got a train from
Victoria before start nice go back to my
old stomping ground believe it's changed
quite a lot actually so that'd be nice
to see anyway I'm just waffling kind of
crass mating because about a bit
stressful morning it's not me stressful
I just get myself into a righteous when
I can't do things I hate having to rely
on other people take it slow I work
myself
so yes I'm just going to finish up a few
emails and shit and then going to get
going on my merry way to Huddersfield
some at Victoria Station now and it's so
different obviously now oh but I
stupidly in teheran times and I can't
going to recline with our circle lunch
feminist and a good old coffee just can
hang out a little bit so boring playful
cool
I've made it to the old countryside with
self which I did a bit of a recce
but look at this about hey what the hell
freaking gorgeous that's considered
proper golf before that lock oh my god
it's amazing far cry from bloody
Manchester and it got me rallies on
ready to go I'm ready for my close-up
we don't talk anymore we don't talk
anymore
get up succulent back we use to do you
take it down excuse me get a degree
tough shot I'm off to give you a little
bit now I'll get all their will on a kid
hello don't overbuy knock your last
fucking book you eyes through edge
there's no one else that
what do you think watch where you're
going with
we're going to a little bridge on yonder
mean Yorkshire now got feet like her yo
just walk woman whoever plastic get out
the road Shoop ah they get a so it's
okay one in Yorkshire good morning
everybody I've got myself an espresso
hands really cute marbles
as mythical house Weaver and yesterday
was amazing we shot in at Martha month
in Yorkshire and it was so so good the
shots were bright into course the window
today I'm George and I are going to be
doing some work and I've got so much
work on right now as I said yesterday
which is really exciting I just need a
bit of help with it so you're just going
to help me do that today it we've got
about six looks to shoot three to shoot
and three to filled so yeah 51 but I
said I treated to brunch so he's just in
the shower yeah we're going to go for
some brunch first I think very to
federal because as I favor place and
then get on with shooting so yeah very
busy working week today I hope it's been
interesting than I did yet I have no
idea why even filmed but just another
busy working day is a goal a Morgan is
that all right I'm vlogging oh you want
me out this is my outfit of the day
head-to-toe Matalon I'm vlogging you
always Moose's head to toe Madeline I'm
very impressed with these muscle on
jeans and this jacket got salt and red
glasses at Gucci bag how about you quite
high on the Google jumper today jacket
giggle
I'm Google the Google time shot my mom
says I am the Google learn it today it's
my most complimented garment if
beautiful garment you know everyone I've
got to speak a little bit quieter cuz
George is having a little nap gonna
sleep now for about how are now in half
and he's just not could have been doing
like two - bullshit the past two days
and home tonight he's working night
shift again - a sex doll - so keep the
tired teddy so I'm just speaking love it
laughs a little bit quite unusual stone
ring tomography needs of sleep and but
and yesterday stress you know long in
the past feeling really good just headed
to this blog getting sort of funny I'm
like in hysterics so yesterday's footage
was so fishy age of cracks me up like oh
he has just been like an attached to my
computer kind of afternoon and I'm going
to escape with my blame ladies my
management team and in a few minutes so
that's probably really something really
to report by thought jeggings fairly
shot anything today and branch that
better ball with class by the way like
so so great as always we just on our way
to get film HHS to grab sat in our
engine so yeah we do have brunch out so
now we're going to tea output to the
wake now how you feeling kiddo short
sweet version about in an hour so it's
I got a quick bite to eat
I think we're going to go in tally
Andale look at that covered head
hello everybody and happy Thursday I
haven't loved a single thing to ever
been so so busy as I have the whole
week's is not really an excuse makes
about five o'clock now and I'm just
setting up to film the video and I've
been shooting with Sophie again this
morning and filmed another cheeky video
this morning as well and the really
productive day just got my monthly
flowers nope by week please so either
week fortnightly and prescription of
flowers I'm going to crack into these
now and get them in some water
I get me from bloomer and I think 25
pounds every time is quite expensive for
a beautiful flower is come wrapped up
amazingly well in a bar with Walter here
I mean it's probably not worth 25 pounds
I'm after eating this because it was a
great idea of time but that ex Mullins
25 quid so but let's get them into the
water
just hi how are we are just filling up
my bar excuse all the washing up then it
might be walking bad with some butter is
that Colin nothing to reapply this
lipsticks not good to put out with some
lunch with Sophia like the tree at the
lunch which it comes all the way from
Manchester from home field because it's
at least I can do because she happens me
out yeah that's all I really got say I
will show you my flowers once I've
sorted them out a little bit of film a
video is a sneak peak a build set up
three lights I bought these two big
lights big stuff boxes recently and
they're really good at the difference in
my videos is amazing that's all the
product down on the floor and must get a
little side table to like pop them on
through so much easier this is my outfit
for the day
very very room so beautiful all the bear
very small bunch last month roughly
expunged were much much bigger which
here they are look in terms of you if I
love the colors this time the Pink's the
blues or the dark pink down here just
beautiful feel of a fresh flower that's
better look at that pink leg I've got my
neon flamingos up on can't see that
there's a girl and it makes the most
beautiful light
I've just finished filming great success
appendage today it's rendering the
quarry college student expand now
whatever socialism for me that he can no
longer he's working tonight which is
kind of annoying but well it just means
having to be tied to my laptop's worth
next few hours which is good really
because it's Friday tomorrow
and how do you like to have a love a
relaxed Friday you know self-employed
liable and so I'm cooking for one so I
think collective beans on toast you know
sometimes when beans on toast is just
like the best meal ever weekly beans
washed uh yeah Heinz beans and got some
brown bread in the breeders I'm just
going to frost that just like up some
beans on toast very very simple tea for
me tonight but I think I might finish
the vlog here I really enjoyed being
back in the old logging game this week I
hope it's been interested beer it's been
such a busy week and lots of work he
stuff so this kind of like a typical
working weeks me when I'm really busy so
hope you've enjoyed seeing that next
week I'll be back because I'm really
enjoy him is called weekly vlog iam
larks I'll be back next week but I
really hope you've enjoyed this video
give it a thumbs up if you have and let
me know in the comments if you've
enjoyed me being back in the blogging
game and yeah I'll see you in my next
video which are they on Sunday now I and
have a good weekend
right yeah goodbye
