hello everyone how's it going all right
so as I'm sure you know last weekend it
was summer in the city which if you
don't already summer in the city is like
a big YouTube festival where those
people come down there's panels and
talks i can get to meet everyone it's
really fun it was a great weekend I had
a nice time I'm so much of a nice time
in fact that I filled bits in it but I
was having too much of a nice time so
I'm basically I just got a load of
different clips which when you put them
together don't make blows a sense but
that's fine so i thought i'd probably
give it and make a quick little video
anyway starting off I'll with Jed words
on a bus to the YouTube pie so what's
not to love I hope you enjoy it if you
came to sit low every weekend I was
really nice to meet you and yet there's
a main video on Sunday coming and have a
style one so you look out for that and
yeah I hope you enjoy this one yeah we
are on an old school bus it is a boy bus
maybe like the 99 time
yeah she's right let's know lucious go
pop your hands now
it's terrific to religion I wish I
kitchen on my own nobody got any mission
we did but I don't from so every jump
Ricky Wiggum am I thinking you should
happy be you
I'm just going to get refreshed and
sleep this more really yeah I wish
already by majority one day to just
arrived very little idea what's going I
having a lovely time all the same I
haven't found anyone yet except this guy
so I'm going assess the slack situation
that's probably first war cool I'm
enjoy the day what a beautiful moment I
was just wandering around came round the
corner Maz I need some hands and Jax are
they made eye contact a beautiful moment
when we hug it out as lovely and we're
going to head over and explore its Wars
the little pickup truck over here
because just what why not have a nice
time for the house like you can place
your first Super Show The talk officiate
the tour our boys when all right I'm
here when smashing it looked is nice in
a week sweet ok we give you a photo in
here
the theme of this like today is just not
knowing where I'm going a lot of SEMA
fast me break it clap your hands now cut
your hands now clap your hands now go
get in touch down now
all I grosir Austin's with hung up going
clap your hands now cut your hands now
clap your hands now go get your hand out
of our insides really buff this step but
we're towards the end of the day hello
I've got a big pink flamingos on cigs
where's four of us i think is made for
us in this forest I spinnin it's been an
exhausting day really fun so that's our
dinner okay this is for dinner in a
bloody tree I'm pinching Dave some of
our people oh snap
you
