hello everybody welcome back to another
weekly vlog I'm feeling very fresh
because I went for the whole part six
about an hour before my alarm
I've done 20 minutes of yoga I've washed
my face I've made my bed and now I'm
going to put another wash on because I'm
still getting through my holiday washing
I'm gonna make myself some breakfast I'm
really obsessed with fruit and fibre or
from not having pretty fiber than having
eggs I'm going to have a bowl of in
Allen milk and the strawberry that
almond milk so this morning I need to
finish editing last week's vlog because
it's very long and need to cut it down
I'd like it to be about 40 minutes and
it's currently 52 so I filmed too much
last week I think the only I wasn't
doing much I just talked to England
saying to suffering that love that we
had fish cakes and salad and it was
really young and you've seen my mum at
some times I've hardly seen her sits up
in home need to see my grandma speaking
on the phone and on texture we're going
to see her she always likes to see my
holiday pictures after I've been away so
show another Croatia fiction oh I'm
paying off Disney this week which I'm
very excited about I know that's not
really a big deal to announcer it's a
big deal to me because I've worked
really hard and I know it's human to
achievement also means any 60 days to go
until Disney which is crazy
Charlotte's booking our fast passes this
week I didn't really need to address and
she's the Disney expert I mean although
if she's working and I'm home then I'll
jump on into it but we did a plan last
week if you watch last week's vlog so we
know what we want we're going to eat my
breakfast which way YouTube start my day
is only like cool part 7 at the moment
and I start my freelance drafts at 8:00
I do eight to one although I can really
do whatever hours I like I like to get
over with at the beginning the day so
then set up the day and I can spend the
rest of the afternoon working on the
blog
ready for it to close at 6:00 so I will
catch you later
okay it's lunchtime I just had a tuna
bagel I bought the spinners bagels and
they're really nice actually it was some
cucumber so now I'm going to basically
just sit and write replies do the
letters that I was sent last week it was
really flatter than men I'm going to be
editing my blogs I'm not finished yet it
is so sunny outside so I'm going to go
for a run I've put my phone on my arm
I'm going to go for a little run I'm not
going to bring the camera because I want
to have as many free hands possible I'm
going to carry water water but it's 20
clustering I'll be probably an hour and
back
I just wanted to film my red face to
prove it I was 40 minutes and I
basically did a big loop so I live right
by the beach so I'm so unfit by Lisa so
a little bit something 5 to 8 I dried my
hair ate dinner and now I'm basically
getting the bed all ready so that I can
watch YouTube videos and I'm basically
video planning and stuff and I'll see
tomorrow good morning it's the 1st of
August so the weather's like today oh
it's good
I slept much better last night so where
I haven't been in my bed for a couple of
weeks feeling good I am off to boxing
this morning I'm going to try and it
again it's 20 past 8:00 moment of an
upset face when we had a boxing it
starts at 10:00 and then I've got flap
inspection at 3 o'clock this afternoon
and then I'm going out with Meghan
tonight so we're going to have a catch
up and get some dinner
this is one of my favorite parts of the
day like you're having breakfast and
sitting and watching YouTube I've got an
Amazon sized egg which has my YouTube
playing through so I can literally go on
my iphone and play it to the TV I can
pick what I want like as if this is my
controller love it got a good run even I
didn't like it on I've left the camera
at home charging but I'm off to boxing
and I'm really excited about this I
don't know how long I'm going to keep
boxing up for but it's half an hour I'm
building up my exercise again and I'm
proud of that so let's go if you ever
get on I had good intentions to go in
and film some of boxing for you but it's
so difficult when you're the new girl
and you have to get partnered up with
somebody and I didn't want to film
getting the gloves and stuff we just
went straight into it but it was really
good look at my face
swishy mess now and we're going to go
home and shower a shower here take this
it's quite busy because it's half-term
oh well I'm going to I think I'm not
going to go to my mom's first and then
I'm going to go home I've been to my
mum's and I've just had a Jimmy's iced
coffee some of you know I used to work
for Timmy so I used to addicted to these
to have like three a day sometimes more
and then my stomach hated it cause I
can't have all that milk but I like the
skinny one that was perfect little post
boxing treat I've just don't the post
office and sort of the letters are
applied to on my inner Keogh box and one
went to Australia so I wanted to show
you my mum picked me up this really nice
dress from Zara I really like it got a
little bit red applique a kind of floral
pressing on the arm it's a wrap dress so
it's actually a little bit big where you
can see my brass I just need to add a
couple of stitches but otherwise I
really like the length of it is really
pretty so thank you mum this is so sweet
of heart and then by preordered greatest
book that just went and picked up so I
have no filter which I'm very excited to
read so massive congratulations grace
I'm so custody
make the book launched last week but
really really proud of her and I know
quite a lot of things are in here
because she's open up to me before it
was released and I'm really proud of her
because I know that this took a lot for
her to talk about and there's some
really good advice and stuff in here so
I'm very excited to give it a read I
really like the the font and the size of
the text and stuff so it should be quite
a nice read so I'm going to pop that
with my carry book and then my mum also
picked me up these things to go a little
bit the candles first so apparently she
heard on the grapevine that these from
Aldi are basically a dupe for John
Malone's blackberry and Bay which is one
of my favorite scents ever so she got me
two and honestly they smell so good not
quite the same but very similar and so I
don't know how much they were but thank
you so much mom for thinking of me she
got super cell and two for me and then
she also taped me up these little
cabinet storage boxes I don't know where
these are from I'm going to put my some
of my beauty products in here I needed
some more storage boxes so these are so
cute I just got the shelve I need to
redo my hair again it's five past one
and my letting agents are coming at 3:00
to inspect the flat brilliant so I just
need to finish tidying up
it took me an hour but the spot is flat
this yeah good very good the flat is
spotless now so I thought I'd show you
hitch in done with desk look my mum's
little lamb bask in there which is cute
this is all tidy of hoovered all the
washing gone I just got a couple last
little bits hanging behind the door
super tidy I want to push that box since
you can't see it all of this is tidy now
as well I've tidied out all the makeup
stuff my bathrooms really tidy as well
but you don't interesting that love it
and my lasting agents are coming in an
hour so I've got an hour to just do a
little bit of work so I'm off outfitting
it with Megan I'm wearing all Navy I've
got flip-flops jeans brown on top
Zara cardigan my long jump bag these are
from American Eagle Outfitters yeah am I
am Havana's havaianas so this is my
outfit sort of make upon I filmed my
Medfield's Q&A so I'm going to edit that
at some point tomorrow also
day I just oughta myself a taxi as I'm
to have a catch-up as I've been on
holiday and it should be good fun so
let's go
their office today because I'm getting
some new clients I think I'm gonna be
going to see office like once a month
catch ups and did help with some
reporting and things like that sorry
Nico just put my perfume on somewhere my
new dress lemon got me I've actually had
to sit tight form because it's raining
outside so I'm going to be working nine
to two o'clock in the offices today in
this afternoon I'm going to be tidying
up the O'Neill's stuff that you just see
and the blog post something for them and
Diane Benji's coming over tonight you've
been working in High Wycombe this week
and he's staying here tonight and going
back to I would comfort us on Friday so
I'm going to make carbonara finish our D
so I'll take him on days like today make
me really appreciate not having to a
make up and being honest jamas and not
having cleared to work I do like the
idea of getting up and going and having
routine cause I used to do that for so
long but I much prefer the situation I
have now almost ready to go to work
which is very weird to me but I'm
watching my friend Tamsin something you
might remember Tamsin actually because
we are really good friend Susan friends
for a long time and she moved back to
Essex and she's had a baby and she's
engaged and she's also making new two
videos again so I'm going to link Tamsin
below please subscribe to her I'm on
weekly real number one but she actually
has done cheese I need to catch up with
that one as well but yeah she's so
lovely came out when it was like limited
you'll really like her she's so genuine
and just like down-to-earth and really
nice girl so yeah that's Tamsin and then
I wanted to show you I have packed
myself some snacks in this little lunch
bags I got from home bargain I've got
like a cat priest on a yoga that's going
off today cereal bar and some biscuits
for the office and I'm going to have a
cup of tea and I've also got my lava and
water ball so my laptop and what else
have I got it only shit my tails and
it's in here and love this little bag
there's a mini bag either cute and then
I'll be ready to go and my Karen isn't
Tamsin so I know it's very Sarah typical
English of me to moan about the weather
but this is August it's absolutely
horrible
I just got soaked luckily I picked up my
raincoat today but I'm wearing tights
and we saw I'm wearing and my legs are
freezing so anyway two o'clock now just
finished work I had a really good day
went really quickly and I'm going to go
to Albie now and get some bits the
carbonara for Benjy 9 for dinner tonight
back from I'll be here algae and thought
I'd just show you the things with it's
hard I'm going back out again because
then you create the post office and I'm
actually sending this camera off to be
repaired again the back
the screws have come off the backs of
the screen that flips up I can see
myself in is hanging off and it needs to
be repaired again but I'm just going to
hang that there for second your mum and
put back on
so toilet paper I'm quite fast me about
my new role and I like it to be quilted
I think my mum instilled this in me a
while ago but and yeah I'd buy the Aldi
one is only like a two pound 20 or
something I think for wilted Twitter arm
comparison to other supermarket is
actually quite cheap one pound 49 before
so after that Colibri argument will
depending I've had with film tonight
cucumber some salmon for my dinner
tomorrow night
raspberries perhaps strawberry this week
and I fancy pressing L drainage cake bar
I thought they'd be quite good when I'm
craving some sugar I just have one of
these when I was a chocolate bar
creme fraiche to make carbonara tonight
and the Parmesan cheese go with it I
picked up a little rice puddings I
thought this would also be quite good
dessert when I want sugar and it arrived
pudding with a bit of jam my childhood
memories come and got some bread to go
with our carbonara tonight we normally
get garlic bread but I just picked up
where we're seeing much to go in my
sermon mix vegetables because I also
live alone it's a way for me to buy all
the individual ones so I just buy it in
a like mixed medley bag myself to get my
veggies in my freezers not big enough to
freeze bed you've got peas and stuff in
there but I can't have all of the
carrots and broccoli and stuff
pancetta to have in a carbonara I also
got these avenging eye because they're
little so I thought they're not as bad
as like a big ice cream and they're 126
calories so they're just little Oreo
lollies I just thought they'd be quite
nice to have I found me extra white gum
I'm going to actually take that back out
of my car and it come to the thing that
you click on so you can have it on your
stash if you like so I'm going to put
this in my car again so I just keep
buying buddies projects in fact I'm
going to take a bunch out so that loads
in my wardrobe and I'm going to Pat it
camera up so say goodbye the beautiful
quality camera I'm hoping that we'll be
back by Friday if not then expect it in
next week's vlog I'm going to go back to
the old camera which I now threw back in
my junk cover
old electronics that don't really work
anymore but I'm going to go back to that
oh no no no Zoomer me okay I've got some
work to do so I'll just away click on
I'm just filling in a customer repair
form luckily I have a printer now I love
it because I can do stuff like this but
yes I'm doing I'm back on the old camera
I just cut out the shower it's cause for
seven I've been up since half five who
spends you went to work he'll be back
tomorrow night but we had a really
lovely evening today I'm working on my
social media things I'm actually doing a
couple of new projects today write in
the blog post for a new company a new
client and then this afternoon I'm
tidying up the meds owners log which I
spoke pretty much finished editing it
yesterday but I need to do the
description and some noun bit so I'm
going to do that I'm catching up with my
friend Jess JDR maker and I have a cup
of tea and my breakfast scrambled egg
I'm thinned bagels with some beans
because and he had two eggs and I was
very hungry I've got my converse bushing
in the washing machine if you can turn
that noise but I want to show you I
tweeted this last night and it's had a
crazy response everyone's like oh your
nanny so cute but she basically sent me
a text last night and like 20 plus ten
saying and did mummy I didn't call my
mom mommy anymore that my nanny still
does tell you she showed me the
wonderful film of you having the time of
your life that she's referring to the
Croatia vlog it was better than going to
the pictures as the stuff like
granddaughter you make a good films that
you must really enjoy your life darling
especially now you have a lovely
boyfriend where I have wedding bells
which say you would make a beautiful
film start against you're repeating
yourself I'm so proud of you very good
lovely lots mani and then she even put
some flower emojis so I tweeted that out
and everyone's like oh she's so cute
this is so even look this morning Chris
stark many one I don't know why he
follows me I have no idea why Oh Carla
hello
and and he's just really like him he's
so funny I listened to the best show all
the time so anyway he said he ended up
sweet yeah there's just in so many nice
messages from you guys then that you've
got my nanny 3 so thanks
will it be amazing though I'm loving
Keaney
yeah in fact I've got quite a lot of
favorite youtubers at the moment I might
go through them later but Casey's next
week results are really really good if
you want somebody new I really like her
I have got no motivation I've finished
for breakfast high-poverty I've been
working for 45 minutes and I'm just
struggling to get my brain in it today
and and I'll still go to Kosta and if
you work from there but I don't want to
spend money on coffees so and also look
at me I'm in with gels that I have them
her hair I think because yesterday I had
colleagues to bounce off I was feeling
very motivated and I worked really hard
yesterday and now today I'm just not in
the right mind frame like if I gone the
whole week of working at home fine but I
think that Break of being in the office
yesterday has impacted my work today
such can't I can't get into it I'm about
to pay up to see thank you for calling
the Walt Disney travel company this is
Wellington help me help you I have just
paid off Disney I'm so so happy I can't
believe it's only 58 days to go now any
other trip I've had books and planned
and wanting to do for a really long time
and it was a huge goal of mine this year
to do it
there isn't a day that goes by where I
don't think about Disney I'm researching
it I spent pretty much all day working
and now I'm about to do some filming
guess what I'm filming so yes it is new
later video so I'm getting Disney side I
put the Disney Mickey top on I got from
Primark going through silver is coming a
great top got my regular pump I put it
on ages ago coming off now paint my
nails red makeup
written the notes I need I'm just going
to get filming so I'll catch you when
I'm done
dear Mito all under the sofa which is
great
whoo toady this is how many batteries
I've gone through today charging them up
it's ridiculous I put all the candles on
it's really nice I've got a documentary
do gorillas
I don't see much about the RSPCA on and
I just uploaded my med sailors to an a
so I'll link that below if you haven't
seen that already a bit of a niche video
really for people who are interested in
med failures but this will be the last
video now for anything to do with both
my trips so everything's there if you
need to know anything and I've also been
looking on a source I currently have 14
items totaling 412 pounds which I don't
even have in my bank account right now
so I'm obviously not going to spend that
I just love like when I'm really in the
mood to go shopping but I don't really
have the funds to do so right now and I
just go on a sauce and I browse and I'm
like oh yes that was it cute for Florida
or I like that well that's pretty I like
that I'll get Danny on my side left
I thought the basket good morning it's
Friday it's 10 o'clock I've just been
doing a little bit of work on my phone
in bed I actually got really early had
breakfast and I got so tired again I
went back to sleep and then I woke up at
hop-off 9 which was nice so bit of a
lie-in
today it's not 10 o'clock and I'm going
to just whip down the flap keep it tidy
again I've got a little bit washing up
from last night ball the sun's out it's
a beautiful day
Benji's coming home tonight and we're
going down to the beach hut to spend the
weekend there my family form us
fireworks are back on tonight they're on
every Friday for next month which is
really exciting
so the fireworks go off at the end of
the pier but we can see them from the
beach where we stay and it's meant to
rain tomorrow so I'm going to do ball
games and maybe have some why-would-you
food and stuff like that so I'm really
looking forward to weekend with him and
my mum and John her boyfriend partner
I'm going to go to their house this
morning though because
as those parcels there for me I've
ordered some birthday present so people
that wanted them to my mum's just in
case I was out so I'm going to go get
all that I'm just going to get myself
organized or hoping my camera will be
back today but it doesn't look likely so
that we back on Monday so I have to vlog
on this and my GoPro and my iPhone for a
minute so I'm still working on a video
I'm going to have some tuna and cucumber
pasta I basically cut really tiny pieces
of cucumber mix in with the tuna and the
Mayo and I'm going to have some pasta as
well but don't have any bread don't
really have a lot left in the fridge
just fruit and Diet Coke I give up this
pastor the need getting up but this is
quite a good dinner tortellini
so that goes all from the ate welcome
Susie the next week but yeah I don't
really have a lot going on so this is a
good lunch option passes cause it's okay
I've been a video and I'm listening to a
girl talk about what Disney hopped it I
have a cup of tea and I'll have some
chocolate chip things I love from
Primark so after that yeah anyway
I guess I'm almost signed by sword show
you after the new things that the body
shop has sent me first that we have this
which is the Amazonian think it's like
multi-purpose bomb it's nine pounds and
it basically is good for dry skin if you
have Patty's stretched skin marks dry
skin we got you sex once is clear your
mind hang-ups veggie hair care no
silicones so highlighted this design
this is the fruity green tea normal hair
and scalp cleansing hair scrub we look
at this banana staff banana shampoo and
conditioner this one balanced body and
minds with sparse the world is far the
word is on my favorite collections from
body shop and this is already out as
well and they've sent this one which is
the Thai macro line firming oil eighteen
pounds and it's been praised by Thai
woman for a stimulating an uplifting
scent and you can use it as a toning and
firming oil which I'm actually very
excited about it and anything goes
similar so that's that one so they have
the British rose petal soft gel toner
sounds amazing and then they sent me
this one which is 9050 the clarifying
milky toner and then lastly is the
Japanese matcha tea pollution clearing
mask removes pollution deeply purifies
and protects this sounds really good its
enriched with matcha green tea and it
makes you look like you have young
little skin apparently also something
looks rush which I swear by if you've
never applied your faith Mar that comes
you know really come in like a tub like
this if you haven't applied it with a
brush before then you are missing out
because about its revolutionary it goes
on so much better I don't want this
smells like but I love electric things
all look at it looks like an avocado oh
my goodness that is so nice it's very
strong very earthy scent you know wow
that's cool massive thank you to the
body shop because I adore their product
so it's really nice to see what new
stuff is out in the shops I've had a
parcel from soap & Glory come which I'm
really excited about it says welcome to
the happily ever lava ebooks club and it
basically teamed up with my kind of book
we invite you to pore over the page as
well as cleansing your pores and share
your views happily ever lava and the
rest of the club members online and
they've sent an actual book is called if
birds fly back there's a little bit of
info about it and here's the book then I
got really excited because I found some
pin badges in the bottom so this one is
just happily ever lava and it's a bird
and what I can attacking this says eye
makeup like this you guys know I love
pins I collect pins and this one's a
popcorn box it's really fronted for I've
also got the sugar crush body butter
cream and flake away what is this called
body polish and the righteous butter
creamy body wash so thank you very much
social glory I'm really tough in the
parcel I'm all packed for the beach huh
this one's got my clothes in it and this
one's got like bits and bobs
I need to sort some of it out
you
come on egg by oh it's so sunny on the
kinase it is let us go rain today but
not like this nice peanut rather it
didn't Bobby nice yeah what did we have
anything to tell you other than hello
good morning we're awake going to the
loose I don't think some of you asked me
show you up a little bit lighter thumbs
a a ones act like the toilet block many
design the corner the childhood that I
promised hours between us will pop
Twitter and then these are publicly so
able to have a private one here and
memories I'm wearing my marine pajama
oh my shrah ha-- turn off the light
Josh's when I wake up don't quit
they'll feel don't break break it into
Oh before I know
oh good
good
Oh
Oh
Beach we are in terrible danger
we've handled from caterwauling and now
we're just packing up her things and
we're heading home I'm just going to go
and watch football something I knew
while I edit yeah I'm staying in town oh
it's a lot a couple of cold ones with
the boys yep nice and I'll come out
after I'm done
we have dinner out tonight okay so it is
here we might eat at O'Neil's again
because I have a gift out to that as I'm
working with them this week so Benji
didn't come with me on Tuesday so with
stretc O'Neill there for you some grub
threat I have accumulated so much stuff
but I have just right in there
great I'll walk home isn't it nice
number trees was it like you thank you
though the kid yeah fine for its cost
plus three now and I just finished up
editing this vlog I'm so chef with it I
think I put a little bit of extra effort
in this week other than last week I was
quite distracted or working on my med
sailor's vlogs and the MLS video so this
week I had a bit more extra time to
focus on his looks I hope you liked it
try to mix it up here and there and next
week will be a bit samey
so I'm not doing a lot not a lot next
week pretty similar for this week
meet Benji and his mates
after the slip was finished I'm gonna
had a bath this afternoon and do my hair
and I'm tapped from the beach and I had
a really lovely weekend my brother some
one thing as he came home as well he's
got a new job that he's working in
Portsmouth at the moment sees about an
hour drive away anyway and he's gonna be
working on a boat and then that boat
will leave in a few weeks and then he'll
be like going around the world again he
is amazing what he does he's a second
engineer though which is just I'm really
really proud of him so it was really
lovely spend time with him last night
and lovely to be with my mom and Dawn as
well we stayed for the two nights in a
row which was lovely and I am just being
very refreshed and ready to start
another week but obviously news foot my
hair out was very naughty from the wind
and the beach so I hope you enjoyed this
vlog and I will see you again next week
if you're not already then please do
make sure you are following my Instagram
or my twitter subscribe to my channel
and yes see next week likes watching bye
you
