good morning we are off on a super fun
date Ulsan toilet today we're using ot
the drive to Alton Towers fulfills all
my happy things because a we're going
somewhere fun but B you have to wiggle
through a little village to get there
and you know how much I enjoy a country
village so I'm having like the time of
my life before we've even got that this
is it to our right home powers okay
behind B Street and we're on a cbeebies
bus but it's very much to do now retract
children's role of eternity in the rain
the hardcore like rap
it's a bit Risley but that is not
dampening our spirits I wanted to show
you the car owner you've gotten since
March on you mullah there we go I want
to show you the castle they've got a
reader bridal necklace hat and if it's
still there or not and why I do not know
but it used to be only through love it
it's like really like if we assume that
and they're right next door as roller
coaster and then over there that's I've
just come from
I come into your healthiest a fateful so
what does the bar grill is like love my
life
I'm going to get to the feeders off me I
just going through the map I think many
times because a lot of these areas I
like white people I please we go on a
lot of sanding exactly so not like you
done on Amazon ago - emotions right
after this and then make my way
Malachi 4:2 a lot of children move
because a lot of a pretty famous are
places because many things are going to
be this is the head cryogen test the
last three times at times I'm really
important and get me over part of our
shows change slow so what Cornette but
we're going back over to TV news and
roses with you area we're going back
over there because it's office is so
patient whilst have waited for the big
roller coaster she has been on those
obviously she's too short and I haven't
either because I think I'm getting old
also don't like big roller coasters much
they used to give me such a thrill
seekers but once we've thrown around as
much as possible work sound like what
I'll take only with the child but lean
phenomenal and so rather than explore
the rest of the parts which in the laws
are the really big roller coasters we're
just going to go back to you the soft
gentle Kizzy area to secretly things
about on our way to see bb's and we have
I think we've taken a wrong turn
actually we've stumbled into this like I
think it's called mutiny Bay doodles
follow hand please and we're not going
to go on it there were stuff is worried
that we're going to go on this to she
can see the water but Liam over there
was telling me that his favorite thing
ever as a child with subscribe people I
think I look you get these guns here we
go how do you do
oh I see right you could wait for these
boats to come Darcy and then you weren't
them come and do this one baby come and
do this one
I'll show you do it really quickly put
your put your hand on my hand ready
there we go you've got it working that's
their that's their biggest quit back
it's coming up strong George yeah what a
champion Liam's going Liam's gonna go on
the riser we could squirt him so he was
perfect
don't sweat it back this is it carefully
and his blood otter who taught me reach
me it is not right that is it
I'm sorry I'm not damn there's a town in
my bag that's the thing that I've
enjoyed the most today which goes the
show ah sometimes just good
old-fashioned fun which wins out right
now who did that was it oh thank you yes
thank you but I'll be carrying that
order I've got it thank you have a good
day bye is a happy six-year-old right
there
mum life I'm the one that gets to carry
the giant donut round for us today
yeah we are going on the go Jettas room
zoom right that's good
top if you like hi everyone
being with a donor so just come into
like an adventure playground area I just
need to conduct latest favorite thing
which is a zip wire nothing everything a
gossip wire amazing in there okay we'll
go have a look
according to Darcy is amazing in here
little saddle here we go
Oh doc yeah I think this might be for
children
okay how about how is mommy good to go
oh and it's awesome you're right I might
just watch you though from outside I'll
keep the are just here and it's cool in
here like a tree house yeah like a tree
house okay I'm ready a tiara
three two one oh she's doing much better
my dear Action Man we're killing up to
go on me in the night garden' boat ride
how if you watch one log a long time he
might have noticed the tears as I
mentioned I really like it oh my god oh
my enjoy as much as well thank using oh
she's bench is it where yeah
actually a very pretty boat right
this is my own partly when 10 subs
yes happy whirling machine in the tons
of time of my favorite good they remind
me of little toys and biphenyl extra and
I have shop with tiny like dolls houses
into life well at quantifying oh I don't
like that too much today we are just
leaving now and this is Becky who tried
to do like 3 5 today he was a nice
person
oh haha okay you guys my day so much big
levels Becky a moment oh you guys we're
heading back to the car now I'm getting
back on the road I really really enjoyed
the CBeebies land I think docketed -
that was our favorite that wasn't it
yeah I will put something photo for you
if you want to get ticket to here and
now we're going to go home and have some
quiet beep I go home and I'm in my
favorite room at the house the utility
room I want to show you how to pacify
the noise of my washing machine as I'm
saying this and realizing this might be
cement or anything ever episode you can
watch that weekly episode where I talk
about my you to dream you were on board
I know that you feel to enjoy that I
feel for utility rooms and when I was
showing you this as telling you it makes
a little noise listen
that's very satisfying to me I'm only
doing a quick speed wash then you got a
couple of bits in there if you do that
you press this and it starts going and
then when it's done it thinks you're
little soft but really quite happy got
by tumble dryer as well and I think
we're going to just have a little
snuggle down on these folks of The
Watcher film
okay going on Oh Leanne's teaming up
cleaning out the hot tub Darcy is
swinging in a row around is it raining
is that I've got all the bits and pieces
out now so I'll show you I always get
asked about things like this
just regular fusions going to cook those
make a little bit of salad this is like
the best ever dressing I love it so much
it's not made of cards that we have an
art card on the front because it goes
well with avocados partly but not made
of avocados these olives we absolutely
love look at them all the time and
obsessed with sticky which I thought as
me acne document mild cheese on the
fried cheese some coleslaw and then you
wrap it all in these wrap I'm going to
do some beans as well because also just
like beans so we're going to put some
beans on the side all right monkey buy
of two we're just a little relaxing are
you some editing
yeah what what footage do you everything
have you been flogging without me
knowing
yeah okay bye bye she's got going get on
with her anything like mother like
daughter Sona but I'm going to leave all
of that out and I'm going to get some
laptop bits done and Liam is actually
going to do it but I like I like to
think that I've managed the dinner
portion of the evening and the project
manager for it Liam is like the project
executor for it I'm going to sit down my
little corner which is why I like it
best and go through my emails my admins
and all that sort of stuff and get cozy
and let's also pick a film I love it das
is actually bought the standard take
your laptop but you know some editing on
a and what are the easiest enact this
how money works if you snack a little
laptop let me show them the laptop yes
this is good editing software fabulous
I'm going to re enjoying alongside that
taking a break from laptop stuff we are
reading mum's photo album this looks
like a good a good one doodle this is
mom
Robin this is mum when she was a baby
whoa what a day oh what a sweet old
welcome doodle mum like kiss sit good
girl six months old
well done a pat well II play with me
says little duckling who's the last sign
at last cat get up and climb with me
well done I'm looking for some advice
please we have pen on a ballet skirt how
do we get this out or is at the end of
the ballet skirt advice welcome thank
you we have got cushions and blankets
we've got thank you pick up BB's doodles
and we're going to watch ratatouille
downloaded it and there's a cute yet how
nice I am so grateful for evenings like
this and we all just spend an hour like
tightening things that are being shush
we'll send our doing bit some of them
will come together and just sit together
this is looking good and you're doing
the table mm-hmm
right here ooh I'm leaving the gang or
so so I'm going to wrap up the vlog in
here whoo utilitarian and a cat sorry
sorry yeah we're all going to settle
down now just officials or soldiers
there and all that kind of stuff we had
such a nice day like tumble dry your hat
is warm and dry today have been solar
fuses all sorts of neat sound below Glee
and also how many time has been nice to
but I hope you've enjoyed this little
bonus extra slot in the week and I will
see you on Sunday for a weekly vlog at 9
a.m.
thanks for watching bye
