oh there's my water hello hi how's it
going are you guys good is everything
good are we good with the stream as a
connection good is the sound good can
you comment how are you run out things
to say I'm wearing orange and yeah
sounds good so let's get this show on
the road no um what is it we've dabbing
like I don't get me wrong I like a DAB
here and there but like every time I
Do's is like hundreds of comments like
tap tap tap yeah if you if you're here
thanks thanks for coming thanks for
watching just gonna hang out got some
time to kill before i go back to
brighten and yeah the live show chat you
and share why my Christmas present
buying has been an absolute disaster cuz
I'm looking at it now it's like I still
don't find it funny but everyone I'm
telling the story to thinks it's funny
so I'll give it a couple of minutes and
then I'll wait until matt don't tweet me
I saw that yeah there's that little
laugh um you know wait come more minutes
till a few more people have come and
then we'll get into my story of why my
my present buying has just failed
massively will not even fail just I did
the most stupid thing in the world um
try to start sorry now i'm sitting here
like yeah i'm just gonna wait no wait
for what i might though you know you
guys the ones that here so i should
treat you like the kings and just tell
you um lie on my bed is aurash jumper by
the way kind of kind of cool um so okay
christmas is a stir so this year there I
was yeah
I was like you know what this year I'm
gonna do my Christmas shopping early I'm
gonna do online i'm gonna be really
organized it's going to be awesome yeah
so i did two separate shops online
ordered like everyone's things every
person i can't presents were out of them
in two orders yeah it's a live one order
it's fine the stuff came this was the
order there was less stuff in yeah so
only only a few things in there that
cameras are cool so this is good i can
do my second order so go for the second
order and this is where i get everyone
elses presents like most of the people
i'm getting presents for was in this
this batch so do more ordering online
it's grey on my ice is soaked I'm so
organized i'm just gonna have so much
time not gonna be stressed it's gonna be
good ordered it all paid for it and then
it said it's gonna take a week to come
so that's fine you know it gives me then
at least two more weeks until Christmas
so I go away I think I was in Germany or
something I come back and there's a
thing for a jewel you know when you miss
a parcel when you get those things same
at high you miss we missed you we missed
you by Robert had one of those so look T
I was like oh that must be my Christmas
present and then it said you you can
track this online so I ok I'll leave it
a couple of days maybe they'll attempt
to redeliver it they didn't attempt to
redeliver it ok so then I was alright
check online so login check online and
it's like your parcel was delivered at
this time on this day so I was like ah
so it's so it's in my house in so i must
have received it and then next to it
there was a thing you could click and it
said um click this to show that like
your signature like prove that i had
physically sign for its eyes are you
know I don't really remember this I'll
just click it there it was my name my
signature the exact date and time I sign
for this parcel so that ha that's really
weird because I I don't have it
my house and don't have these christmas
presents in my house don't remember
putting the thing don't remember signing
something I don't remember anything so i
right let me look at my phone on my
calendar so for those either just joined
if you don't know what's happening i'm
halfway through my disastrous Christmas
present story okay so cut a long story
short I'm in the process of buying
Christmas presents online okay right so
I'm in the hairdresser yeah and I was
like wow this is weird actually before i
look at my phone i cooled them so I cool
dat hours like both took like 15 minutes
get through and I was like hey I've got
this weird query apparently a parcel was
delivered but I don't have the parcel
but i don't have the package in my house
so they were like okay let's just a few
check so they checked everything with me
like right we're just going to contact
the driver so they contact the driver
and i'm on hold for like ten minutes
they come back and they were like by the
way do you have blonde hair and I was
like yeah and they were like so first I
was like okay if they're lying to me
like they could have just googled my
name and seeing had blonde hair and I
was like yeah like do you own this car
and I was like yeah this is a bit like
stalkerish now why'd you need to know
that and then they go yeah the driver
specifically remembers handing you the
package and you signing for it on the
door so I was like whoa like no way
sharp shut up did that happen so that
they were like yeah if you know if
there's nothing else you can do if you
still don't remember we can launch an
inquiry into this now as I arcade no we
don't need to do because if I've signed
for it I looked it was my signature hi
old man is just a cute old man walking
by looking at me and so that's when I
was in hairdressers just got off the
phone and I was like a right let me
check my phone go on my calendar look at
that date that it came they said that
exact date and time and try and figure
out where I was if i was in etc so look
at my phone and it was a day with Matt
we were doing more markers filming day
and the time they said this river was
530 me and Matt Matt have four o'clock
on that day so get home from haircut me
of man and I'm like Matt it's really
weird
do you remember last Thursday were we're
filming do you remember a package coming
and he was like hmm dono so we SAT there
thinking like 530 what we do ah we were
filming more markers where I film is
right next to the door so we were like
mmm do you remember no don't remember
anything so like hey that's really weird
so I've just kind of apparently sign for
this parcel all my Christmas presents
don't wear is anyway Matt later is
editing one of the videos and he's like
oh my God look I can see the parcel so
halfway through from a video doorbell
goes I stood up walk over get sign for a
package get the package and because i
was literally in the middle of this
video i like sign for it say thank you
and then drop it like on the floor just
right on the floor now I mean I still
don't know if this is what happened but
my only logical guess is what is I'm
about to tell you next is that I just
saw some random comment I was really
funny sorry I will talk to you guys in a
minute but yeah so looking down and
looking back his footage of my like why
is so weird like that is my parcel
what's happened to it and I think
because I was in the middle of filming
and I was like so I wasn't in hell just
thinking about the video where I put it
on the floor is next to where I put all
of my recycling and all my cardboard
boxes that I need to throw out in the
recycling so i think what i did is i put
dropped it like next to it or in one of
the box and i sometimes have a lot of
packages to take out that lock boxes and
then the next day I remember taking a
load of stuff to the recycling like not
like I don't have recycling box I have
to walk so you know one of the like big
public bins that are in the middle of
the road so I remember walking to one of
these and throwing a whole load of stuff
in there because my recycling all my
recycling recycle Kabul boxes and i'm
pretty sure what I've actually done is
basically throw my Christmas presents
away
by myself like just thought it was
recycling it wasn't thinking and just to
throw it away threw it in the bin and
it's annoying because I still don't know
if that's what I've actually done that's
just what I can predict that dies I
don't have the stuff like physically
don't have the stuff so that was really
cool and everyone I've told I called my
mom like mom but what do i do dinner
what she is laughs literally just laugh
she was like ah you prat ah thanks mom
thanks a lot um so that was my disaster
like f literally other than three
presents all of my Christmas presents
every single on I spent all that time
all that money straight away just threw
it away um it's really really pissed me
off because especially because I was
like yeah I'm so organized i'm doing
this so well like so far in advance and
then I go and do that so I'm pretty
annoying and what's even more annoying
yeah as I was like I left it a few days
so just so annoyed nose like whoa I
can't not but all the people I've got
those presents for I can't tell them
that saurian just be like sorry I'm you
know I haven't got you threw it away you
hot not get people present so I was like
okay I mean it's really annoying but I'm
gonna have to rebuy everything that I
ordered so go to try and do that of
course everything sold out isn't it
every present I got then all sold out
now so I had to rethink our e-shop
everyone's present so yeah that was cool
um so that is my disastrous Christmas
present I just we can we just forget
about it now I told you I've got off my
chest I've told you the in-depth story
um and yeah and now I'm reading your
comments so you should lowes you like
you idiot like oh you stupid but please
feel sorry for me have some sympathy um
yeah she's really annoying but hey
that's that um I was thinking of making
a video on it but I was I just wanted I
just had to get off my chest so um yeah
how are you let's change the mood what
your Christmas plans is Christmas in
three days three days oh no your
Christmas plans are someone said to buy
I don't think I've told you guys this
little secret I'm going to Dubai very
soon I was in Marrakech yeah marrakech
was incredible as f three days Steffi
surprised me and took enough my birthday
literally best birthday present ever
also all the people watching right now
if you could give the video a thumbs up
if you're enjoying this I'm pointing
there because that's their on my screen
but where you're watching is down there
so go smash that thumbs up that would be
appreciated um so yeah and I would go
magic Christmas present thing I was
really worried because I'm i'm going
back to brighton literally in a minute
and yesterday all my christmas present
still uncommon i was like huh please
come like please come because if they
come today or tomorrow i'm not going to
be here to even get them so I was very
stressed yeah it's um you say I'm not in
the Christmas spirit you know what I'm
not really in the Christmas spirit
either also we're going this really good
angle like there we go tickle my bum
hairs Josh just said um I'm okay thanks
get Christmassy I'm hoping so I've got
to about to brian just night but family
like a family thing so I'm hoping that
gets me in the spirit and then how cool
is this tell me if you guys are jealous
of this right I didn't realize this
germany and a lot of other countries in
europe celebrate christmas on the
twenty-fourth so i'm going to german
II and celebrating Christmas on the
twenty-fourth and then coming back to
England on the twenty-fifth and then
it's Christmas in England so I get two
Christmases isn't that like the best
thing in the world two Christmases I
also have like stop speaking because I
wait to like see what you guys are
saying blows of you are complimenting
this hoodie by the way and it's the guys
created a brand called only the blind
only the blind and they sent me a whole
bunch of stuff and it's like a super
dope brand so yeah if you guys are
interested check out but they do really
cool stuff um so just reading your
comments so yeah that was the main
reason for doing I'm gonna do another
life show Joel I might do like you guys
kind of love seeing this stuff i might
do i like what i got for christmas live
show and just like kind of chat stuff
not maybe not maybe on Christmas Day
unboxing des something so yeah if you
guys want that knew that but I kind of
just wanted to jump on now and tell you
this story but yeah I've call my
presence driving back to Brighton I need
to wrap all my presence tonight and then
yeah I'm staying home tonight and then
Germany tomorrow oh it's not up here
it's gonna show you my german book up in
learn German Germany I was about seven
known Jeremy is embarrassing in learning
German it's very hard oh and also also
also also saying to more exciting things
excited for you to see is new main
channel video
which is coming out soon so yesterday I
went out into the streets of London and
pretended that I was a magician to
people so got random people in public
had decks of cards i had like I was
pretending I was a magician obviously
you guys know I can't do magic so I was
just going up to people and like
pretending to do tricks on them and it
was just really awkward and I think you
guys are really going to like it so
that's going to be hopefully in the next
few days but yeah it's really funny
there's someone behind you Gow be funny
wouldn't it if I was on here like her
and then Matt was like creeping up there
and jumped out at me a link hmm but yeah
I can't have borne it too except share
this story and get off my chest I've
have been very stressed today um we've
had a lot to do in life stuff like just
organizing stuff but yeah it's all done
now going back to Brighton for Christmas
no going to bright and then Germany then
bright and then Dubai so yeah it's gonna
be a lot of people's Christmases usually
like you know really relaxed and you
guys just hang out your family which
what I usually do is usually super
chilled but this one feels like it's
very like going ok and you know what you
know what the the one thing I'm probably
most sad about how much the Christmas
film yeah how much one Christmas film
yet Matt what's my favorite Christmas
film hey haven't even had time to watch
a favor Christmas film yet and so I'm
going to try and do that um oh also just
before I go is anyone watched or
watching the OA on netflix if you are
don't give me any spoilers on five
episodes in but it is some blight hook
is so good can like stranger things
hoped but yeah
have any of you won't be marching it
don't give me any spoilers I'm not
joking where is your bottle from uh I
don't actually know I've got it for like
someone gave it to me as a present and I
literally use it every day in the gym
wherever I go I'd refer us how I'm like
really old college was trying to open
this and realize that more conspiracy
theories don't worry there will be more
conspiracy theories so yeah I kind of I
need to like leave for Brighton now
because the traffic apparently you guys
if you guys know that knowing traffic
but storms will come in and is going to
be mental so I have this thing in a few
hours in Brighton this family thing so i
need to go for that but just want to
hang out with you for a bit and next
live show be longer than this and I'll
like I'll hang out like the last ones
have done well to your questions and
stuff like that but um yeah kinda just
want to tell you that story so you're
gonna see me I'm still uploading on more
Marcus every day and so you'll see me
there but for me to you now I hope you
guys have a lovely Christmas I hope you
have a lovely new year well actually I'm
gonna speak to you for a year so I hope
you have a good Christmas whatever you
doing if you don't celebrate Christmas
you're going to have fun anyway doing
something cool so yeah thanks for coming
and listening to this live show even
though it was short i love you guys and
I will see you soon with well to
tomorrow yeah all right love you guys
bye all right bye
