hi everyone it is Friday and I've got
some fun stuff coming up I'm going to
summer in the city tomorrow and I'm
spending the day with friends in London
so I decided to vlog because I haven't
lived in a while and I wanted to that's
that I actually did try to vlog a couple
of weeks ago but it didn't really go
very well I was just stressed and like I
lost things and it just was a bit of a
nightmare so I just rather do it when
it's going to be a bit chilled and Ali
will be coming with me to summer in the
city tomorrow so he'll be helping me
capture everything and stuff because I'm
I'm going to be picking up my silver
play button cuz we hit 100k and I'm also
going to be doing a fashion and beauty
panel so that's really exciting and I
just wanted to like capture it and just
document it I guess but I'm going to
meet my friend Carrie and my friend Alex
and I want to buy some shoes as usual
when do I not want to buy shoes don't
you wanna buy shoes all the time so yeah
we're gonna go and do a bit of shopping
it just spend some time together so it
should be a really nice day and my taxi
is coming to pick me up to take me to
station now so I thought I would show
capture some footage when I'm shopping
and I didn't do that really last time
when I was in Chanel because I was
scared I have this like Fabio of being
told off so and yeah I'm gonna see if I
can like fight my phobia and actually
vlog when I'm shopping so we'll see how
it goes
okay okay so I just met Carrie here with
me and we're going to go and do some
shopping in Selfridges and then I think
alex is going to join us and I'm gonna
buy some shoes
Oh
not really
so we just finished up at lebra Surrey
in Chelsea and I'm with Alex a candy
right there oh no still carry and we're
going to where are we going to now blue
bird blue bird and we're gonna have some
more cocktails because it is literally
like the nicest day ever oh yeah we just
we just saw Alex from Made in Chelsea so
Alex losing her mind
yeah
so I'd left the girls and I'm about to
get my chain higher and I am running it
late and I've missed the fast train so
now I gotta get a ticket and make one
train in like ten minutes
which I don't think is going to happen I
didn't want to have a late one because
obviously I've got to be up early
tomorrow the summer this busy but the
nerves obsess in now so I just want to
get home and get into bed hello
I still team down myself we were late
it's for the nightmare and with this one
a lot better
I felt so much more comfortable what
and I kind of have to shut myself on the
bed because I felt like I was like
jumping in on people questions good now
I'm going to go
now I'm going to go to Nancy with
beautiful so I'm really like
then I'm going to meet Susie and Alex
we're going to go watch em on her panel
which is all about like body confidence
and stuff like that so yeah and it's
both going this way waiting stage now to
go and get my play button there's 23
other people Here I am sighs catnaps
good this light makes my nose
my voice is going safe now I've been a
little bit that
I'm going to try and film actually going
on stage but I don't know whether
they'll tell me
but yeah
I've just been chilling in the green
room in the YouTube creator face and I
was trying to be like an ally and he's
just like showing me all the stats on my
channel and he's just blown my mind like
it's so fascinating once you're on
YouTube it's just the most fascinating
in like oh you can just learn so much
and I've just learnt so much about you
guys and it's just so interesting now
we're gonna get some food and we're
going to go to a little party afterwards
and probably not going to say too long
because loonies been at home all day
lesser but we are I'm just had the best
day ever like I never thought that this
would be happening to me so you can hear
people screaming still but yeah this has
been one special day and
