we are just on the train to Margate we
got on the train and went insane and
group and Beyond southeastern train I
must go also lead to Margate I've never
been to Canada my learnings leave a
comment below fees from Ken I know Sonia
- so many of you have tweeted meet with
recommendations I'm really looking for
like amazing hidden gems and
Oh
we have checked into our beautiful hotel
in Margate wait until you see their so
this is amazing I'm gonna give you a
tall now so super distress
I'm going to copy this in my house when
I get my house look how gorgeous it is
look at this
and then you've got feet for windows
which I'll count on tomorrow gate max
out here doing a dissertation bless my
romantic weekend ruined cuz of uni and
then study includes first by the way
that's not leaving me right hard and and
then no stunning that looks how
comfortable and amazing this is I'm
gonna ask somebody got everything from
this glue you thought the view outside
and then for breakfast this is awesome
they bring you in the morning oh this is
called the Reading Room's bye-bye and
they bring you in the morning you can
actually King you on anytime this mmmm
is so stunning yeah I am I'll link my
love below look at this mirror over step
and fresh tea and coffee another place I
understand the and green tea then we
walk into the bathroom and look at this
I'm going to use later have ran products
which makes me so happy because I love
around something as big pamper later and
then bathroom there's how beautiful let
me go back really when I'll show you
from this angle
how beautiful is that bad not feeling
you super happy so we're going to have a
quick coffee and then we're going to go
out and explore I'm so excited I need to
salt my face felt and then we'll go in
explore I can hear the seagull can feel
the fresh air how excited
you
I'm ready quite warm today I'm Wagner
and I'll link everything below and this
is from a laminate sort of n unit six
and another are you excited to go
explore and take a break from your
dissertation let's go get some food
so we went into the beauty place and
there's no room which I'm quickly gutted
about so it's all does it to take away
and now we're going to ice cream for 2
minute wipes of you so which is a little
bit crazy so we're just going to get an
ice cream before I've it and we don't
like diem using the traditional way
so being told at this place is
absolutely exceptional ice cream so
we're having on ice cream so good that I
did I choose the flavors I'll get is if
I scream it from this place over here
melts gelato five very droopy I made
look a mess
please trippin everyone
okay
I worry go now
was it Colin yeah you remember I've been
sending Matt fits the dream on so long I
hope it loses prettier that lot whatever
and taste bitch I'll just say maybe to
see planets about make it look really
good
so my tummy is very poor an ice cream
that was a free dinner dinner usually I
would have that as dessert you know
dinner's not ready yet
Oh people say in Bali world and we're
going to stream lines now are we wait
for our seats this cook maybe we make it
work you know with GRU I
I want some candy floss that is cash
only and I never carry cash so I'll just
show you the solids that's a look at
this behind me it stays during home it's
like a Hollywood sign right let me show
you this amazing candy floss stall is so
cool
the walls are behind my eye
Donna Walter's so much when I was a kid
they just under my five times in a row -
you've done well I did yeah they make no
sense
I feel like others but older I can do
rollercoasters but when I go on rides
like then look at that's done and for
example Oh the Big M and for example and
the thing with the Hall says I get
really really sick and like the sea tops
it's so weird
anyway let me show you the Big M
life-size and how cute this is
we went to collect a fee says suddenly
dissolve so when we were looking I'll
show you of you in a minute how is it
Matt the question is is it the best
piece you've ever had okay not the best
because I mean we've had a lot of pieces
that but some are gay currently that
I'll let you know how I feel a minute
let me quickly show you this gorgeous
view in front of us Clarence has a sinus
infection so need for lugan I identify
as a person for you sorry because I'm an
app that is so annoying you might have
to get it for lunch tomorrow I'm
wondering if respective snack and have
an average night maximum a sense of
anticipation June 2 days no pressure and
I'm going to have an amazing class and
relax
when I said I speed up the low clap
useless hello Claire called the Samsa
car we were going to stay here and what
we change our mind last minute and blip
feel that one sound to be really good
and I went to various drinks and food
maybe we'll have to check it out since
our time
we are back in her beautiful hand now
very messy room not working hard and his
dissertation I was not lying when I say
got lots of shit and you need to see the
sunset then I'm going to run myself so
what do you do or watching made in
jealousy I happened all you just ordered
some dots pancakes or birthday work it
has worked nervous shot and going to
have to can gate for bed isn't this what
little adventures are all about doing
random things I get in the dark and I'm
gay 11 p.m. in a dressing gown
nailed it so a nice and for now I'm not
nice and full and and related in some
work had such a nice chilled time after
a day about exploring honesty can is so
wonderful and photographs there may be
tweaks need recommendations I've seen
them all it's such Margate and
particularly such a beautiful little
area and with southeastern it was so
quick to get here we jumped on the train
from st. anger is the train was even
busy the people on it walls so lovely
and it probably took maybe like an hour
and a half an hour and I just did like
work on the train anyway and lots of
shopping on a slicer felt absolutely
fine and it's really nice to discover
someone new and look for some hidden gem
they think whilst I love being
adventurous and doing loads of stuff
it's been really nice to actually not be
rampant tonight and just chill have a
nice watch medium Chelsea and now I'm
going to put a face mask on I think that
was about like going and discovering new
places you want to discover the place
and then you want to like absorb and
just enjoy the hotel and the setting and
hotel is just wonderful look about that
calling right now so yeah I'm going to
put the face mask on and then I'm going
to go to sleep and then we have
rabbits are half 9:00 in the morning and
I am so excited to wake up first arrived
but ah good luck we got so much food but
mornings the room is being tidied by us
to have a letting us check out a little
bit later
Matthew Roberts what time were you up
until doing your dissertation he's very
very high in our romantic trip turned
into Matt being a little genius but I'm
very proud of you
he doesn't like me being affectionate on
vlog and so I'm screaming at changed
then we're going to go and have a
morning of exploring going to a little
walk clear on the beach for nutrition
find some beach what we were going at
fish and chips but we are so full from
breakfast and also you know that he'll
panic so we will see if you want fish
and chips yo I must have beautiful that
that is so yeah and then at the train
already had someone cash this morning
like em I'm going to Margate I'm going
to but like that propose how it looks so
nice so that's perfect
look at this setup okay right I'm going
to show you more of a to smarten out the
window and then we're going to get ready
I'll catch up
you're such a nice warm day and a
beautiful all of your hearts are I love
this white one so much one thing every
time we film it super super loud because
so many cars and my suitcase everything
but yeah
this house is beeps well the houses in
Margate are so stunning to walk around
you
I found a lifeguard her literally almost
like Miami was trouble on the beach
before we go home it's so nice because
it's a Tuesday yeah
you see the amusements behind you fun
fact when I was little my mom wouldn't
let me go and then because I'm so
obsessed with winning toys so now I've
got to say something nice in fact I only
really like the teepee machines I use a
little fear amuses I still love winning
patty but anyone else leave a comment
below of you also used to be a little
bit in love with reading patty bag when
you were younger we just had a really
pretty little beach road of children on
a beach it was this kilala days and and
it's still really marked it might look
quite cold
I love this shirt and we thought there
was a lot some lots of beaches I think
they must be further down and what we
found this one which is really cute
obviously I'm going to have to add
picture by it my grandparents always
said they wanted to buy one of these
like years ago you're like we want to
get a really my feature on a British
seaside in front so to you
when he turned that wonderful gift to
give us we go
okay wait that's right
hey you even update that really does it
make you less tired being on the date no
rest without long 24 hours a feeling
confident so beside you to the beach and
you want your dissertation to you the
back boyfriend ever
thank you and that goes to the train
station to say goodbye to a feature
you
you
so we are back in Kings Cross marinol
southeastern rail is slow so so quick we
got the super quick train and it was so
had fun and everyone leave a comment on
wish mat lots not to look with your
dissertation final personnel which is
good but thank you guys for watching
thank you guys do
i'ma see going and I'll leave the link
to the hotel so it was awesome and I
suppose coming about all the best things
to do income ISM hi
