good morning happy Saturday welcome back
to well I think is going to be a weekly
vlog so I'm actually just on my way to
the florist to get some new flowers for
my desk and our living room this is cool
got lots hours so really the now cause
if you get home tidy my flat to make
these flowers that little bit extra more
worth it does anyone else do that
swapped ours you've got to have a tidy
flat as well so it all looks pretty nice
and then I think we're just waiting for
now let's get home from the groomers and
then they're going to go furniture
shopping I'm going to tell you why in a
little bit you know hello Eastern
flowers for tea
you shouldn't ask because these inspirer
something it will trading and then we
can find go furniture shopping and can
use the houses such my sake
yeah so this is the desk in question
this this is not my finest my finest
moment we can catch up it's all spice
full site ID I think later on we're
going to go to town so I've got this I
need to get developed
we found bike from disposable cameras
from years ago we just have one set
developed and then we have this one and
then we actually bought another one and
for a recent trip which hasn't been used
up sir can I get this one develop
because I think it has some reagent
photos on I possibly from like Edinburgh
in 2013 which will be really fun to look
back at I think and then I think we're
also going to go see guardians of the
galaxy as well which I'm very excited
for I've been listening to the
soundtrack for volume 1 like the past
two weeks and I'm so obsessed with it so
and I can't wait till I can finally see
the film so I can listen to the
soundtrack from volume 2 I also
obviously want to see wasn't you so
excited these titles desk so badly I
don't even you know when it's so messy
don't even know where to start
yes that
and you are puffy and you all freshly
fluffy okay connect to the people your
fuzziness the aged or fresh eat up and
it's like a fresh school haircut you
smell incredible
don't let me go woman let me go I'm back
today it's looking a little bit better
this site is pretty much done apart from
like things I need and now I need to
tackle this side this will be fun now
this loved us
okay things are looking a little bit
better chairs looking slightly better I
just need more bag storage which makes
me I'll have soon and I've got a little
looking a little bit neater now nearly
ready to go out if I do a little outfit
of the day I always forget to do these
in vlogs my kimono thingy is from Zara I
am wearing and really old urban out such
as no roses from brandy melville jumper
it's the one I got in LA years and years
ago new new plan glasses Monica Pineda
red bracelet and then Chloe love
bracelet little more brief orange bag
time first up at the moment that makes
everything look summery my Asus jeans
which you will have seen in the hall it
went up last week on furniture shopping
remember so well I cannot armchair - I
want the lovely cute comfy vertical I
like this one it's got like the corner
so furniture shopping was mildly
successful we kind of say if we like we
kind of learn market for a sofa but not
until like well we move next year when
we talking like and the next year there
are many other microsecond because
people keep insulting especially yeah
why do people just cuz it's brown
anybody like it yeah that's right I'd
rather get see you have to move all this
stuff into summer we should just tell
them so our news is that we are living
if you've been wondering why I've been
doing loads of decluttering that is why
that's why I've been so excited about we
haven't got any furniture really the
furnitures built in means I kind of flat
what drugs definite got like low service
of supplies and TVs and beds and that's
it and we have latest like this - art
space yeah I'm so excited
time to go
we've got in the galaxy yeah excited
hell you know what I think
look at this that is pretty slow fell
warriors and her people for it maybe
can't time their web but and then I
blinked in like four hours apart
did you enjoy the sound yeah yeah I did
I did
what was your favorite part my favorite
spoil it don't spoil it come on I'm good
at one lion very twisted one yeah did it
so much but anything that looks good
sample definitely everyone should go
watch him just brings me so much joy
guardians the galaxy is great if you
could hashtag I am Groot of the great
marine Creek and then Marvel will pass
that sweet sweet mother money anyway you
wearing your model talk today oh yes
sound boy I'm really looking forward to
stealing that t-shirt in the summer I'm
wearing it was like denim Cole
kind of figured but anymore well I was
my Tendulkar we will see you guys again
when I look
good morning it is Sunday with the
glitter gamer
yes morning to me it's not morning and
Josh and I got really late today even
though we said we were going to get up
early we're going to get up and like
getting to come really early didn't
really happen it's like 2 o'clock or
finally going for breakfast but I've
shot blocks later and my car has been
cleaned and we've dropped up into boots
to be developed and even returned now
we're going to breakfast I think we're
just about to on the corner and I can
show you with my cool bread Bruce was a
bit bracelet February 1st how would you
feel real because I always get into you
someone is caught but it's so good
and I'm hoping that has paid to me
person 3 to pillow I'm hungry really
really hungry now going to have another
oh my god those look amazing finally
having breakfast about avocado and
poached egg a passion fruit food and
josh has got a full English which I am
really jealous of
Cheers have arrived I'm very glad to be
because these are amazing a cousin
before Joseph is not done yet
Kanan this is the worst thing about the
UK whether I'm wearing spring clothes
Sinister's busting down brain we're just
going to do some really boring own
contractor listings I'm going to go to
Topshop
what else safety talk shop changing
rooms and I'm whispering closer very
self-conscious about logging into engine
rooms I'm about to try some things on we
have this jumper which has koala bears
on it I just think it's so cute - the
silver dress which I just thought was
very sweet and this dress which I just
love the print off and 15 shat which i
think is one of the charity t-shirts and
I really like it and then there's trench
coat so doesn't recall it have like
these little tie speeds right chilled
and the josh has taken the dog out for a
little walk I am in comfy clothes I'm
very happy about that I'm so happy to be
home I didn't sleep well last night so
excited to relax but also I'm making it
my priority this evening to finally get
and my skincare blog post on I've been
working on for ages which is a post
taking the longest time to write like is
just the longest suppose I've written in
a really long time but isn't like a
personal post and so that is going to be
my evening
yeah probably Selena theory because I'm
mostly going to have scandal on in the
background and I'm going to be writing
blog post and so I will see you guys
again whenever it is Saturday again I
feel like I already ever block the
weekend it's been a really crazy week so
we are about to head out because I am
about to sign new nystatin hi repress my
nose loving life and I need some new
notice because this would like the only
one I have less it's not like aqua blue
and I don't really want that got
this year then we have the whipped body
and then this little pilot which is
super cute and I love that beautiful and
want to see my outfit today I really
like this outfit this is a Topshop camo
jacket and then hmm white lace dress
which I've had for about three years and
I just love it and in converse a lovely
combo so and then my sunglasses arm
Union a sauce earrings and my lipstick
is Charlotte Tilbury tell Laura from the
Hot Lips collection it finally made it
sound like three hours later and we
planned and finally go get the sorted
special probably today's comments I
found the actual legit cookbook guys I
want this so much found my perfect comic
I was originally attracted but just
leather cover didn't even read the name
and now I love even more where was a
stormtrooper like a person dressed up as
a stormtrooper recently discovered I
don't like people dressed up as safe I
never I've never had a problem generally
nice things though successful that's the
being like when you're only on faces
know right like in full costume that
kind of thing like it's the tribunes
here isn't that got one you know stuff
I'll pop to the place where I get them
from any other box a pheromone but only
favor about graffiti the dog I love the
dogs now we're going to go get across me
ya lubber so I'm trying to convince Josh
to get one of these when they go in the
slide and in stretchers
we got the gold what do you think my
party music we are primary significance
I had a nice little productive Ossining
account and now ordering Nando's in the
car I'm so bad so big means that bottom
is Santos we're going to take a yeah
that's the thing I always like drink a
little bit when we're waiting for the
Nando's because they give you the
couplet straight way hello drink as much
of it we can and then go back into a
tiki well that's okay awesomeness the
order online maintainer be importantly
what it gives you milliliters to give
you 450 milliliters that's your assigned
millimetre first I pay nine pound for
sex in the city
don't do that nice are you being really
impatient that's just like I want my
phone back
yeah my phone back yeah I give you back
expecting is that I want my pink shirt
back hello my bigger bag
no I was in charge on sentence and
center thank you for your order we are
preparing your food as speedily as
chicken only possible I'm chicken free
that as soon as chicken Lee possible
that does run defenses
and you never got to see what I in
Nando's did you hello today is Monday I
had a total vlogging fell over the
weekend side note this is why I'm going
to start weekly vlogging because I'm so
crap at doing individual vlogs become so
out of practice
I just decided if I solve all the time
I'll get better at this okay bear with
me but yeah today's Monday today is the
day that this vlog goes up I thought I
just loci am i filming a most worn in my
wardrobe oh my god you can see all the
mess behind me I'm the messiest person
yet today I'm filming my most warm video
which consists of the ASOS Farley jeans
of course and a certain orange little
bag which is my favorite thing ever
and quite a few other things so that
will be up on Thursday it's kind of my
new favorites type video because I wear
almost the same makeup all the time so I
include to make makeup favorites and as
like my most worn lipstick and this and
that but mostly I wear a lot of clothes
so it's kind of like my new favorite
anyway come with the filming finally
finished filming got some lunch because
I was super shaky in that video if you
watch my drugstore worth the height
video that's coming up way too this
month I'm very shaky I've got some
spiced chickpeas and aubergine with
Phyllis and avocado and some what is
this called like a flat rope it's
essentially cardboard all the best but
it's healthy organ front yeah I think
that it's going to be for me today it's
sort of a really boring outro but I need
to get on and edit this video so it goes
up to night so high if you're watching
this on Monday I same data let me know
if you're excited for more weekly vlogs
and give this video a thumbs up if you
liked it and subscribe if you are new
and I will see you guys again on
Thursday for that most one video I
