good morning guys so today I am heading
down to London because I've been feeling
really grotty recently and as you can
probably hear I'm really snotty if any
of you guys follow me on snapchat you'd
already seen I'm really like nasal and
snotty if you're not following me on
snapchat by the way make sure you are
it's a Lee Gordon 89 say yeah we're
gonna be heading down to London and I'm
gonna be meeting up with a friend called
Sean Stafford who's quite a big deal in
the fitness industry if you don't really
know him I'm sure you recognize him when
you see him in a bit
I go down meet him we're gonna have a
big arm session at City Athletic so I'm
really looking forward to that and then
following that I'm gonna be heading to
the refinery which is a spa in London
and I'm gonna be getting a massage in
there so I'm also really looking forward
to that because I could do have just a
little bit of a lot relax in and it's
gonna be like a day of health so I'm
gonna bring you guys along with me so
let's get going
which concerns me
sup guys so alright we have short stuff
in that city I met it for a huge our
workout say it's this satellite today
but we're doing that on Friday session
that up really well as well
we have just wrapped it up here at City
athletic and we are swelled up hey
Philip great session first swallow I'm
set that I've done in a long time saman
will be sore tomorrow and Monday so
right so I better get going because I am
running late as always
so yeah see you guys soon yeah yep walk
in your plants applause nice man good
sumo Angie well I'll catch up soon in
there we'll do the camera talk sweet see
you later mate
just finished off at the refinery and
really like so relaxing
just that with gallon a couple wiggled
up it put up in the RA yeah so we're
and try and get to this help these
Street London today
help you see wait till tonight like in
the burger if any of you guys want to
check out Joel's blog then I will be
leaving links below to all of his
channels and all of his amazing
platforms what a monochrome Joel so nice
very nice weights are not within the to
change this but yeah so he's gonna go
get a smoothie now and do some more
chillin
guys Instagram is just gallops I'll
leave it just there so yeah make sure
you search him and check him out he's a
really nice lad I'm just about to go
catch some drinks there with some
friends and
yeah
yeah that's kind of escalated quickly
all that helping talk came alive he just
went straight out the window but had
loads of fun I hooked up with a few
friends and we went out in Shepherds
Bush in London to a really cool bar as
you saw so I did have fun but I didn't
think I was gonna say so that was a big
failure I'm gonna make up for today
because I'm just about to head out to
the gym and then when I finished I'm
gonna go out with why my driver for the
very first time so I'm just so excited
to fly that because that's my kind of
nervous but it's wrong me fine so yeah
let's go
oh my god
