good morning guys hello that so today is
ver day as the first would you like
doing like crouched down a little bit
cuz you can't know it's a wagon I like
to go yeah it's the first of July you do
today is the day run before if you guys
don't know beginning of the year I said
I wanted to organize a house mountain
rest from that stuff some guitars it
hey we today's a day at that bar we have
a little bit of a spanner to throw in
the works people don't know because I'm
not actually gonna be running it and my
excuse so far as I've gotten splints
good excuse which is actually true I did
have shin splints but I would have
manned up through that and carried on
training the real reason people don't
know why I'm not running my own half
mass in which makes me feel really like
guilty and craps to be honest but baby
you I don't know yet other people
running no no yet you will know by this
point if you haven't seen my main
channel videos we slash mediums in all
the hard work here a happy baby and so
I'm not running but we go over to film
it so he'll be really fun
I'm running Mike is running look at this
look at mosquitoes you she was fun wear
that t-shirt can't above a Superman yeah
yeah there you go
balls and then look at look at the
colored accents on the shoes and the
short and he's got a gin sling things
options matching watch geez I've got car
shoes fuck I've still got my t-shirt on
guys and I'm going to be on my bike
cheerleading and what I also haven't
told the charity yet or you is that I'm
going to matching all of the donations
from today so everything's raised so far
I'm going to match and they don't know
yet so that makes a little bit less bad
amount on running it
good cuz top-secret right we need to get
a car everything everybody
how you who is the most ready the doggy
knees we got two extra runners treat
course going to be running piglets going
to be cheerleading and squidgy Roo are
you running to we've arrived at the
venue guys within two seconds
trickles on to and piglet is barking
everyone so what are you got ah okay you
die yeah we can find you if if lost
please return to nearest person one into
number 15 oh it's a windy gonna pin this
going on your back back then you can see
me running like I feel super super lame
cuz I'm not actually gonna be running
with you guys today started off the shin
splints then I would have manned up and
got through that I'm actually having a
baby
right guys so I was going to go on my
bike but we just found out we can rent a
tandem bike James's hurt is back so he's
not running either we're going on the
tandem bike we're going to catch up the
runners I've got my really sexy rucksack
here and I'm going to be pumping out
some tunes and we're going to try and
we're going to try and catch up with
them slightly worried about how out of
breath I am from cycling around this
little field but this is my very
technical music station but I think we
should have rented these instead
hahahaha these would have been awesome
so enroute guys and we just saw Mike
here oh he didn't even stop we was all
so quick and he's way ahead of others
but he also him an ally gave us their
boobs they're like we can't deal with me
so we've now looted God boob I've got
moved James I said you're not allowed to
because it would need to be in my way
let's find the others
Mike's been overtaken by a lot of people
think now not first he's coming it's
almost there
despite running to me I can run up meet
him guys yeah I don't know the walking
wounded
we did it guys well I didn't do it but
everybody else the run was so fun going
on the tandem bike was my highlights be
honest everyone is badly injured by the
engine I'm I'm not injured limping yeah
but I'm just tight everything's tight so
basically no no injured my legs sort of
held up all right where is it touching
well I've had a shower and basically I
mean exhaustion all week I didn't fancy
having like team boobs
oh I'm just throwing it out there I
would not found hashtag team boobs but
was so fun and everyone that came was so
nice I really had a good time
amazing job everyone all the money they
raised work and everyone got round was
amazing yeah everybody was super
friendly like yeah it's a really fun day
and now I'm from killzone a as well guys
you know what army having a little I was
just about to say you can still donate
if you want to or you can laughter my
own about his beer
I'm equally uncle oh I'll link to my
page because he actually ran me and I
died squidge but it will be good to get
much good news well as much money yeah
quick link to squeegee but yeah when out
mom and dad's and we're having a
barbecue on the wall tell you something
mom's BBQ is pretty small about the size
of output
we've just got home and I swear guys
since I found out that I'm pregnant
this one is so clingy with me she
literally follows me around everywhere
don't you Hey she's so cute she were
just sitting over there with my coo on a
sidenote is feeling very sorry for
himself someone is very injured got the
ice on this leg we've been groaning and
moaning and I came in she's literally
like you're so cute
I love you anyway I'm also going to look
through the goodie bag for the first
time I might do this on the floor
actually I'm going to run out of space
so everybody on the run got given one of
these awesome goodie bags the guys that
Eyler sponsored the race so they made us
the t-shirts and they made us the bags
and they also gave us some goodies for
the goodie bag
so I'm going to show you what's in here
some really yummy snacks actually first
of all there's one of my brow timers and
my Flo loves lashes are like my two
favorite products from my I'll arrange
all so let's not judge on the nails
right now guys it's a bad situation
badge I've already got one of those on
right now and there's a Copperfield
sticker a boob checking info card
there's this stuff which isn't so good
I've had this before this is a pip and
nut coconut almond butter some pop shit
some Evian water and then more info from
common feel so awesome little goodie bag
and I honestly had such a fun day I'm
definitely going to have to wash this
team boobs thing off at some point but
Lissy
Lissie actually ended up with a tan line
of team boobs which is pretty hilarious
she also just texted me saying she
thinks she's lost a toenail from the
race so I've got so much respect for all
the girls that came out today they're so
awesome I was so good that I couldn't do
it but I had the best time cycling
around and cheering for everybody and it
was just so fun like I said before there
still is time to donate so if you guys
want to do that it would mean the
absolute world to me and I'm going to
match all of the donations up to ten
thousand pounds so I'll let you guys
know how much we end up raising but
please please donate and be really
generous because I will match whatever
you guys donate so I'm hoping we can get
to 20,000 pounds which would be so
awesome because coppaFeel is such an
amazing charity and yeah they've been so
amazing organizing this event and they
were awesome when I told them I wanna
run and everything that she's been
awesome throughout the whole thing so
I'm so proud of everybody we actually
did it
and yeah I hope we can do it again next
year and I can actually run it but we
will see so yeah how can we here for
this vlog guys I will see you very soon
my hair is crazy then literally the
longest day we've been out the house of
12 hours and it's been non-stop racing
around and doing stuff but it's been so
fun I've got to see loads of my family
and friends and meet lots of new friends
as well who ran it so yeah it was fun
I'll see you guys in my next vlog bye
