hi everyone I'm in Stockholm I'm so
excited I have spent the past few months
telling everyone that I'm coming to
Stockholm and I'm so excited because
I've never been and then I'm with Anna
by the way she's can you lift your leg
oh there's Anna she kindly reminded me
that I have actually been here before I
have been here before
I completely forgot because I took too
many travel sickness pills and it made
me really drowsy I'm sure you guys have
heard that story before it's one of our
favorite funniest travel stories
together so I have been here before but
I don't think we were here for long and
I don't remember much so I'm very
excited to be back I'm actually here for
Stockholm Fashion Week we're going to
one of the shows tomorrow night and I'm
haven't got like a strict itinerary at
all so I mean and I'm just gonna kind of
wander around and we've got a fashion
show tomorrow night which I'm really
excited I've never been to stop in
Fashion Week before I've been to London
Fashion Week and New York and I think
that's it so this will hopefully be a
little bit different
we've just got to our hotel room
mustaine a Haymarket which is so so nice
and I think it's pretty central it feels
like recent what's on a square and
there's a really nice market outside
we've literally just checked in sat down
the flight here was fine yeah we're in
our hotel room so maybe I'll give you a
little tour of the room and show you
Anna because she's like hiding in the
back
so you come in look at these like crazy
wardrobes and we've just literally
dumped ourselves really nice little
vanity desk with lights and stuff and
then big windows with natural lights
don't know what you can see out here you
can see down to the streets and then
we've got our beds and Anna's here I'll
show you in the bathroom is okay it's
really nice in here look really really
cool and then was so when we arrived
these were on our bed record elixir nice
Ross recordal excited a beautifully
Swedish so inside this is basically for
a little like girls trip we've got the
I can definitely do a lot of taste test
also cute H&M earrings H gems like big
hair isn't it
big every way yeah I really like those
actually and then in here essential for
any Fashion Week person a little phone
charger this is a record league phone
charger that'll be handy so thank you
very much they said there's one each so
you've got one - you'd have to steal my
ciders so I think we should see if
there's a fridge in the room and put
these in and we can have one before we
go out later this one is my favorite
you've got my god that one sounds
amazing
oh I think that would be my favorite I
love mango flavored things Australian
wine we have got ready that's the line
we haven't changed
I'm I'd like spruce myself up a little
bit and is changing and we are gonna go
get some dinner we've also just spotted
that down there is a monkey not like an
animal monkey like mo n ki which is I
think it is
we have monkey at home but I think it's
originally Swedish I'm gonna go check it
out because I really like their clothes
and it I think it still open how could I
see this right opposite ourselves we're
gonna go to
monkey and then we're gonna walk I think
to a place called Phil's burger which
was highly recommended by you guys on
Twitter I think they should do good
burger and chips which is just what we
fancy
we were just saying how weird it is that
you just jump on a plane
two hours later be in a whole other
country that looks like an hour and
fifty minutes and they're like okay and
now now we don't understand a word
anyone saying hey hey hello H EJ I think
it's actually quite warm I think it's
going to rain tomorrow but it's quite
nice weather right now as a monkey here
and then there's a weekday over there oh
my god I love Swedish style so much oh I
want everything
pair of jeans are exactly like your faux
fur we just walked past this shop design
tour games I can't pronounce it but it
looks the clothes may have to come back
tomorrow
big knot yeah doorstop I think I should
have got a bigger suitcase what was I
thinking is where we going for dinner
Phil's burger okay there were a lot of
burger we have the nicest waitress ever
she just gave us all the shopping
recommendations and she was like you
gonna be sickly then it arrived and I
was like yeah yep four marshmallows and
chocolate sauce in it as well
we just ran back to the hotel because it
started raining and we forgot our
umbrellas but we're here I'm gonna get
in Javas my 8oz pajamas I'm obsessed
with these lovely first even in
Stockholm I'll see you in the morning
we've got a full day out tomorrow we
haven't got found yet but I think we're
gonna try to do the photo Museum we're
gonna go somewhere for lunch do some
shopping phillipa k that burger was
delicious highly recommend it and we'll
see you guys tomorrow
good morning everyone
it is Thursday we've been up for a
little while we went downstairs had
breakfast in the hotel I actually filmed
a video and now we're kind of ready to
go it is a bit rainy today which is a
bit of a shame but we've got our
umbrellas we were well-prepared
I think we're gonna go first of all is
our plan to go to the photo museum I
love photography so I'm just really
excited that there is even a photography
museum here it's meant to be really
really good and it changes all the time
so last time I was here it was Bryan
Adams
that's so funny like right out of the
rock star and then we went in and it was
actually
I'm excited for that and now I think
I'll have some lunch maybe we should
look now on iPhones and might figure out
where we're going for lunch I know that
recommended like a deli place so that
would be cool
we've come up to the cafe after just
having a little look around the photo
museum and the exhibition that's on at
the moment is all about horses there's
all different pictures of autism photos
taken from different people were lots of
like celebs on horses like Richard Gere
two others on it Johnny Depp yeah as
you'll even show you lay this cafe so
pretty up there because they've got the
most amazing view over the water I
really really enjoyed the museum I would
definitely recommend going when our
waiting for an uber because we're going
to go to place with urban delis which I
was recommended for lunch so we're gonna
go check that out trying to live a real
Terrace which looks really nice crowd
urban deli which is meant to be a really
cool like lunch spot with the locals
come too so let's see it looks very cool
just like a supermarket downstairs and a
deli upstairs
Wow oh my god the six-second we just sat
down we're trying to work out the menu
but it's not really in English and then
I just went to translate one of the like
headers and it was Tuesday because I was
certainly like I think it's done by I
think it's like fresh produce so it
depends what fresh of the day looking on
sites over that looks really yummy well
look how amazing this lunch is it's like
an aubergine color we've got some chips
to share some bread
yes it wasn't that loud i frightened
quite over oh no you saw me but you
never can tell
we're back at the little area where we
came in today we're going to go back to
that design a Swedish design the shop
because it just looks so Thessaly
pleasing and then we're gonna pop it for
you today crazy gonna browse some shops
this afternoon I think I am so into that
much that was really having our office
so I'm like majorly into these as well
everything that's designed here is just
like beautiful even there's okay wait so
it's 359 and that doesn't mean anything
to me so it means it's really cheap
it means it's free guys even the bag is
cool I love it
you're a backing weekday I've been to
the one in London I'm excited for Anna
to be introduced
lovely view are outside weekday or voted
together it's so nice and easy beautiful
when you're away she's studying here she
was studying business we're now heading
into NK which is like a big shopping
mall 20 really nice straitened they like
eight year and then you look happy
everywhere
okay Thanks so good wow wow this is very
grand wowzer we've come to the burrito
shop and this is actually a Swedish
perfume brand and I tried it and I
really liked it it's like big and great
foods like fruity Vicky I'm gonna get
yes this it's like basically this candle
the character so a pound of it in a
perfume it's so good I'm gonna get the
50ml version so excited I haven't bought
perfume in ages but we're now heading
towards the sunglasses section because
well you guys know I have an obsession
but I'm on the hunt for I like you doing
you're like pre justification like this
is why I just watch either the round
ray-bans the bigger size the 52 they're
so hard to find I just want to know if
they see me or not I just want to know
so we're gonna go have a look this is a
super fancy sunglasses shop these are
the glasses I like the 53 inch 53
something sunglasses the black with the
gold
I like the millimeter guy he's going to
check if there any new ones in the back
what am I doing with my life okay over
there 53 53 53 inch sunglasses oh my god
the guy got my camera and he's like this
is a very advanced mirror I just feel
like I'm on holiday and I'm having a
great time right motif and
ray-bans our Swedish by boat cushion
covers that you can only get here we're
just taking a break as planned what
we're gonna do is evening we're gonna
get back to hotel and change and then
we're trying to find somewhere to go for
dinner
go to Stockholm Fashion Week and we
don't really know what we fancy eating
yet but we're just having a cup of tea
like the top of the department store was
really nice up there we're in a shop
called Barger and - mrs. Veronica last
time and she wanted to buy some more
dick Moby sunglasses your faves I've got
them in like a like a tortoiseshell e
colour and I'm getting there's a banging
optician I met another lovely viewers
she told us to come to this other kind
of shopping and it's really really cool
there's I could choose to place and then
you walk in and it's all like green
this place is seriously cool I love it
look look at that I love how you just
everything just looks cool here this is
the place that Martine Tina recommended
me cinnamon buns it was definitely like
I know it's not just the Swedish thing
but apparently they do them very well
here oh my god
and you know I'm not sharing it and you
still went for it you need to hold out
your face just a reference
and one minute later Ana's full baby
okay take a bag and you can have it at
the hotel my breakfast it's my money
guys so big that's for like four people
I think so we came back to the hotel
after Ana ate her giant cinnamon bun and
shiny at Cheyney I'd love it oh he
bought some back you were like nibbling
on some earlier I saw and we've just
been chilling and then we've just been
getting ready because tonight we're
going to the vs fashion show it's on a
tennis court which just sounds amazing I
think they're going to be walking down
the tennis court I'm very excited
because I've never been stuck on Fashion
Week and I think it'll be really cool so
we're just getting ready we've had music
on and I've had to turn off for the vlog
obviously but we've got a little bit of
time to spare before we go for dinner so
we've been trying at the record league
that they kindly sent us we don't want
to go to waste
obviously I've got the premium
passionfruit one YUM your time premium
was a college that is really exciting
yeah good no you know I like this it's
oh my god it literally is amazing right
oh it's like really really refreshing
that's exactly what it is
mmm let me show you guys what I'm
wearing tonight this is my Alice and
Olivia dress which I wore on the weekend
my friend's wedding thought this would
be perfect you know whereas my leather
jacket and these are my top shop boots
Anna is wearing a shirt you know it's
not gonna be as fancy as that everything
into my Topshop wrap know or like that
one yes yeah just step into my wardrobe
lovely with the jeans and Wendy Gucci
loafers I think yeah I'm just okay right
Stockholm Fashion Week here I mean that
really ruins the moment
and it doesn't like oh we've decided
that if you have a a vagina fence and
you want to make it and you want to make
it look cooler you just put your jacket
on your shoulder
is instantly fashion that shunt with me
we're in the uber and arriving at the
venue that seems really quiet oh I can
see some more cause this is a very like
pretty busy I think we need to join the
middle queue guys crazy it's like not
like a normal kind of like an indoor
glow in the dark or so we have a very
exciting place so they're just showing
us robot sounds all these seats here and
then this is the tennis court these guys
currently just warming up I don't know
we had to leave pretty quickly because
there were so many people getting to do
this at the same time so we kind of
crushed out there soon as the show
finished but it was really cool and now
we are grabbing and because we have
about to pass out we're back at the
hotel and full of pizza and we're gonna
head to bed I think I will talk to you
guys again in the morning morning
everyone we are down in the hotel lobby
we're gonna head out some brunch we need
to check out a life well I think and
we're gonna head to the airport then so
we're gonna go to a place called
Stockholm brunch Club I think which I
found online looks really cool and
getting it the food I'm really hungry
actually I didn't even bother do my hair
properly because I was like I just want
to eat him I'm wearing my new sunglasses
sorry things and doesn't wear my
straight away I have looked at the
makeover they do waffle Oh with Nutella
and ice cream oh my god oh my god
stockholm brunch Club then you look so
good there's like fresh juices really
mean just do thank you Oh Felix so good
guys look at this breakfast oh my god
it's a big fried eggs bacon tomatoes
mushrooms huge sausage avocado toast I
mean I do think my looks nice but I have
got major food NP it looks really good
back at the hotel and I'm just gonna
finish up all of my packing breakfast
was delicious I would definitely
recommend it was a little bit expensive
but it was it was really good I wouldn't
miss vibe good food
do you enjoy us I really enjoyed mine
and I wish you got a milkshake the milk
Jace looked so so good so we're gonna
check out and then head onto a plane and
head home so not much to vlog there and
it's such an easy journey and I'm
looking forward to getting home getting
into my bed thank you guys so much for
watching this vlog thank you again to
record league for sending me here with
Anna it's been so much fun and I'll see
you guys on Sunday for my next video so
see you then bye
