good morning beautiful people don't mean
my lens is open properly so i don't
think that makes a difference to hello
how are you doing today i'm vlogging
which is very exciting for you got lots
of stuff happening today first thing
that we're doing right now it's matt
over there Matt as a loving life right
now how happy are you Matt very happy
yeah Matt Matt's a little bit stress
right now what the reason that is a
little bit stressed is today we're sort
me out like final stuff for the new rap
music video which you guys will see very
soon and you'll maybe even see those
sneak peeks of it today but Matt is
trying to finalize a couple of details
and am just not going to pan really we
literally I literally got a phone call
minute you go Matt was just calling
these this company using my phone and
then I hadn't like a number i didn't
recognize called when i thought it might
be the company disposed to join answer
and he some answers and he get his that
yeah hello and the companies like oh hi
is Marcus there please and ice it's matt
owen ask who's calling and then he just
goes no I'm fine whom was like okay just
all good sir yeah good start to the day
today is a combination of and us sorting
out final final five environments with
their final music rap video stuff and
also Christmas shopping so there's two
things combined in one day which is
great you guys might even get a sneak
peek of some livers presents because the
people i'm getting presents for today
don't watch my videos so i might as well
show you i'm getting them okay so one of
the things i'm getting is you guys know
obviously I have my group of friends I
have friends yes we do a secret
something every year and we set a budget
I think this year it is if I don't do 15
or 20 pounds this year and we're giving
gifts actually on my birthday which is
next week sometime because we're gonna
be here for my birthday and
sometimes it's like you don't know it to
be get Jerry present or a serious prism
so I'm on not on the high street com
wait for it focus here we go I'm I'm not
in high shoot com this is eight pounds
and this is for one of my friends this
is who I'm getting my secrets and for
this is one thing I'm going to get so
it's a little coaster and it's a bit of
a joke it's like great dads get promoted
to granddad um it's a bit of an in joke
with him like when I hand it to him and
he'll just be like wow cheers yeah yeah
no no that's the first experience of
blogging you can see yourself second
prison that I am gonna get really hope
you don't watch I'm gonna tell you not
to watch this but um I know I'm gonna
def have done lunch rush I'm thinking
getting my dad a nice a really nice
light wash bag because I feel like it's
something that when you have a really
nice one it just lasts forever and I'm
pretty sure he doesn't have one no I'm
sure he has one not like a nice one so
this is what I'm thinking I really like
the brown leather and all I need to go
that way instead there we go that's what
it looks like I think that's just really
nice and I'm pretty sure he'll really
like that so so the joke present for my
friend for secret santa is like like
they're just a little joke then the
actual present i'm going to get them is
something that i think i've always
wanted one of these for ages and that's
not the reason i'm getting it just like
me oh I've wanted that by Jenny meaning
is a really cool present have you ever
have you guys seen those like it's like
a smartphone project so you can stick
your phone in there I've never like seen
in real life but I've seen them
everywhere and then it projects outside
like you can watch stuff if you're
watching me like YouTube video you can
stick it in and project it like on to
order something there you go that's what
it looks like you stick your phone in
the back here and then it projects that
out onto the wall I think that's a
really really cool present so I'm gon
get that one okay I'm also buying alpha
something online
not going to show you that just because
out of anyone even if I say don't watch
this you guys will probably tweak to him
or he'll watch it because Alfie's like
when I'm one fans who loves watching my
videos so he will probably definitely
see it but I am getting something right
now so but yeah not showing you saws but
telling you I've got about five presents
now they're all in my shopping basket
and I'm at checkout personally when I
shop online I always use paypal for me
it's a lot easier and I think a lot of
people don't realize that we pay how you
can like link your card to it so you
know when you want to buy stuff online
you could go on and you have to enter
your card details every time and it's
like a bit of a mesh well when you have
your paypal like you just put it in once
then it stores in it just honesty does
make it a lot easier like I genuinely
use paypal for like pretty much
everything online i have it for my
netflix account my spotify account and
my shoe shopping and when i make online
purchase because it is just easier you
can give us a stun what a stunt yeah
trying to stun yeah this is no Oh should
I show you want to try you're gonna try
to head middle of posting something but
I on my ready similar way or i surrend
ER technique news yeah I'm not letting a
little singer yeah you that's the main
stun no singing it's okay mama and then
bouncing my gosh just go maybe go a bit
slower yeah I did the same way what's so
um okay oh god wait two sides and sing
yeah I'm impressed photo ok back to buy
its stuff before we could go out and get
the rest of stuff the music video pay
now on my paypal butter completed Thank
You Marcus Butler lovely pushes so now
yeah you can explode Ewok out of frame
um what yeah anyway we are now heading
down to we're gonna go to Camden because
we need to find some like really cool
like fur coat source of the music video
so we thought that'd be the place to
find them this is my rap easy video if
you didn't know that motion are married
I'm doing another one but just in case
you didn't know that thats i'm doing
also if is we're drawing in public some
plugged in ages in public with either
quite ways why don't you try blowing up
like everything like hey guys they go
there's a tube station how many really
good time it's quite dry but having fun
guys what an interesting speech from
matt
I just saw morning I wouldn't see what
you did
the train terminates that modern fire
back little man today sorry this lens
things really quite I'm really sorry
there's if its blackness like around the
screen it's because my thing that's part
of it yeah Camden we're here
and we are looking at the rap music
video stuff predominantly fur coats but
anything that looks gangster Al
basically in the shopping cabin and just
seen that you've got Tara is why you
jumper is so on it what do you think
they taking a selfie who's a good luck
is a good luck getting a good luck
either you don't improve tea in a pretty
cool I think they're pretty cool
actually I think maybe a little bit too
big not not we Bought glasses for the
rap video oh thank you should i'm on
yes you look like a rata this is surely
what this is gonna so yeah that is
definitely we're getting this to the
video you guys are just in an exclusive
sneak peek of water in rap video now I'm
going to trial mr. i didn't know if i
take this is a female only shot fun yes
all right one you need two priests are
just as we're paying we found the whole
load of these rings that just says i am
a rapper called over so i had to get one
of those as well you guys will see that
though no I'm fine thank you just know
not science its head bang bang chicken
that guy I see
there when I've been turned on a
Saturday as a whole queue and it's
singing his heart out just hold you know
like bang bang chicken chicken chicken
but it makes a whole song out of it
chicken for the video this is so awesome
I Boston or famine we just picked up
quick drink juice from in spiral so I
got health food source happy being that
before it's really good if you guys age
enjoy that through now and just low
record shop okay in a couple of Records
again for the music video so yeah thank
you
so yeah couple records and get some
latex gloves the sneak peek fully wet
sounds weird but that's all it is that
always do with a ponytail just so
ponytail just in case I want it to look
like mother of dragons from Game of
Thrones he's found something oh here we
go that could be a good one on my face
so I think I'm hopefully I really really
want a record player but I really just I
want to be lies people one sick record
which I'm gonna order just any of these
Drive soundtrack is amazing obviously
Eddie boy is that already Adele 25 but
they have on liner Kendrick JB Oh JB
purpose that's here qilin boy shaking
your head try that he disappointed
you're not believer I he can even funny
OS lover honestly matt is like the
biggest car near West man and I just
walked past this woman you should get
this and he looked and he just goes I'm
gonna have to get that Johnson Maris
then you got you you can't get up
because turn it around turn it around
you haven't been to any of those until
know you have a you're not a true fan my
dira pretend part of it dance you've
never been to taste in your life into
Toronto you've never have you been to
America other than florida st. Matt's
line rap music video stuff slow dead
other than one little thing but we're
going to try and grab that online we're
heading back to grab some lunch now
excuse me I forgot earlier remedy and
the online stuff that to get so I've got
like my older sisters present our date
she was actually no she wasn't the first
does about associates of that she was
the first but I still need to get high
so I'm no more going to get afraid you I
just haven't actually got it so I'm
gonna do it right now obviously i'm not
going to show you what it is because
there is a chance you might watch this
log and then that'll be shown but she
also has her birthday today like right
by chris has the day before mines on the
17 so I'm gay I like something that's
joint for both but yeah again I know
just in case she sees it so yeah as you
guys saw earlier I can also do paypal my
phone like it's really really easy it's
linked with my card so all the same
things apply and then I can just do that
I'm then to what my card stuff
I'm a happy boy doing I'm done so much
shopping pike I had two birds one stone
a salir see how cheeky San isn't it
Treecko that video stuff and a load of
Christmas those are Christmas presents
date success younger yeah hey yeah
hungry for life why are my god ice
London's again very cool Marcus was here
I'm gonna scrub it out because it slick
I know it leaves at nine marks for you
on your windows so you gotta wipe it
nicely for you there we go yeah we're on
our way we're gonna eat food and pizza
bottle of sparkling water and that like
some fries are the rest when i run a
drink comes a cropper kool i love it i'd
only true love it's a really weird thing
but that is like properly cold so
that'll be nice to like so refer well
you know that's my properly cold yeah
not just like oh we stop this in the
fridge for half an hour this is like
being in the fridge feedback
yeah that's just instantly regret yeah
thank you oh yes food has arrived over a
superfood salad broccoli match come for
a cheese pizza how happy with that very
happy eyes just matt has this thing
where he doesn't eat is cross but he
it's the middle of the pizza like that
is that is that strange or not you don't
think everyone knows everyone fuck
alright so we're just going to pay the
bill now literally threw that up with
paypal same again it's got my card in
there continued payment confirmation
yeah I'm glad to grab my haircut grab my
haircut get a haircut Matt's running
back home to drop some stuff music video
stuff so I'll see you in a minute with a
new haircut Oh guys I'm really not sure
about when you hear right now I like in
hairdressers but right now I'm just not
too sure you ready 3 2 1 so it obviously
needs like basically what I'm trying to
do is grow it basic I'm trying to like
the Biebs not not really why I'm a
little bit give me inspiration I've
wanted to grow this bitch I've been like
kind of growing this and then the sides
are just shorter so then it like at the
moment it's very slick though she's come
back but this is what it looks I'm
really not sure about it but once this
gets like a bit more volume then that
will sit a bit higher and back like a
little bit like that sort of but um yeah
that's my new hair would even mine yet
Matt loves it don't matter you have with
money here it's cool next slip slip Rick
spit mark slip more sleep more but yeah
I am going to end this vlog here now
guys so I really hope you liked it it's
another daily blog I said David it's my
first day to work in a while um I've
really enjoyed data from me actually
well nearly not the camera at man but
yeah I've really enjoyed daily volume
hope you guys have enjoyed it as well
me know if you have and if you want to
see more daily vlogs other than that i
will see you beautiful people tomorrow
all right thank you bye
