good morning and welcome to vlogmas day
25 which means it's christmas eve and
for you it's christmas day so Merry
Christmas I hope you having a lovely day
so far I've uploaded this vlog a little
bit earlier because who knows when
you're gonna have free time on Christmas
Day to watch a vlog so yeah thank you
for making time if in fact you are
watching this on Christmas Day slight
Rumble um so yeah it's Christmas Eve
today and me and Charlie are does
manically rushing around the house
trying to pack things up ready to take
to my mum's we're leaving those
stockings because I actually just full
of empty cargo boxes just for display
we've taken all the presents from the
tree I've packed a suitcase with like
all the outfits I'm gonna need for
tonight for Christmas Day for Boxing Day
and for the day after and yeah I've
basically packed all my festive stuff
like festive socks festive jumpers
festive headgear so it's gonna be a
lovely festive a few days this little
man is very excited he's been running
around the house being a little hooligan
this morning think he knows something's
happening cuz he's just being very very
naughty the yeah I'm gonna finish
packing just got a few more bits to do
and then chai and I are gonna go very
quickly in central London we need to
have some doughnuts for the people at
dawdle home to say thank you doughnuts
for the family and a few very very
last-minute Christmas gifts so let's get
crackin
we're in town doing some very very
last-minute Christmas shopping but
taking the side streets and they're not
too busy just walk down Regent Street
and it wasn't actually that bad either
was it sounds really pretty
so we're just trying to find a certain
fatty to get Charlie's mom's yoga pants
and now we're gonna head to Covent
Garden to get me some nice quitaque
stationery I love Charlie my stocking
and then I think we could you go and get
some
gang going
arancini yes never been this yeah
what do you want wheat
really sad and we're at mum's house now
I didn't really vlog that much when we
were shopping because before I knew it
we had loads of back that blacks lived
bags and yeah wasn't gonna happen me
holding the camera and we went home
picked up certain little monkey and
we're at Mom's house now and then we got
stockings on our bed
Santa's obviously been early and mums
set up every single B to be downstairs
we're gonna have some canap√©s a little
bit of food oh brother
we're gonna get changed and we're going
to have some nice Christmas canapes have
a little glass of sparkly and then we're
heading out
so just finished going ready and this is
my outfit of the night show you my
makeup I've got pretty much my usual
makeup with a bit heavier on the eyes
got some new those lashes which not as
good as I do already
have some drinks and nibbles I had
company we've just come to penny hair
which isn't mums gym membership lace and
lipstick
I've got the mills and the mince pies
and the carrots all ready for father
Christmas back at Mom's house now and
you had a really lovely evening at penny
Hill Park and we just had some nice
Christmas cocktails and it was really
cute there definite or trays out with
them glasses of milk and carrots and
what else was that mince pies and candy
canes ready for father Christmas so yeah
gonna have an early night it's maybe
like 11 o'clock now but that's early-ish
that we can really enjoy it tomorrow to
Christmas dinner so this is the last
vlogmas I feel like it's actually gone
really really quickly I really enjoyed
doing and I hope you guys have enjoyed
watching it I didn't expect all the
lovely comments and feedback so thank
you guys so much for watching and
commenting and just being really lovely
so I really hope you guys have enjoyed
vlogmas and i'll be back in a couple of
days with some normal videos and if
you've enjoyed the blogging then let me
know and maybe i'll do weekly vlogs or
something in the new year yet to decide
my new year's resolutions but maybe I'll
make looking at one of them Charlie says
he'll know so I'm off to bed now we are
surprised - fires kind of watch bit Lisa
a Christmas movie yeah you guys having a
lovely Christmas day and I shall see you
very soon
you
