and if I wore like a white born spoiler
sue I would look like someone who's
gonna fix your electrical probably hello
so I am back I'm looking I have my
camera it is six yay I'm so happy I'm so
and I've actually been here this is my
third time so the first time I stayed
with a friend so it kind of you know we
went to some reasonable places second
time we were hauling who as a brand so
you know we ate like three starters and
main in the desert it's time around
we're going to do lots of you know three
things we're in an air B&B our Airbnb is
absolutely beautiful
let me show you oh my god like it is
gold look at this chair so yeah really
really nice I'll show you the rest later
but it's just really really nicely done
you know obviously very sandy I think
I'm going to buy like flax tea bit so
that's one of our meals covered yeah
it's the combination of like strategic
strategically filling lunches and maybe
a small dinner or like the other way
around so you know hey we can do it I'm
excited to see another side of
Copenhagen you know when you go
somewhere three times you're kind of bit
more chilled and you're not rushing
around as much but also I'm here with
someone else let me show you oh oh oh oh
they come through is that what we come
through as you guys come through we're
showing here in my standard bed Shannon
the house and we were bonding over all
black girl problems but actually Holston
as you see and she has important Easter
eyes that I'm like there's only so much
moisturizer I can give you right couple
and what you scroll by
the Kiera always bring a fact as
moisturizer we have this lens Ryanair so
a little bit tricky but yet this is a
bedroom we've got it's really really
nice like really really nicely done you
can tell a guy lives here because
there's no floor mats mirror
there's no been in the bathroom there
are just very few mirrors there is some
seasoning so I'm excited to convert to
every much Atkins evening but you've got
Mexican seasoning so we can make a bit
of Mexican I've packed hand luggage
somehow I've got like five outfits three
bags three pairs of shoes I am a master
of hand luggage but I never really do it
I challenge myself so that should be a
really really exciting trip so we're
going to head out now
and explore Copenhagen we're going to
try the open savages and read about
pronouncing things there being a
difference
so I can't direct objects only for
people I supported people watch I feel
like community that free due to the tree
like I like this interesting boy to suit
and if I will like a white all in foiler
- I would look like someone who's it if
it's your electric love it
we thought we'd go for like this
traditional open sandwich and then we've
got districting we like I just as
opposed to doing and yet the bigger
picture of the added bonus little bit
green
I'm not I'm not oh no you can sort of oh
don't you take my dipping in this is
basically where you get the best
cinnamon roll in the world I've been
dreaming about these four year
yeah so I change ok this is one of a
colorful shops in Copenhagen we actually
move the same because we are bloggers
basically like my room in shop format
look at these color and then loads of
the book the sea floor type as well so
yeah we're in good hands
we're super cannon which is a really
cool part I think that it feels it's a
sort of represent all of the different
communities living in the area and what
I remember I think some abroad like the
view will be really cool ok so this is
really this is another part of the park
but I actually missed out on last time
and review like everywhere I think I've
eaten bloggers having a little shoot
okay we're trying to get in connect so
one bit confused we thought we'd gone in
the wrong way but that was the entrance
okay so we all obviously very unfamiliar
with nesco and we're going to go buy
some food for breakfast tomorrow to the
other B&B yeah I'm gonna make sure how
much your evening has such a long day
been up since 5:00 5:00 a.m.
oh yeah yeah so yeah we've got signal
rolls left over and I want the dinner
with the leftover chicken wings so
that's a bit random but who cares where
Copenhagen I'm going to sign up for
today and I'll see you in the morning
hello so it is Wednesday and we're going
to attempt to hire a bike and ride the
bike in Copenhagen but I think you know
the card will be forgiving I'm going to
hire these donkey bikes let me show you
I know these are not don't you like
these are different maybe these might be
the easier let's see how do we do this
English so I cycle did not go to plan I
think the bikes are just very confusing
and by the time we'd signed up like 20
minutes to sign up and then I
accidentally like move the seat so it
was like higher than my head
and then I got a bike and I couldn't
actually move off like it was just
really stiff and I don't understand I
don't know something wrong the bike and
now we're just running a little bit late
from Paul it's really annoying I'm
lacking the apartment that had to run a
getting phone charger because I just was
carrying a bit crazy and I just needed a
needed contact the world outside we put
on to another tour also got a cut on my
leg I think I might kicked a bike
accident was trying to pedal and maybe
caught a leg on the right so but yeah I
just really wanted to cycle I've been
doing lots of practice so bit gutted but
maybe we'll try bit later on so
basically we're going to do a lot of
walking today but a walk to the walking
tour walk around probably walk back
because okay I don't know where the
buses go so I'm selecting Armin and
that's being left nav and then I guess
number two biking country in the world
writer for Honda that means that here
and there in Copenhagen we have a lot
more bikes than we have car actually you
know as people in Copenhagen they have
to make one for the waste of time and
one for the summertime or you know when
the first one gets stolen your local
speed is true the reason why the houses
are painted different colors is because
the sailors use River where they live
similar to parado Island in medicine
it's just another day today we've really
lucked out with the weather tomorrow
it's mr. rain and then for the following
like six days on seismic terrain
applause so yeah things are just so much
better when it's sunny we finished our
tour basically learn about Denmark
there's lots of palaces there are a lot
of fires back in the day and there's a
lot of likes so I think it's a really
good way to just get your bearing and
get to know Missy that was a very good
choice we're going to going to have for
lunch so if we have taken street food I
think only get Korean food is going to
have flavor
Susan get the ribbon back this goes back
really tell me anything right Andy we
just finished filling that with a deep
and esteemed as of that it's boiling and
we're going to head to hey the horse
shop is basically gold like look at
everything okay is a really cool wet
Danish design store and there's a sale
just went a bit crazy intuition
department they have got all of these
cushion covers for I think like 80% off
and I hope they're going to fit in my
suitcase I'm willing to wear the
cushions if I have to you know Ryanair
if you're going to be technique Osasuna
we're at blows kazoo cutter
and it's very fancy very pretty looking
taco you know fare quite tasty but more
pipe using the same the tacos were nice
weren't they but quite claiming I don't
know it's reasonable it's kind of like
maybe Copenhagen reasonable
we just went to places where you could
just grab food not necessary a drink
we're going to sit in the famous
graveyard for a bit it's where people
like maybe have Christie Mae Larssen let
be buried famous people and yeah we've
done about 30,000 stairs so this is what
happens when you don't figure out how to
hire a bike you basically look 10 11
miles I'm hoping hoping I've got some
nice toned legs her people people treat
this paint in the park
aha there we go and Christian Anderson
just had a little sit down and our
dumplings and get a head back to the
apartment and I need to get on with some
work so yes can't wait to chill and rest
my tired feet hello
it is Thursday we are going down six
flights of stairs every single day and
we are back to that perfect depth know
the basic PD although within the attempt
of cycling again but I tried a dog bite
for these other bite see if they work
fingers crossed because what a lot of
grounds we want to cover today come up
with a crazy itinerary of I'm currently
crazy you know planner a little bit like
monitor from friends and yeah I'm going
to see what we had done we had another
bike fail for some reason just a little
bit confusing and I can't tell whether
you can hire for a day you know and
forest by cute obviously pay for the day
but you can drop it off pick it up drop
it off I don't know if you can do that
here and then it says it'll charge you
300 euros if I get stolen and there's no
talking points I'm just I'm confused I'm
confused Copenhagen like what are you
doing to be I love the cycle for you
will give us trouble to another doctor
you boy which is kind of in the
direction mobile need to go
and hopefully we'll have a little more
like so now it's time to take two
obviously what the episode and cycle at
the same time but I'll let you know how
I get on
I have successfully cycling across Spain
or in Friedreich's burg wasn't meant to
come here but oh well I don't know where
shard is I think she's having a bit of
trouble with the bike quite heavy and
just a bit unpredictable
I can either electronic bike and what I
heard a crash and I hope that wasn't her
I actually had a bit of a near miss on
the way so this car I was cycling and
finally managed to you know move off on
the bike and then this car just pulled
out in front of me and I freaked out and
locking it stops but then I can't move
off and then I'm just like stuck in with
the road and then the Spanish girl was
like are you okay and then I just
started crying in Spanish girl she was
like hugging me and she was holding
three plugs it was really really nice
it's just like you know those bikes are
really heavy even she knows that they're
heavy because I just worry that I look
like a car cycle and you know I've been
practicing and I know I can do it it's
just really frustrating when the bike is
electronic and you don't realize it's
electronic and yes it's a bit of drama
so I ended up walking a good bike for a
bit trying to find the docking point got
even more lost and then ended up cycling
to the to the docking point because it
was just quicker so now we want to catch
this really nice to lunch we're so busy
like oh so busy we've missed the lunch
so what like the breakfast so we're
going to go to a different place which
is like Texan barbecue and I feel like
I've earned it so really excited about
that
these are somewhere that's been
recommended it's meant to be Texan
barbecues or we go it's Nashville so I
have only that compared with but I'm
happy how it is so we are now in
Christian province which is little
Amsterdam apparently and it's also very
similar like
the houses with justin trudeau calls the
apartment which are the design video
they've collected all episodic really
reflected not only standing by claiming
like they're having these colorful and
send the whip around and they're going
to be opening an actual patterns that
you can rent like an air B&B and it's
going to be done out in the same style
so that something to you know say before
just finished in the Design Museum and I
found the key street in the world not
long
got about cuz of hours until we asked a
to the airport I'm going in search more
cinnamon rolls and I'm going to try it
and sit them in my hand luggage I am
back at the edgy and be freshened up a
little bit and then I had looks a bit
crazy but yeah that was it Copenhagen on
a budget so I think we have a budget of
75 pounds per day including like the
Airbnb food I'm going to put all the
details in my blog post which should be
very live very soon and I will leave the
link in the description box you had to
do it in a bit of budget it is a bit
tricky because of the exchange rate it's
not ideal but I think if you're creative
with where you go and what you order
like we didn't order any alcohol
wouldn't really within order like
starters or desserts or anything we just
try to get a good substantial main meals
that would see us through most of the
day and then like chop it up we will go
into the supermarket as well walked a
lot we just thirty thousand steps
yesterday I think I did twenty thousand
today even I wasn't meant to it wanted
to cycle I think if you're going to
psychology but you're a bit nervous you
might be better off going to one of the
bike shops that you see doc get around
town and at least there you can get them
to explain you know how to lock the
bright properly where to leave it any
tips because I feel like the bike I
skied
have to know all the ins and outs and
it's not ideal if you're a tourist I've
been very confusing and bicycling bikes
just avoid avoid they are heavy they get
stuck so electric I don't understand how
they work just really wanted to say I
wanted to put my skills to good use
because I know it's very unlikely that
I'm going to be cycling around you know
central London I like the fact that
there were cycle lanes you know what I
did is I thought it was quite nice it's
quite calming I saw different parts of
the city we're going to head in our
hopper transfer to the airport I'd like
a great time Copenhagen I've seen even
more and it's just such a cool city like
I wanted to appear if it's can build a
bike it it wasn't going to happen
I definitely think I'll be back is my
third time there's still more to do and
it's just a really chilled place to go
to on a city break so yeah it'd be great
if you kids like this subscribe it would
make my day leave a comment as loss
thing that we saw or whether you done
anything like this in Copenhagen and
yeah thank you for watching and I will
see you very soon bye
