good morning everybody what's happening
what's going on welcome to namibia stay
where we going up sources play oh yeah
that's gonna be the best bit one of the
best bits yesterday we went to an
abandoned mining town it's like a ghost
town
roll clips of the ghost town some of the
buildings could be unsafe
welcome to Coleman's cop and abandoned
town in Namibia
we let this place go hey that's what my
channel looks like abandoned love
exploring with Josh exploring with Josh
would love this main new bar yeah
absolutely
one previous owner the sand has just
crept into every single room there to me
is the most pointless and stupid thing
ever
let's just write your name and the date
like permanently on a place is just
backwards now why would you do that not
super confident in the structural
integrity of this sketchy get gar so
much sand have come in here
just stupid to get through the doorways
which is unusual for me I'm pretty put
for a full board if we call to see a
snapshot of how this community was back
back in the day
gymnastics club of course yeah that's my
am some now attacked attacks in Africa
by commerce top of your part is true
definitely going to check it out yeah
what's in sauces later silently is if
you google movie earth the images of
slices today will probably pop up there
so this is sandy
huge red rolling you just took us 45
minutes to pack up it's not too bad
ready to get all wash bag and the soap
you skip it in there okay alright let's
go shall we
sexy in that beanie girl first time
every time
there were three
we have a major major issue potentially
fatal for the car yeah could you tell us
back yeah that would be amazing
yeah I get the tow rope I'm really
hoping that the bolts that hold the
cover in aren't sheared because that's a
huge job we might be stuck here luckily
we didn't get that far I don't know if
guys okay these two lovely ladies are
going to tell us back to house
luckily is only a few kilometers and you
know I'm fearing the worst guys I feel
like that bolt has sheared off just like
previously that bolt sheared off yeah
hopefully out such a good mechanic
okay we made it to house we were towed
thank you tears by the nicest ladies and
now I guess we have to make a plan
feeling a little bit heartbroken right
now you hate me then okay two minutes
two minutes I've been here and this this
man isn't helping us you're on you
feeling optimistic about this yeah just
I put way too much oil in basically yeah
you will see the difference well it's
not screwing back in nicely that means
it's not shared too much oh is that a
problem no that shouldn't be but it just
I don't know what I just want kind of
fun with it now for did you dropped a
few pudding move how we've driven we
drove from Rosh Pina we put in the oil
yeah a couple of thousand Kay's don't
know no that's not you something else
think so
so it's happened before with this bolt
here and it's been shared no as you know
the amount of oil okay so that makes me
feel a little bit better definitely I
put too much oil in so it's got too much
oil in but I mean that's not why were
juggling it shorted out of the space
again out of that then we're trying to
get hold of a guy called Johann Strauss
here is the only Land Rover mechanic in
Namibia and luckily for us is he's any
sort of 270 k's in here hello yeah again
Land Rover troubles yeah I've got an old
Land Rover yeah I love but Land Rovers
it's all part of the journey as well you
want to do is get the sauces play and
enjoy the dunes but at least we're not
like in some random sand dune or
something somewhere where nobody can
come help us
okay we are on our way
well you're a year receipt Anya no no no
I said everything okay
hit the road
nearly there
you need that number we have arrived for
hours pretty great
no problem
now it looks like we can get a whole new
Xander if we wanted we are in the middle
of nowhere
let them go hello hello okay thank you
very good yeah yeah black Ben Ben hey
Irina Nicole okay 1990 fish the media
thank you for um yeah helping us are you
feeling that lifestyle right now I'm
like like madness it was on high but I
know in a couple weeks or when this is
fixed I look back in drag another part
of the trip remember right not like this
is terrible
yeah it's amazing it's beautiful around
here the drive here was incredible we've
backtracked every I'm very obviously
going to be staying overnight and the
mechanic Corbis will be working on the
car first thing in the morning and I
will be watching him and learning
there's a lot of stuff I know about this
card I didn't used to know about that
there's also a lot of stuff that I still
need to learn cording to these guides
and Andrea and all sources this was the
fault of the previous mechanics that
worked on the car seven Landy's who over
tightened the tappets
cover bolts second time they've done
that yeah seven Landy's also did a cut
job on Nicole's dad's car Tony's car and
then charged him loads to fix the
problem that they created and this is a
neat are now look it was a discovery
three anyway onwards and upwards such as
life we just had such a nice place books
for tonight and tomorrow night which
we're going to have to push back
hopefully where are we going to stay so
this way yeah with wilderness but it's
not just pushing that back I forgot the
three places worked after that yeah
okay your hand and his wife have let us
set out and rooftop tent up right
outside where we're going to be working
on the car tomorrow so we're just going
to camp up tomorrow we're going to be
fixing the car pretty much I think all
day and best-case scenarios we leave
tomorrow worst-case scenarios it takes
two days if I'm honest I'm quite happy
to spend a little bit more time just
making sure Humber is numbers good
before we go I'm feeling super lucky
right now that this happened now and not
when we were somewhere in the middle of
absolutely nowhere where nobody was
going to come find us so we're going to
be going a lot deeper into Africa how
lucky that we were within a four-hour
drive of Namibia's best Land Rover
mechanic I could keep saying it's down
to human error the car can be reliable
it just takes some good mechanics that
actually care working on the car so yeah
I'm confident that this is going to be
the last of our problems on this trip
and certainly we're going to have time
in the next two days to iron out any
other potential problems that we might
come across with the car fixing fixing
things tomorrow I'm feeling good about
it I'm also feeling very lucky meet all
these people and to come we would never
have found ourselves in this beautiful
part of the world and it really is
stunning I'm going to do a little drone
flight around the farm in the area
tomorrow and really give you guys a
better idea of where we are because it's
stunning here it's amazing
hopefully we're only going to be set
back by two or three days I don't know
we're going to figure it out but nothing
compared to the inconvenience that we
could have faced further along the trip
and potential safety issue of being
stranded and so going to make this car
flipping awesome over the next two days
and iron out any more kinks and now I
keep saying that but I'm confident we're
going to get there with Pumbaa but yeah
I would take you guys tomorrow
you
