have a pool officially out on this
lovely Sunday morning / / / / / letting
the water out now going skies you
remember tip top cooking up some
scrambled eggs Mahana bit of lottery
yogurt and pitabread mean today feels
and evening
the meeting done so we get a falafel box
on the way I'm going to be busy busy
news live at Tuesday's watch it but this
is going to be after that so you can
watch it cases which we like by I was
look about photo ver is a shade photo
rights in the waiting room before we go
live on it I look like a sweaty hawk in
Bay do you prefer football Campari's
authorities in calling for that material
you will sent for example or the
universe events on the video and think
about the expression water source
what assassin has been marked as a
market canary and a description also
many feathers of practice so many of the
major sites have verses in context about
mother's dress and behavior proposal new
management and what happened in the last
15 years or so is it there's an
increasing commercial market for this
and return once passes and is not so
difficult and women and they see a
lethally is looking for anyone who has
that kind of preferences yes we like
each other in life except that I started
because as i 13 years ago and it was
mainly like I have a fashion blogger
because I'm spicy but today I didn't
feel like there was a place for me it
was an exploring Universal assembly and
so people were armed for life and kind
of does a bit myself god I met with Rena
Lewis today and gave me her book Muslim
fashion it's very interesting about the
first 10 pages so far away and I'm
already in these girls on the front they
were pictured at a meet-and-greet that I
did in Oxford Circus probably like four
years ago it was a meet-and-greet /
photography opportunity arranged by
myself and Alisha and I was 40 Lydia's
kind of like photography series she's
doing on Hilary's and Rena Lewis also
met us there so that she could do a
little bit of a Muslim fashion research
and I can't remember their name but this
girl now is a blogger and I follow her
on Instagram but I can't remember her
god damn me
yeah yeah yeah guys done with firstly
take my head therefore I was very good
little business all now we're going to
find so much thicker pictures and then
go to spending since our pics enzyme
around on us see these pictures over to
therefore secret project so you can see
them for a while anyway
we went into the shop and bought Oh max
I'm going to have
right now co-funding sewed up its bottle
up roads but a lot of things pretty
classic flavors you know vanilla
strawberry Nutella and a white chocolate
surrounded by bubble waffle basically
look at those bubbles
they were guys this is over let's check
out on the second floor of an HIV
deflection from ten leading violence
from the United Arab Emirates across
fashion jewelry and ceramic the part of
the council's all support the region's
colors on international at form I quite
like that baby team is going shopping
Brandon calls
was it high school al-malik look at it I
love the see how revving everyone
jumping over things it sounds on this
one tethers visit twisted roots guys
these all the brands that are showcasing
this is a and the label I love the suit
have good moments got para pensar
slaughter just finished up a fennec
really good to meet some designers from
the UAE amazing pieces big mentor 30
says you can make up much bigger patter
delivered a dream shopping wears them on
and it's not even morning mate its
midday chaplains out here chillin would
you mean yesterday we had some really
exciting news come through the post is
that McDonald's now delivers to our area
turns out they lie because we went on
uber and they wanted their yeah yeah so
I'll try again today and if it's not
there I'm going to get really annoyed
it's about three o'clock afternoon all
morning means that have been like
editing videos that have deadlines
tidying up the house car my granddad are
on their way from America I don't have a
kettle to make tea duty divine read me
grab that
I know guys this is my climb that you've
ever met him on the blog hi so pops yes
Alison what you didn't pick while i'm
doing here i'm visiting first time in
this new home I'm here to do some
contact
yes I have told you about my granddad is
a rock star and he's a Justin Bieber of
the band so the Recon
many many years full of old people I'm
probably going to edit this one I also
do some painting how much happier now
honey I was having tennis fans because
you haven't I will be telling you how to
end on it I'm wearing a black short
sleeve shirt skinny blue jeans as long
as coming out where they brought oh
nothing about these in Berkeley
California for good evening and my shirt
came from no unfortunately no somewhere
in Russia when I'm not wearing a bra
what's wrong with telling I know yet
yeah I really want do a painting
challenge video ends in Chapel yeah I
want to get like a packet of cheap paper
to protect oh okay I'm just like April
paper we have to like to paint
doing in particular for good 10-minute
be hilarious okay YouTube go I'll be
great every window ice this is come to
the rescue basically like decent salad
mate my granddad's gone oh we've had a
late-night visitor why are you saying
boy I'm chilling just came back from
Hungary now I'm going back home to come
delicious uh by semanas it is made for
boys I'm gonna crucify his friend is
Amanda going to be in the vlog pendant
he does really nice panda realize
Thursday morning and this skinhead over
here got me a girl's latte
that's derogatory I ended up falling
asleep for the last two hours while we
were doing Hannah's room up but in other
news
look what
right today our dining chair really
ordered fall because we don't know if
we're going to need six or not evident
because our dining table has not arrived
yet update update Hannah's TB ten
arrived and I filled it with cushions
then I'm going to be putting her book
little bookshelf thingy there and some
toy boxes arrived some be setting those
up as you can tell right now but this is
the sleeping situation
I honestly think they're one of us
sleeps on a mattress next to her and the
other one of us sleeps in a spare bed in
the single room guys I'm in the twenty
this is going to go in the car to put
her to sleep and it's pizza nice tonight
Riley morning and we are charging the
twizz's we're going to take it to sell
for me yes we are my phone is charging
as well yep so we want to take the Twizy
South Pole I am looking for a couple of
outfits for my brother-in-law's wedding
week only the mehndi outfit green and
orange and the other two are more like
terms creamy Goldy without magenta lot
in love by the way I already had two
lattes this morning
yeah because Josie didn't coming in
darling sit good drive guys I don't
think you should because people sent a
lot more when says joy than when I'm
driving
we do things like this video like it
looks pretty much go like on the side of
the drivers length and the driver had
quite a long leg room if you ask me and
he can move a chair back and forth
Mendy jewelry colorful give me them
another even though we're I look like a
dork at the backed up I got my head off
run home we talk to our neighbors about
half an hour now we're back in a vehicle
but our regular course and I'm alive a
better community more come on my well he
was actually going to win it the classic
immunity you're not dealing it if - why
me
oh it's your little circle of sudden
from the car oh I didn't vlog the whole
day because I tina Takia could not be
bothered I hope you enjoyed this week's
loss and we'll see you on next week's
vlog but also we'll see you when the
videos in between yay
