good morning guys how's the end I'm
living out of breath just sprinted up
them stairs currently still in Vietnam
as you still would have seen from the
videos I'm in a different place now
not vlog because I want to show you guys
how amazing is we're so very very hot so
it's not the bug off I'm gonna give you
a little tour because they've given us
this honeymoon pad which is like a
obviously it's made for honeymoons and
you know you can take whoever here but I
need a Shoji because we've just done
some photos in it but it is just
ridiculous so first of all you have your
own little walkway so like I said we are
literally in a jungle pretty much um the
hotel resorts over there but you've got
your own walkway starts up there and
come down here and then walking around
here continues I when I ran up here by
the way I shat it because it B just flew
into my into my face and then you guys
know what would be the most so stepping
down mm-hmm
come to this little walkway and then
BOOM look at that you're like okay cool
some more steps let's walk down these I
think it's called a rock rock villa
Rock side villa I'll find out the name
when we leave because there's a sign so
yeah more steps and look I mean the view
is just phenomenal you ready I'm holding
it down so you walk out here first view
you've got boom boom boom boom so you
walk down here and you ready boom boom
boom boom boom boom boom boom boom that
view
there's no other rooms or anything you
got a lovely decking area down there
some more stairs some beds etc come back
up here in this first room is what they
called the living area so wait for it to
look at imagine having breakfast there
sat there and saw haha that is just
heaven and you got toilet in here I did
use the toilet yeah for a week and it
was very very warm in that toilet
because there wasn't an aircon an aircon
anyone you got a shower here
it's a lovely chic little shower single
bomb area so this is kind of like I said
living chill-out area and then you got
this up here this goes into the bedroom
so we could turn the aircon on in here
because because we're shooting I've got
loads of outfits I'll show you I'm
wearing outfits in this Sun it's very
hot so you can probably see that I am
sweating this is the aircon room /
bedroom oh and here is it's a little bit
messy just because that's my outfit
clothes but yeah so you walk in boom how
insane and of course you've still got
the glorious view going on here and
you've got balcony it goes all the way
around the outside which I'll show you
we've got chilled bed there it's nice
isn't it through here is the bathroom
cheeky wooden bath
our firm think this is a wardrobe area
yeah wardrobe area no you got the hats
of course a bit Vietnamese another
toilet for you to do your business and
then boom you've got doors here of
shower and then you've got doors there
boom straight out onto the other side
imagine imagine yeah on your honeymoon
come and stay here you would just be in
heaven I'll see if I can get the songs
out I'm gonna go in the pool Lynette I
will see if I can show you the crabs
because out here they've got these
massive crabs now so big yeah we I told
you we're not staying in this room by
the way they were just like we're
staying I'll show you where we're
staying
we I'll stay and over there so that's
the whole resort goes round there you
guys want to do some shooting in this or
there's a wasp there's a horse
I'm not joking that how close I can get
something it's there okay anyway I'm
gonna come back around this way yeah
they were like oh you guys want to shoot
in the in this beautiful bit I love all
around we're like oh okay
out of this room
oh the hair cotton and so yeah we were
just say yeah cool that's amazing and
I've kind of been blown away by this
room to be completely honest so yeah and
then planned is still early in the
morning oh that's the wasp one as I
planned for the rest of the day are we
going on a hike in a minute and then we
might do some more filming so yeah just
thought I'd open up by showing you this
ridiculous pad here we go guys the the
hikes begun this is this is Bend you
want to say hi band you can say hi to
the video so here we go maybe step baby
step yeah go people your shoe is right
where so you step on the rock yep yep so
guys the reason it's so wet down here
it's because it rains so much alone it's
wet season so just hiked up here and
then that's the next hike
you know this is just amazing free up
some hi this soft one and the second one
there by that it mean about 15 assists
in one time to the her that her energy
maybe in the future I will experiment
hey guys yeah you can look at that bad
boy
as you can see it's very very hot the
amount I'm sweating sweating is
continuing oh there's the camera I
playing games Matt there is a lot of
mosquitoes following you really great
then so many
Oh fantastic that's my favorite welcome
to the mosquito party yeah alright so
just had lunch and me and Matt have been
talking a while about table tennis like
oh good few months about you know who's
better than who never played and then
the tall guy was like oh you want me to
us we were like what there's table
tennis yeah of course so we had lunch
now playing hey what time is well if we
just found out Matt I've got to blow
okay three games and I've won all three
games lives
21:15 okay
still I'm 25 my lighting is I've lost
the first five points each game normal
last games maybe we'll set this here
sweaty shot
once I found one on top of my game
thanks very way
Oh
you don't have a head in the game
thoughts after the game you played very
very well
oh okay
fauna
