okay guys before I start the vlog let me
Instagram and I just hit 700,000
followers on my Instagram so thank you
so much anyway on with the blog
good morning what's happening what's
going on
welcome to Namibia we're in the fish
river canyon that's a lie
we're on top of the fish river canyon
overlooking it in the midea and we've
stayed two nights in this place cause
the fish river lodge beautiful I will
show you some footage that I shot
yesterday around the area
using this guy I got little Ronin it's
good I like it it's it was very
expensive unfortunately it doesn't fit
the c500 on it but it does for the 1bx
that's a good start the whole thing fits
into my Pelle case but I'm shooting
visual rides and the shot that you get
from it so it's so fun to use the first
Ronin like stabilizer I've ever had
today we're leaving where we're leaving
to you bub we learned you see our visit
campsite oh cool that place is old
Germantown oh my god seen that in
Louie's videos yeah cool so I'm going to
pack up and hit the road but not before
we get a bit of breakfast yeah this is
this is the view see I mean by us being
on top of the columns I don't know how
many of these chalets they are and there
are I think there's only like 20 it's a
beautiful place to come today in the
last two days it's been super windy but
now there's no wind and it's like a
whole nother world it's really cold it's
freezing it's winter here I know
apparently last night went down to about
1 degree see beyond yes there we went
for a cruise we went for a hike all the
way along there to that copy just
africanus the hilltop or a small hill
yeah just like good copy you know I felt
like we might be having drone issues on
this trip generally this just won't
charge up and I can't control the drone
without it you know we do have a new
drone but I need to get on the internet
to register it ok we're finally moving
out goodbye fish river canyon as I'm
sure it's going to be the case for most
of the places we're visiting on this
expedition I highly recommend it this is
the Ronin in the Pelle case heavy yeah
new stickers repping with pride front
runner
I'm on there I love stickers
oh oh okay like it's like okay Mac
that's awesome very nice I like it every
day yeah that's good
yeah that's awesome yeah okay so I
didn't mention it already which we
definitely have all of our gear on this
cars basically frontrunner and it's all
amazing and they sponsored it to us
which is incredible because you know I
would have been buying that anyway
quiver guaiba quiver okay this is a koi
over tree these trees are called a
quiver tree which someone reminded me of
in a comment on my Instagram that I
posted of Anna Colden equivocally
they're beautiful they have this bark on
them which I suppose I mean it's waxy so
it's top evaporation I suppose so they
can hold on to water better didn't
realize they got quite so big wow this
is horribly overexposed as you realize
that whole thing was super overexposed
so I apologize you think the side or the
back I think I'm thinking the back
window or the back across the top bar
what do you say yeah you cheese baby
you're in charge of the country stickers
we've picked a spot the backside window
doesn't get looked in anyway because
they're the kitchen in the way like oh
we can take like four on there
Namibia Botswana Zimbabwe Zambia it
would be much good sticking stickers on
straight to be honest
you did a great job baby one down nine
to go
excess it's not cleaner plane out small
town whatever it is it's clean dual
battery system manual so you switch this
and it puts it back to you the one
battery that was been saving and it
should start
despite the fridge being plugged in the
whole time
perfect little bit chattery but she cold
to sort of self out
I can confirm the new drone is working
nicely we've got about another two hours
of this kind of terrain we're letting it
tyres down like 30 seconds each just to
soften it up a little bit they are quite
hard and we are fully loaded I'd love to
know how much my car actually weighs
right now any defender owners out there
want to take a guess I'm going to see if
I can find a weighing station at some
point yeah I'm also going to do a
one-off video that's less of a blog and
more of me just taking you guys for
anybody who's interested around the car
maybe how those ties looking ready to
rumble
long straight road I think we need a
shot on a very long lens to get that
shimmering heat 200 to 400 maybe you
ready to go yeah we are listening to Joe
Rogan podcast with them Hoff who I think
is German Austrian or certainly European
he's the guy that does the breathing
techniques and controls his chemistry
and his body like his adrenaline and
stuff all their systems in his body that
are such an interesting podcast highly
recommend it if you check it out it's
also on YouTube and Joe Rogan they're
like three hour long podcasts this is
number 865 and so we're listening to
that but we just pulled over because we
saw a little sign for biltong yeah I
think we've got about two hours left of
driving before we get to this town Luger
it's by the way plumber' is behaving so
well that it is a baby what's wrong he
cold it's not that warm you need to
speak to them HOF yeah think about
controlling your body temperature oh
this looks pretty great whoa I think
they're Lambs pretty intense
definitely not going to be able to
monetize this video validation I'll take
some of the game two of us how much you
know that's 130 grams guys look where's
this but whether we going out here this
is where only burn it's a sport it's not
my itself model date but don't you think
it takes time for people and their
opinions to shift when it comes to think
on the same apparently that's a
psychology of their people when Galileo
found out that we are not the center of
the universe but it is the Sun and we
are serving Iraq he was reserves are
almost banned from the in her church and
almost sentence with to get out I think
is very very beautiful which we're
helping in living it you will need a
best view and what else Internet
three German all of the dog oh all right
this is a kollel oh wow
no one would you
Luther it how far how are we having
deliverance I counted like you need me
you out of here my crowd is very to
either comes in a single I thought that
it is the actual ghost now
yeah we have reached our websites for
next to no II don't know looks
interesting
okay a quick update we just did a whole
bunch of work editing I enter to the
blog not the best of vlogs but I don't
I'm just getting back into the swing of
it so bear with me and I've decided this
is and like Kati did a season two season
two we got some firewood with a picnic
basket with loads of food
so I went to the lamp on actually that
lens flare you know we're going to need
all the blankies tonight I am the prime
I stir okay look how cool this is
this place you order what you want has
Bry me and veggies and all sorts of nice
stuff and give it to your basket you got
look I'm salad and cool stuff I think
it's amazing they did it deliver it to a
little hamper buy yourself some Namibian
hardwood so good for Brian and Bob your
mother's brother rarely am i one to say
no to a dessert today is no exception I
said yes to the chocolate dessert and it
showed up like this in a jar how cool is
that Nicole is super jealous because she
didn't order one and I ain't going to
share
yeah welcome to our home for the evening
I love camping and I love my brief
content in front now stickers looking
dope yes I love this guy
look at it all its glory let me just
pumped that I sew up a little veggies
enough I would see you guys in the next
vlog tomorrow we're going to Coleman
Scott and literate someone's cops an old
abandoned town and yeah I'll see you
guys then hmm you know it up meet on
busy
