hi right there buddy yeah choco yeah
right now any morning there it is look
nervously I don't think it seems in
purple anymore affair the old cameras
used to properly zoom in I'll really
zoomed in on the old carriage is to
properly zoom in camera still broke up
like fix the flippin lensing yet so bear
with me but yeah today is really fun me
and Max PT hanging out today and we are
gonna go do a load of fun stuff in
London and some fun activities and stuff
derp derp derp derp derp derp derp derp
derp derp derp dead in his max we're
literally matching um we are both in
black jackets similar matching tops
similar colors all right let's go step
in some of the things we love to do
nothing oh there it is there's the big
old boy Genoa so I've lived in London
for a year now how's the shopping around
but by this
I'm sure with what we find out I've
never been in the shot even though shot
I've never even really explored this
area of London I've got tower bridge
over here pretty famous landmark I feel
like when you live either close to
London or in London's and once you don't
appreciate the city's architecture and
all its famous landmark you just as
everyone in London so busy all time so
yeah this is our first stop we've
decided we're going to go and actually
explore the shard we don't know we're
just going to go to a viewing point or
if we're going to get drink and food or
see what plant we will be vented feel
like we're not more than one all this
comes stuff
I am I try
cross when I'm lucky enough did you not
want to walk all the way around I'm
gonna walk all the way around like
you're supposed to max not taking any
shortcuts we're getting one of these are
public pictures on greenspring ready
let's pose oh please trying to get naked
to the picture right now boys I did Oh
guys I did say I want to learn Spanish
so I was decision espa√±ol yeah but a
mother should i do that just much good
english mandarin hello there i'm in
their brain a lift on our own guys
waiting to shoot up oh really
yes okay you got to jump I know it's
ugly awful in here now playing an
abalone try that when you are there will
be shooting are you telling John Joe oh
you guys doing waiting things with a
little more lift number two one day
someone there yeah what maybe because it
sure isn't it without I think there's a
top point yard boy we have climate some
height
height some speed hey I yeah oh wow
little bit dizzy we're going out that
way oh hello that looks like a very arty
shot there is very calm in someone's way
here we go
but you look at that this feels so real
Vincent you don't feel like I'm in
London no I feel like we're on holiday
and new york yeah now looking it more
likely that is amazing we're fully water
Joker the min-max traveled Australia
together and we went up and I was
terrible to do and up big share town I
thank you to the path that was yours
comes with people from Sydney that's the
really cool powerful in your singing we
were not there together age is going
everything so scared to look over the
edge he's had a hot blue max has got the
fear both fit of its straight yeah Laxus
a perfect job cheers warm at marquette
get your angle boom buddy yep perfect
the look
spawn gone it's out she outside
impressive we've come a little bit
higher on our outside lovely little bit
bit more Miffy
oh it's going to be funny I wanna look y
ou
what's up there this is the highest
point we're allowed to go
this is you too
max is not in a good way he's literally
holding on to all your right eye is it
you're holding onto poles because he is
a video it's all right no worries
apparently there's a loo with a view on
684 we're opening a window using a bit I
just and we against Islam so what you
need any SAP and using it until well
we'll look pull the best buddy all the
best oh look at that there's a loo loo
of you I might have to sit down with one
if I can c math.max oh no hun but oh
yeah max can hear me seeing this same
blinds no way haha love people actually
think people might be spying on you that
is so cool we've been spying city so far
next up is this big old wide boy good
the sky card we're going to try on a
blunt shop there at the top what an
absolute mish this guy has of a job to
put every single flower in that wall
is the size of the queue currently devil
reservations as well so good thinking
and well I live found at a table in this
time space and it actually looks
incredible tablet so for the size these
olives hang on
honestly I'm something love the lives
they have food was so good I didn't even
lock it I completely got my cameras
there okay so i had a little look-see
what was near us where we were he thinks
he does he's coming at school and there
was like this old abandoned church I
don't know much about because we've just
got me but include church of Saint
Dunstan in East stood on this site from
ancient times
it survived like London
five London that well cool so let's go
see what this is about Mendel
I
schedules
so we're taking from this place
and like no other buildings around here
back in the day probably just like we're
off your hands a little bit of rule 2
somewheres and cows horses and people
Michael sorties you're watching too much
game coffee-making skills we
are you going to impress little things
oh how do you that max even said what
did you say the best could be why is
having its light but it is life so now I
needs going to get phone charger phone
dying but I must say genuinely shoes are
so comfortable like
we've been walking around in them for
most of the day and have my little like
cushion padding underneath is very
comfortable so your feet your feet like
everything you've got this little like
squidge every every step that's not a
little cushion padding of course we have
picked up a green juice and next on our
bottle spotless god bless is Tower of
London I've been here once before ages
ago with Holly white randomly to do some
ice skating outside dressed as father
Christmas that's my own experience max
experience when is kid yeah when I was
kidding the crown jewels maybe not sure
wonderful done done done oh look at that
you got a bit the Chardon behind it what
a delightful little view very arty shot
right there our bridge we've we've been
passed Tower of London now we're on to
the Tower Bridge also this phone charger
i got is not working at all turn it on
for 30 seconds it was in a tense
that's not cool Clara Calif it's my time
alright defo there it is macau excited
he is we have got some go kind stories
together we'll have been last time we
went go flying together was my birthday
of that I think my 18th joint with my
sister indoor go karting down him fully
air Brian really fun also been going on
with you in tenerife on our lads trip
and Tenerife and Mac they see nearly
killed someone there's no Vivian
saturation I've got it on the video clip
somewhere as our max basically I tried
to turn any spun out and just crashed in
someone and that person just went
straight to Petra I was fine so you're a
bit of a liability we've arrived I think
we're a little bit earlier and then get
a half for what's the time ten passports
on that and we've just been like roaming
around this area
oh it's for lunch all but I mean to way
through there it's just like we've come
into a zombie place we take them one
ourselves to just walk down this long
corridor and watch a party in place
how it goes upstairs as well to floor
there we go you shut mine was about
looking fresh Oh any thoughts full
rights make sure your hair is always oh
yeah I'm piranha cover the bozo cover
pouch was snowboarding in this focus it
steals this so straight like like a
pencil a bit concerned that it might
only be me and max on this course is
that well what what wait disadvantage
against you now yeah we may provide grip
aerodynamics else thoughts before head
scans they've all been a nice get in the
back
what the races have a warble fully if
they can't know you know that I'm four
of us I don't know if you guys can hear
me I know a massive helmet on what
slices you go for can you hear me can
you hear me oh you kidding around I say
it's on number 3 39 s 17 this is my bad
boy like fruit straight behind Matt all
right brown one done
no ya don't really know how to do it hey
here we go best laughs you can see well
what's that I don't even are many a
tenth of a second is left in his life
I'm par four tenths of a second got two
more of those do
but round two a little bit more round
two is over I was victorious one there
we go what we got here we've got best
lap 27 a five that also puts me on best
of the week number 11 what turn a ledger
you should feel about that pal I saw you
sabotage my car you have a team talk
round three absolutely not good but it's
been good fun me and Matt that's tight
very tight but we have got I got 27 3
and I are you picking off yeah max 27
646 the best of the week and the number
two max our number four what do you know
about that
we are back Oh after an eventful day of
exploring fun activities just general
fun it was really cool to explore areas
of London that have really been to just
kind of known they're there and driven
be doing a meetup and any one of you
guys can come to them not sure how many
people yet but basically if you would
like to be entered into a chance to come
to me up that I'm going to be doing and
I'm not sure on details as of yet they
will be announced very soon cool hair by
the way yeah all you have to do tend to
that is share what you love doing most
using the hash tag cloud foam and that
will enter into the competition that can
be on Twitter Instagram and Facebook I
thing Oh brooding is chopped this barn
it so yeah if you would be interested in
coming to meet up then that's what you
have to do to be put in a chance to do
that Max is leaving to go back home now
I am going to get some dinner and that's
about it so I hope you guys have enjoyed
this video give the video a thumbs up if
you want to see more vlogs tonight I
haven't talked in a while really enjoy
it though so if you want need to do more
blogs that make sure to give the video a
thumbs up and I will see you beautiful
people tomorrow with another video bye
