good morning everybody I am up in my
office this morning I'm having to use
one of my old cameras it's probably
really smeary it is ah that's better
I've been sort of tidying up a little
bit this morning because I've got Lilly
and Amma coming because they are going
to be doing their podcast at home with
and I am guest number ten which is very
exciting I actually listened to their
podcast every Wednesday because I am
such a huge like interior abuse yes so
not only do I really enjoy the
interviews with the people that they've
been to visit but I love that it's in
their homes and that you can like see
little snippets of their home and they
sort of talk a little bit about their
home interiors because I am really into
that so all in all of the air they are
coming round in a couple of hours this
is my vlog camera look at the state of
this
I do need to order anyone but this this
one will do in the meantime this is just
the g7x I've had this for a while it's
just that the focus is not as good so I
think before they come round I really
want to nip the garden center and grab a
few plants I've got so many empty like
plant pots to put plants in them I've
been getting really fucking plants her
go to the plant shop and I'm like for
something like I think in my mind I
think Holt something quite specific but
I don't I don't really know what do you
like my dress by the way
and I actually ordered this to wear to
the gleam festival party but my DPD
driver doesn't knock on the door so he
just left and he took my parcel with him
so I didn't get it and that was like an
hour before we had to leave so this is
what I was gonna wear you know how I can
though I spent quite a lot of yesterday
kind of trying to sort the house out a
little bit because as part of the in as
podcast they take pictures and I'll work
on God
we've still got like this which is like
boxes and paintings and things that we
haven't put away but I did tidy like the
main areas and I'm like really happy
with them we're in the garden centre
looking at plants and Perth we have a
lot in our trolley so many I'm just
looking at all the plant pots and also
trying to Alfa's on the phone trying to
work out which one of these big plants I
want for the office I kind of like this
with other like differently we finish
filming oh wait wipe it recording voice
a weird thing I was doing home inaudible
it was so much fun I can't wait to hear
it
thanks for coming good yeah so you guys
though I I do think it would be harder
to interview yeah I don't know one do it
I don't think I could do what you guys
do sometimes we have a coordinate you
disagree far are you alright are looking
on my punishment we don't great by
incoming fucking so good it is I'm
really excited to hear it wasn't good
and we talked about you a little bit I
also want to do today is also the launch
oh got some here
wow that is really satisfying
just like split into like I'm exploiting
okay I'm not important one now because
it is farting hot but I'm sure I'll be
wearing on for you later oh she's in the
cutest mood today
good morning everybody it is now
Saturday I have a really lovely day
yesterday with Anna and Lydia filming
the podcast we got to catch up it was so
much fun they actually brought me the
most beautiful bunch of flowers let me
show you them
oh hello Nana she's just chillin here
are the flowers aren't they so pretty
they thank you very much girls again for
those today it's a bit of a kind of odd
jobs day really me now he went out this
morning and I have her I got a new
camera yeah I'm so happy I've got a new
g7x mark too so although yesterday my
trusty old camera was fine it was very
slow to focus and I don't know if you
can tell from the quality of yesterday's
footage and today's footage but I
personally think it looks so much better
when we got up I just shoved on one of
our these t-shirts just to kind of like
quickly get out the house like all this
will do I just put this on to go
downstairs technology on all day and I
kind of liked it it looks kind of like a
t-shirt dress so I'm going to leave it
on I like roll the sleeves up and just
left I've got my mess oh my necklaces on
the only difference between this morning
and now is I have a bra on so I don't
look as like I've just jumped out of bed
but I kind of liked it so I'm gonna
leave this on another thing I'm going to
be doing today is just not wearing a
makeup I want to have a makeup free day
which I do always enjoy and I think my
skin always enjoyed it my skins actually
looking a lot better besides this one
here which hasn't actually amounted to
anything and this one here which has
gone now my skin generally
is looking heaps better at the moment
aha you're on your little bird nah
Papi's come in it's probably coming you
never really know where this is looking
I think it's at me you're supposed to
pop you coming over in a minute
and we're going to head to the garden
centre because yesterday as you will
have seen me now if you went and bought
quite a few houseplants because we have
a quite a few little spaces we want to
fill and the dream for me is to just
have a house as houseplants and I'm
doing so well at keeping them alive guys
this house is so much better for plants
than our other house our other house has
much lower ceilings and smaller windows
and it did not have a lot of natural
light at all whereas this house is kind
of the complete opposite so plants seem
to be really enjoying themselves which
makes me very very happy
they look like weird hearts and some of
them I still have down here in a dining
room because I don't know where I'm
going to put them yet but I really liked
them so I got some succulent and this
then this one as well which again is oh
cool oh did you see my knees he just
cracked so badly we did get a huge one
which I put up in my office and I'm so
happy with my office now guys I've
really spent a lot of time trying to get
it sorted and I feel like it almost bear
ignoring the bathroom because this is
where I'm putting all the empty boxes
this is now the meeting room look at
and then I've got like the free
edge I put some pictures on there and
I've got a retro Barbie in here because
you guys know I'm obsessed with old
Barbies this is hog Barbie my little
coffee area is taking shape I've got the
kettle a cafeteria some glasses for like
water and meetings and some teas from
the Bluebird tea company this which was
the teapot that shooting Glenn
kindly gave me and then we've got mugs
cutlery tea bags got chamomile
peppermint leaf and Moroccan mint you
can tell I'm a big fan of mint tea then
just no more like breakfast key this for
autumn which is wild apple and cinnamon
with ginger oh my god I cannot even tell
oh and then yesterday the microwave
arrived so there we go oh because I just
pushed on that bag I smell it and it
smells so good moving swiftly into my
actual office where I will be like
working yeah I'm so happy with it
the rug looks great this plant is also
one that we bought yesterday I have one
similar to this in the dining but it's
like skinnier and longer this is like
bushier shorter it's actually the
perfect height and then my desk we've
got like a plant up there and I bought
this little cactus yesterday from my
garden center which looks so cute and
then this one I've had for a while I
still need to actually put it in that so
take it out of the pot and actually
plant it and then I bought this one from
the garden center so I just need to pop
that one and then over on my PA desk I
bought her this plant which i think is
so cool that the leaves are green on one
side
and purple on the other and they feel
like really soft and I also bought this
plant pop as well which is a really nice
like gray blue so there we go
those were the plant oh and I bought
this little one on the end as well and
then this long one I've had for a while
so I feel like it's all coming together
and I'm really really happy with it I
love it and I was thinking about getting
these deaths made shorter but actually
now that I've started putting everything
on it I quite like that I have space
either side of my laptop and monitor to
do other work so I think I might leave
it like it is
actually that is a sneak peek of my
office
you've already been into the garden
center I'll be I'll be resting dude
we're going to get one over look at a
few stalks and sliders who do you think
is Reggie
a lot of things I got one pack but I
request lots of mine we just watched
minis they're not sold up I will go back
there not me good I feel like these are
someone's favorite is a ton spacer
someone these are their favorite week we
are going back inside is just bought
loads of house fun I think Alfie
actually bought the most yeah I bought
them little cactuses fill my office and
now we're heading for things to go into
the food section because it's really
great
but yeah this garden has really good
have fun look at the law our Park did
you see this one the one with the funny
leaves the point to do alfie is ruining
the display because we're trying to
decide an outside thing you're never
going to be with that huh you are muscle
man yeah that's cute
it's slightly different color wood but
do you think that matters this is kind
of a Victorian just as we're trying to
decide it's a very difficult decision to
be made because this table is bigger
than this table but this comes as a set
so we're trying to decide we've decided
on a classic picnic bench outside table
very happy cm poppy have decided to do a
competition who can grow these best I'm
trying to find Snover it's a tiny little
microgreen all that so you get all you
have to do is add water than a zero one
one
yeah probably and it's got basil
coriander and rocket seeds not that I
like coriander at all the same improves
am genetic thing if you like it or don't
like oh I used to like it but I ate that
suit at that time and really put me off
and we gotta get prepared rah yeah
because look at this I want to grow all
these all these sweet peas she's going
to take a note and then fragrant
oh you maybe jump look I'm having a
competition here in a gravy yeah mum's
got those what these scissors yours yeah
my mum bought them for her for our
birthday audition for Christmas yeah can
we come back in like the autumn and
actually buy ah do you know we should
have done planted pumpkin seeds
I think we've missed it I think they
take quite a while where pumpkin on here
do they have a pumpkin thank you where
oh my god that does not look like
pumpkin when does it say you have to
plant though April to July under glass
to transplant outdoors May to July
outdoors to produce pumpkins in October
we can do it well uh shall we do it yeah
let's great let's get some pumpkins
these don't look like proper pumpkins
though we've been to the veg store and
we've been to the farm shop we're all
good without poppy part and we'll make
knowing just go we are going to get
better people hope you need some food we
need a little bit more food and I think
I'll be best friends going around
tonight he wants alcohol which was my
duty and how he come back to garden
sentence to pick up the change came and
then it got to bake it yeah yeah let's
do this is actually so hot today said
that it was going to be cloudy and a
little bit of Sun turns out it's
literally like being on holiday again I
love this summer
I feel like normally asked them doesn't
not like this I don't ever remember them
being this hots of this long so you have
a good couple yeah Poppy's got really
magic huh about a good couple of weeks
oh my god
so you guys know I love my spread and
bisque off is like the best things that
has ever happened but they have
Maltesers Reese's bounty Twix caramel
and crunchy which has just slipped into
my hand oh my god
also just thought give this baby its
first gift but I can't show you because
it would completely giveaway the gender
and I feel like we probably wants to
reveal that not on my vlog so I can't
show you but it's the cutest little
outfit I've ever seen I don't even care
that it's from fresco because it's
amazing and you
I never realized for me how close you
sing your matrix you're next
the philosophy you're not going to like
what I got my knees affected look how
far back I am compared to you I think
these are three discards I have to drive
oh yeah
so you do like to be nice and snug to
your spirit where I'm at this is your
unpacked shopping and lit what Alfie's
done you know I did yeah I do you did
all of it with me yay we've got a little
picnic table now I love it
are you happy yeah I really like it it's
just going to be so good to have right
nice Eddie on coffee in the morning
every time we want to come as outside to
like eat or to have like a table because
the South is amazing - like lounge but
you can't really focus like almost some
day much you yeah so there's like
chillin but this is like breakfast
yeah I'm loading up my top right cool
it is so nice I might sit out here for a
bit I am crying at The Voice kids oh my
god is so emotional I'm every week it's
on you guys have to watch it it's so
good or they're doing like all the
battles now I think it's because they're
kids it just makes me like way more
emotional if I'm completely honest I
don't watch the voice when it's adults
but I've gotten so into the kids version
because I literally cannot believe the
amount of talent these children have and
they're all so humble and so lovely and
they have absolutely no inhibitions and
they just go for it and I just it's just
so emotional like I can't even deal with
it
this boy is the cutest thing I need to
pull myself together good morning
everybody
it is now Monday and actually I have
already had a meeting this morning I had
a meeting about thug life which is very
exciting we talked about look at this
horse fly oh my god they are so ugly
that we had a meeting about so guys
which is very exciting talked about some
new launches literally cannot believe
how quickly the hoodie sold out I don't
know if I mentioned this on here because
I don't think I was logging on that day
but oh my god the hoodie sold out in
like 27 minutes or something ridiculous
so we are going to be restocking those
soon so we didn't manage to get one this
time then keep your eye out I think you
can put your email in and then we'll
send you an email when they're about to
go live so then you won't miss it but
really up to you or you can just like
set an alarm but we don't have a date
yet but when we do have a date that
they're going to be restocked we will
let you know and now I am like tidying
I've done like the washing up but one
thing that I thought you might want to
join me in is sorting out this cupboard
now since this kitchen is new we're sort
of trying to get used to where to put
things and this is kind of a snack zone
and the cereal zone and the drink alone
there's a lot going on in here this zone
is a lot so I'm trying to organize it so
this is what it looks like now
I ordered loads of Muji storage which
I'm going to unwrap now and I think what
I'm gonna do is put some like well that
might is huge some acrylic storage
inside that so then it has a little bit
more order so I'm basically going to be
organizing my kitchen cupboards which I
know is not everyone's cup of tea but
there is an e shower I'm now waving a
knife at you there is a niche out there
for organizing and decluttering
cupboards
and I for one love it okay now we have
all our clear boxes it is time to make
some order of these cupboards okay so
the first thing I think I'm going to do
is put cereal bars in one and healthy
snacks in another and we've already got
unhealthy chocolate bars in a jar so
that's fine thanks
okay alright let's do this okay I'm
happy with that the only thing I think I
could do with is something to put its
gets in I think I'm going to put biscuit
in this this is a fairly happy jar
although I do have all this you're
probably watching this like so it's not
everyone needs to organize their because
guess what
we're not that unhealthy we don't need a
biscuit jar well let's be honest most
people have biscuit jars is not just me
does anyone have those jars of biscuits
like the Kardashians where you like
proper stack the more I've always
wondered about that because I just feel
like surely they never eat them because
then they would want to restock them so
the ones that have probably been there a
really long time or do they eat more
it's a question I would love an answer
to to be honest oh my God look at this
caterpillar
what the hell look how fast it is okay
biscuit jar number one this is a great
selection of biscuit I'm really happy
with this and I'm going to go and put
these back in the pantry because I mean
the pantry is for food those particular
you want to put them in the cupboard
because they've got the orange lids
which go to the orange arrow which
aesthetically looks quite nice so I'm
going to government these back on the
shelf in other words and there we go
your biscuit next to your teapot
I like that got yay you get me and I did
look in the window girls are lying nice
you know where she is too quiet in there
and we're done as you can see we have a
lot more order to the cupboard now so we
have unhealthy treats some lollies
chocolate bars this is like a real
insight into might this is essentially
the really unhealthy cupboard guide this
is become probably director thought
so Chris some pizza favourite Pringles
some breadsticks some salted pretzels
and then I've stacked like this is like
crisps goals of stats likes of crisps
and care because you can just like grab
them and go instead of trying to like
delve inside of massive pockets we have
Marmite flavour we have some vinegar
flavor and you can tell I really like
mum is then we've got the drinks but at
least now you can see them so I've moved
them from the bottom up to the top and
they're easy to see basically I wanted
to make everything that's covered easy
to access and easy to see everything
otherwise you just don't end up reaching
for it and then in the bottom we've got
cereals I do actually keep a lot of my
cereals in jars but sometimes when the
jars are full I just keep like leftover
so I've got some leftover lucky charms
in the cereal bars box but Coco Pops
this is like half empty this is like
here
so is this one but I don't want to throw
them away and once we start eating from
the jar I can then top them up with bees
got convex crunching up and then these
are the more healthy snacks we've got
some powerful a deliciously Ella Libya's
kitchen bountiful raw gorilla monkeys
like these are like if you want a
healthy snack basically you go to this
you go to this one and then these are
breakfast bars I actually love these and
there we go that is the cupboard
reorganised and this is all the
packaging that I didn't need listen to a
bit mister boombastic I've got ma hello
I'm Sean but I can't show him because
he's got secret things just we were
having it like laptop club time and I
was going through my notebook and I
found all the questions that I asked Jo
and Alfie and a who knows me best Oh No
so I saw this is why Sean you've known
me longer the mark and what's my name
Sean Elliott O'Connor house per se a n o
al li o TT O Connor sure no any oh god
no you have two teeth is it two T's in
any yet yeah yeah okay oh yeah I'm
orange dress though okay question number
one
but one formation noise Oh sugar okay
what's your noise hmm how many Instagram
followers do I currently have oh ten
point I never wait another a quick you
good
TenPoint oh no 11.4 okay then football
asking you to play this - it's not what
were you will everyone Patiala I saw you
had 10 milliwatts two weeks ago how old
was I when I got braces
hellooo 1100 know what is my star sign
Harry
oh very straight away okay wake up yeah
was it say what is my favorite musical I
know what it is a discerner one is
cooled oh I think I do know the sound of
music oh sure in the gill net please
what is the most viewed video on my
Joanna's channel hmm
the videos do an LP the pie in the pie
smash it Oh
incorrect oh my god please may I ask you
to cuddle sir you have to give him a
chance
otherwise oh it's not that woman l see
many ways the Christmas one no it is
with Miranda's a good shall wait what is
the video though isn't it it's not such
a body challenge no touch the time
having body service like a challenge
okay okay last question how many times
did I take my driving test creep Shawn
oh then he was good or it's bad if it's
bad and it's like
step 5 nice
okay time great yay the person who won
with five points to one point my god
hahahahaha I don't want it because you
go in before me I knew the answers I
would call success why I should show you
the bear sound that didn't take too long
to come out my mouth well done guys
I mean you know me very well oh my back
to laptop sir battle of epic this is how
many times did I take my driving test
what how many sons was by second
murderer is that look at what is fine we
were I found the first time because
dinner indicating around about humans
when we went around that round battle
not one even though there was a car come
around because the car had come from
like 12 o'clock but he was out now I
only have to give way to the right and
went back into the right ok nice from
from number 12 yeah you see my older
their answer no it was a very big
roundabout and it was a windy day there
in bad guys the wind 'red cold was my
vision significant
having a little just look around I'm
trying this although I'm going to be
honest I haven't had very things up the
other nice warm just here if I see music
so it's a bit of a gimmick
come on have you have you enjoyed it not
displayed on that one day I'm going to
get me into 12 my all-time favorite that
we do the four inverse will we be
rewarded
that is how much doubt we get me
arrested for this join us as Mark Pig Oh
a wash hey just go Bella I need a good
old wash scrub down I believe you want
to shower more in the hey uh hundred
percent I think I like them how about a
refreshing wash well I'll tell you
something mark we're in the hair shampoo
section so you're going to find what
area you mean AMA Jeremy Jeremy you've
never tried inferior leather oh sorry
you're missing out like everywhere which
scent is bad see minerals or not Sun man
surely we're in the age now where
nothing is for anyone it's for men I
think you guys I want gender in there
which one did you get me this is your
last ache no I thought this is the new
one I don't know what this multi and you
can't test it what you do you can't just
it no you mustn't
I mean we gonna do that now quite liquid
will move you around show them it was
perfect
oh that is lovely I'm gonna have a look
one of them actually I'm Barrera the one
you just wait and you put me the sick
one
yeah I mean it is bewitching black
romantic electric there that sounds
great George I'm up for that
and going to put that in there so I'm
sure they're encased in a album I also
look like cruising right okay
are you okay you're going to drop
something why water plane it do you need
that money
it's pretty good you want to borrow my
bass get rid me of all no Zoe help
when in for a bloody concealer walked
out with a bag of stuff of video we're
now heading in Chains and we just met
the nicest viewer yeah she was so so we
are walk down and mark I want to meet
your friends Olaf Jemima young okay
remember Jack Johnson rodeo would be
nice because some teachers on the
bandstand turns out it's a lot more
windy than we saw I forget that the
beach it's so windy
oh really
be honest I got off the ice as well I
think is watering I think Michael is the
pinnacle crying
I went to the grass commando I've never
been more in the shadows I took so long
an age that was medieval time wait
because it makes it so we've got like
the spiciest thought pepfar do you
really like pop one day I used to hate
it I used to never be able to eat curry
hot olive and now I could just eat
anything hot girl or da radio these
night can burner
we're having our nanos outside cover
mush looks like an ice cream scoop mark
or thug life hoodie on
Hong Kong isn't it I love it
well one beyond nobody can drag me down
nobody what I'm seeing in the background
just the tree banana ah she's on there
we've been messing around on Instagram
story doing everything backwards and
then playing it forward and I just need
to show you some of these this you sit
again
well is that the weird sounds coming off
the house stations always made
I did I did the houses they actually
feel like such and I don't right now
look look at my adult whole newbies
things this is a Joseph Joseph sink aid
self-draining sink tidy yeah
barracks Alabama this is a Joseph Joseph
palm scrub soap dispensing palm brush
yes amazing and then this here with a
lovely gray is it gray blue gray bamboo
washing up brush if that's not boring
adult life I don't know what is I've
also been scrubbing my bin with simple
white I bought a new bin for the
bathroom and had a label on it and it
wouldn't come off and they're not really
coming on bingo and I also got these two
things which you can put hot pans down
on yay what did you get mark your mouth
wash away
oh my god yeah try it no you know I just
want to what you do it I thought you got
a Saturday bar I did but I'm not in the
mood for mint you're always in the mood
for mint yeah yeah we got the fire on
I've got love island about to start
Mark's going to do is T Isis even new
clean the teeth healthy gums confident
preference in 10 seconds so imagine
you're on the dance floor you're on a
night out you've met the love of your
life you need to freshen your breath
we only some
put it on your tongue oh it's quite a
lot okay now our did it dissolve
what so shit in the swallow what if it
madness
how long have to do it for you can't do
this on a dollar for every one thing
you're about to bomb how does the mouth
feel really fresh
show us one more thing in your in your
thing Mark's gonna do a whole I think so
don't give too much away
Oh a little high or ha
I roll her I roll ha roll roll her nose
straight straight
woohoo and then look out for a boots
Hall unlocks channel oh good I also went
nuts in boots
oh geez I got some really good thing oh
I'm excited to you these phones mark
your sign a lot of shower gels I think
you think I stink
I thought only good olive off sometimes
oh my god
yeah you melt what oh I'm just making
happy birthday and toes oh he's got
bigger
