morning everybody its Bank Holiday
Monday and it's ten o'clock I was
actually still quite early we work up
quite early today for a bank holiday but
we're just sorting out some stuff rich
is busy painting the cupboard because
it's this like green MDF stuff it needs
quite a few coats so he's this is doing
that so I can actually put stuff in it
this week when he's at work I'm just
getting ready and then I need to tidy it
up because my office is such a mess like
there's literally stuff everywhere it's
a bit crazy so I'm gonna tidy all of
that up and then I think when I had to
Spitalfields you might do a bit shopping
have some lunch I really want to go to
West Elm it's annoyingly kind of in the
wrong direction but like I haven't been
there in ages and I really want to
spruce up our flat a bit a little bit I
feel like we haven't done anything to it
in quite a while
and it's just a little bit unfinished
and I really wanna get a plant and some
more greenery for the lounge and maybe
look it I might make this wall a gallery
wall so I might start thinking about
that I'm planning that a bit so that's
all that's going on now um I'm gonna
start tidying up I've done all right
with the cleaning up thing rich has done
the first coat paint you have to do
another one tonight this is looking give
it I think it's gonna look really smart
when everything's on it obviously we've
taken the door off I'm gonna put my
tripods and stuff and lights down there
cameras there and then books and stuff
on the shelves getting rid of the IKEA
Alex so rich is gonna put it in the dump
but in a section where people leave
things you can take all these cool
things you can have people if anyone
wants an Ikea Alex with pre-made labels
that say makeup foundation eyeliners
there you go which button over there
I hope someone takes it and enjoys it
I think it looks good with all the other
stuff I mean that ironing board is
definitely competition but I'd say oh I
can't Alex looks very good Rick you made
sure it's empty I'm trying out this
today it's from Sarah Chapman and its
new and it's got like a lip filler
that's loose you were they call it like
a lip base on one side and then a tinted
balm on the other and it doesn't come
out tinted with it like changes on your
lip it's a lip conditioner and I'm quite
enjoying it so far
we're just driving around around spit -
first tryna find some it sparks a bit of
a pain today rich County focusing
realize I'm a koala day yeah we need to
find somewhere voids five minutes of
driving around he's managed to park but
we're not sure for a she allows parts of
it so we might get a parking ticket
it's like a red red zone but banking the
leads confusing
so we're just gonna walk at me
apparently which is called trade it's
just by Spitalfields they do really
yummy lunches so we're going to go
reversing sound in the car it was so so
delicious what did you have scrambled
eggs with avocado no and did they say
they get eggs imported over from India
they get their eggs from Italy and
they're like bright yellow and amazing
and so delicious so definitely go check
it out I think we're now gonna drive
into town I don't know why thank Larry
Monday with miss to be relaxing but I
was like I really ought to go to West oh
I haven't been to West Elm in so long
I really want to get planta so we can
get a little plant or a lounge and one
whole little mooch maybe buy some ice
bars is I just as I said like like a
flattened even feel a little bit so
feeling a bit spendy and I've got really
sore lips so confuse that I don't know
what has happened here I get cold sores
this is like a dry patch I think it's
from Camping's I'm so cold
I should get a planter they didn't have
any of the one I wanted apart from one
and display and the guys and they're so
nice they said they'd let me buy the one
that was under splay they like emptied
it for me so got a planter we're excited
about guys it matches our dining room
tiny genuinely descender any room it
matches our chairs that are in our
kitchen slash lounge and I think it's
gonna look really good I was a little
fast because it's like pretty peony
season and I think now looked really
nice in there and now we're getting at
home base see if we can find a plant
they've come to the sunshine garden
center because this is like one of the
best garden centers I think in London
we're gonna try and buy a plant and also
get some advice on looking after this
plum because I don't want to kill it and
I know I will so we're gonna go in here
and see what we can find
guys this is so exciting ok so this is
the plant sweeter for myself we've been
told what to get so we're getting two
bags of this like cacti desert soil and
then we're getting three mother-in-law
tongues tongues of mother-in-law what
are they called again these are like my
favorite ones this is what I was looking
for so we're gonna plant three of them
in there and they get a grow tool and
lovely and we gonna get one of these for
the shelf and I think we have to name
them this one definitely looks like a
charlie 100% Charlie and it needs one
when you think of a good name that's not
like a mother-in-law Pam Carolyn Sally
hopefully there's like our first child
rich I'm gonna get home and plant them
she said these are the hardest plots
kill for they better be because that was
an absolute fortune a couple guys spent
that much on plants but it'll be in the
background my videos hopefully so it's
an investment it was all propelling
myself through you know children home
from the hospital
look in your head if you're that great
doing a food shop and buying all the
essentials I don't know what these are
but little bars they feel small and they
play time to just go home and see my
lips perfectly lip balm on if my lips
say so before we do anything I'm just
gonna throw the chicken soup on because
then it could just boil and the longer
it falls for the better it tastes it
actually tastes better the next day but
I need to use it tonight so I'm just
like cutting all the veg doing all of
that chickens on the go rich or stuffing
newspaper and our shoes for some reason
and then we can start all our plants and
stuff over there I'm going to get rich
to chop the Swede in half because I will
actually chop my hand off otherwise
please don't chop your hand off on
YouTube the other side's way more
balanced definitely this is the vod's
that I picked up from West stone so it's
like frosted turquoise I absolutely love
it turquoise I took wise I always say it
wrong in and I but that's really nice
and I think we're gonna put the planter
over here where there's awkward spaces
so I'm gonna kind of start setting it up
without Richard know he wants to help
he's currently painting the cupboard and
giving it a second coat so guys this is
what the planter looks like these legs
are separate so this is kind of sitting
on top of hits you have much meat to
lift up now our floor is one thing we
all have to sort that out but I think
it's really nice because it really goes
with the other furniture and our flat um
these are our chairs so it's the same
it's the same style it's like our table
and our chairs and I think it's gonna
look really nice the plant will kind of
just go up the wall where there's like
this awkward space and it's also the
direction I film in so hopefully it'll
show up in the background on my videos
so we're gonna fill this pot with this
stuff that they gave us desert cactus
and bonsai compost and then we're gonna
replant we've bought three to fill this
because it's huge one would have just
looked weird so we've booked for three
and make him just grow up together
effort one bag in and so it Stephanie
not enough I'm gonna put the other one
in as well guys look how exciting this
is and I did it all by myself without
Rich's help I've depotted no repotted I
don't know what the word is
mother-in-law's tongue these are called
we have three now they live in here and
I love it
that was so high pitched
apparently they're gonna grow pretty
tall and I'm excited about it because
it's a small area look stand back a bit
I didn't want them they kind of sprays
out because it would be too much if
you're like walk around the table so
this one just goes quite upright and I
really like it pull out the cactus
family but it's not spikey I've added
all the veg and stuck and stuff to the
soup and now I've just like I need to
turn it down a little bit more it's a
simmering I put the lid on I'm gonna
leave it there for an hour so in the
meantime money myself a little far and
rich is painting the cupboard still it's
doing a good job looking very white man
Richard decides a meal plan this week
because we haven't food shops for about
a month we're just such bad adults I
didn't know how we eat I think sometimes
rich picks things up on the way back
from work and sometimes we get takeaway
and I don't know I feel like a lesson a
meal plan we just don't know what to buy
and we both hate food shopping with a
passion so we are gonna plan our meals
and then order online with the Cardo so
it comes tomorrow night or tomorrow day
and then it's just done so I'm actually
gonna use the lean machines but we're
gonna just use this book this week and
then try something us next week next
week I think I'll soups nearly ready but
I'm just sitting watching Kardashians
and designing our wedding invite
actually because we're designing it with
an illustrator and it's kind of hard
actually if you don't like the typical
things that wedding invites say like I I
hate all the normal wording that they
have so we're just trying to think about
what we really want to write on it and
you have to have like RSVP stuff and is
a little bit complicated so I'm just
kind of going through that now and
thinking about wedding invites good
chicken soup yeah how good out of ten
nine and a half and come on now you've
tried mine you've tried my mum's chicken
soup Wow I need yeah I know definitely
missing them just good thing I'm gonna
end my vlog here because we're just kind
of doing wedding stuff and eating
chicken soup and that's kind of also
thanks for watching today's vlog and
I'll see you guys in my next video
