going to Ikea babe hey babe hey man
we're blogging vlogging what are we
doing today babe - casting casting
auditions are you gonna call it then
IKEA IKEA adventures are you excited
have you been to Ikea together that's
the ultimate like test to see if you're
like be able to get your life together
is going through IKEA together I don't
think we have engaged that's too late
now but we're not actually gonna go
through idea because
well do you want to like go through the
showroom party attack all you like thank
you I was just there like a few days ago
with my mom when she was here and I
picked up a few things you really
there's a worldwide shortage of Louise
freaking foods he has no food boy he has
like a little bit of a bowl left it's
like a small bowl and I'm pretty sure
it'll last him like just today and his
food I ordered it online like chewy or
whatever that website is that like comes
every month
I ordered it yesterday and it doesn't
come till tomorrow so probably afternoon
I don't know I don't know what he's
gonna eat tomorrow my birthday is in
like ten days
it's my golden game and that's what's
that this is what my stepsister sends me
oh I see Alex being cute walking back
from his casting he is so hot
uh yeah be so hot what that I'm so lucky
still hot you are so hot took your shirt
off how'd it go good
addyi lemon we made it to the Holy Land
just kidding thank you we got a good my
second time ever being here again two
chairs for a table yeah just the head
chairs the chairs we're getting two of
them but in white to go like right here
on our table and you guys look at this
chair like like it's pretty cute like
Frankia like this looks like some
expensive stuff and it's only $150 like
also I really love this sink yeah babe
can you get me a drink from the fridge
water yes oh thank you I wanted it in
like a cup these are kind of like the
chairs we bought but these are like
midget chairs cuz IKEA is weird
can you cook me some dinner always first
that thing is actually really cute hand
me the chicken bed freezer no that's not
the frosted oh we didn't do groceries we
didn't dark brushing babe we didn't pay
the water bill either babe did you pay
the water bill
like who you wanted a treat now it's
either on the tree house thing
Waterville tree house why is there
people in our house
strangers in our house
you're so funny you finally like the
smallest things that like you're like
why will you need this far but you
always like I want it you buy one he can
buy one for $100
Sierra I just feel like dancing so I
told her just dance then huh
we now in the warehouse wait that's the
wrong aisle babe what do we got we got
the chairs and we got this basket being
now we're getting a mirror oh we passed
it somewhere here 25 puffit this is it
love it oh they what I don't know the
cute mm bays getting food
oh never mind have you guys ever tried
their cinnamon buns if so are they good
let me know I feel like they don't
compare to they don't look quite excited
Cinnabon or whatever that small place is
got the ice cream now the fun part of
loading it into the car all right
to cache things IKEA and now Ted smart
stop at this one I called like 10 in
total so I'm shocked they have it I
don't believe it when I see it
so we just got home and there was a
bunch of boxes waiting waiting at our
front door because it's our chairs for
our table in the next vlog I'm gonna
show you guys like all of our new
furniture and stuff that we got for our
house also our mirror is gone that was
there because that was my mom and
stepdads mirror and we got a new one
right there that we have to put up for
my slope so it's kind of empty there
right now
oh my god one down seven to go so it is
a lot later and we set a lot of stuff up
I will show you guys in the next vlog
but we kind of failed hanging in this
mirror so yeah but I'm gonna end the
vlog Alex is upstairs vacuuming and we
love you guys we'll see you in our next
vlog
