I've now finished dentist like how many
speed probably because I've got
injections this side injections this
side so I feel like I look a bit like a
clown you know at one time we are
sucking and I kept getting the wrong
gear
and I kept stalling it's awful I was
like tears and if all the cars were
stopping here they're like you're in the
wrong gear he's only gonna see me they
can go in we've got the key sphere
Knight you are good aren't you
look at that face I look so nice I might
have that later
it's so nice behave I love being home
it's very relaxing and the one thing I
always notice is how fresh the air is
lovely and fresh here in Norfolk so we
are about to go to Norwich because we're
gonna go for a little bit of a shop it's
also third base that means late night
shopping in Norwich so we can do that so
we're here for a couple of days and
we've got quite a lot that we're doing
while we're here so we'll make sure we
vlog and then what else have we done
recently beginning of the week while
kind of the end of last week we were
away and it was so nice and we've got
two little clips that will actually
observe because it was such a nice
little weekend we went from boat so we
had drinks and we also went blackberry
picking and we made a pie and it was so
nice so we did that I feel like this
week is a week of no London but it's
nice it's nice to do something that's a
bit different and I make them vlog for
just a bit more interesting for you guys
if I look really strange my head looks
huge it's because I'm just sitting by
the window and it's lovely look at our
garden and it's lovely it's really
really nice so the plants around there
is then look at my dad's golf balls over
net fake rabbits
why is he gone Lisa this used to be our
outdoor filming set up he wasn't going
okay
I'm so happy this is lovely what a
lovely day so my face is kind of it's
not so puffy now but I feel like I can't
really speak properly I feel like I got
a lisp it's not fuck all right I don't
know she loves me he loves me not
is it no he loves me no I don't just
hate yes about right
she's always on it we're alone
we're in the old workplace sandy shoes
River Island in the sail definitely get
some rose I've just been to River Island
and
I'm not shopping noise because the shops
life is nearly always find stuff you
find behind Cheryl now in soup ever
morning everyone so today were filming
the first half of our new get the looks
series maybe I should tell you what we
do maybe I'll get you to guess the look
this is our first little location it's
actually a spare bedroom in our house so
we're going to take some footage in here
because it's raining outside of the
moment so we thought we'd start our
inside shots and then it to the outside
bits later how nice it looks got the
lines going on dad likes to make it look
like a golf course no I
so don't know if you guys have seen this
come in Libya which is actually my Jack
I'm gonna wait tonight but we're gonna
get Harley a little photo of it and mums
done my hair tonight she's blow-dried it
why there's a little ball I feel very
Rihanna from shut up and drive music
video I never wear my hair like this but
I quite like it yours is worse yours
from we should start clothing line
myself look its face
like something like hmm so we are now on
our way to station just walking down and
we have a lovely day lovely evening and
we are now just gonna get the train to
Norwich thank you tonight oh come on
incredible that Isis did you move your
fingers
one of the boys and
laughs wait what
right now
she's gonna come to London come four
nights out the train home because we're
not party girls in Norwich I know yeah
good night to now and we'll see those oh
hi everyone so today it's Sunday and
it's actually quite late actually almost
4 o'clock we are going to be heading to
an park today to see this week's or form
and we're going over mum because we
never go to concerts on them you guys
know how much we love concerts and then
our dad's gonna be really lovely and
pick us up after us everyday get stuck
in traffic you know when you have a good
outfit it's like you'll go - this is my
go-to at the moment and I'm wearing
these earrings from clothes accessories
lucina I did a big trip
it's crazy SRI's yesterday I picked up
these new hoops we're ready to go which
outfit from boots from haven't got my
boots on but they're available so we are
now just walking to the train station
ready to get the train because we've
decided that we're going to get the
train to Norwich today so we're now on
the taxi training think how much this
sleepless us are this is where youth
walked College everyday
now back in the car and it's such a good
night wasn't it oh it's so fun we're
gonna end the vlog now so we will see
you guys tomorrow
Oh Harley so cute he's in the car as
well I know very exciting we've been
trying to like tease things on Twitter
basically today we're seeing Sophia
Carson and meeting Kenny Ortega and the
cast of Disney descendants when
whatever's off if you guys know as well
today we're going on a posture I'm
London with the Disney ascendants cast
and then we're doing a dogs cast of
Kenny Ortega wow that's like you all
like life guard life goal slash dream
also I'm treating this it's like a
casting call I'm gonna plow all the
leaves because I would apply to the
extended studies but I'll gonna try and
impress Kenny Ortega today and then
we've got a screening of the film so
today it's like did the D Vania I love
it we'll catch up you guys when we got
on the bus I think it's gonna be cold I
didn't really think about what I was
wearing so I'm wearing this jumper from
lazy ov and it looks very easy I do
actually planner I saw it online and I
thought it was really nice and then I
brought this girl and I thought the
jumper looked really cute with it but
it's kind of perfect for Evie and Disney
descendants so I thought we might get to
see the film yeah because I loved the
last Easter sentence and you guys know
how much we love it but also we've been
tweeting non-stop about it today is
finally the day where we get to see it
perfect
that's growing up the coolest car ever
mirror
we love it
I'm just kidding when I was watching him
because I wanted to get off the dancers
incredible and it was so nice seeing
Sophia again Oh Sophia she's one of
these so nice and also let us know if
you want to see us to her get the look
for continued sentence yes maybe like
now on Evie's looks Halloween I'll be
really really cool
can I speak boo boo and yes is well I'm
Kenny I just picked this we don't dance
fast today with the Kenny Ortega is
behind High School Musical dancing
Michael Jack everything here's a time
round and we got to do a dance class
with him is teaching us know yeah when
I'm end the vlog so we all see you very
soon and if you like me flogging last
night when we next vlog we may be
somewhere different or going to
somewhere different and you for country
maybe and we'll see nice I soon bye
