good morning from well not as sunny as I
was hoping la but don't worry because
I'm going to change that because I'm in
a nice bright top which means I'm gonna
bring the Sun to LA but I have something
so Jen you're ruining the vibes of
summer and I'm going to be behind the
who are going to be going down the
slides I have no idea this is happening
I think they they're going into their
office today as it's a normal day and I
think that they're meeting with their
boss some kind of like review on on how
they've been doing in their job but
yeah we're going to be going with my
nice orange top brings summer along with
me so we're now walking along from Santa
Monica to Venice we decided to walk
because we have some time whilst
everything's being set up and ready what
everyone's going to get prepped
I should you really forgot my sunglasses
and as the moment is cloudy but you know
when you can just feel the sun's from a
breakthrough that's what it is right now
and guys I've really sensitive eyes yeah
so I can't really deal in this light and
I left my sunglasses in my hotel room to
the mission right now is to find some
losses yeah we're just making our way
down the boardwalk found smack and it's
possibly very strange collection we've
got Nutella with broccoli and carrots
interesting but I'm not that selfish
through here we're all the workers on
and then prank number was already going
on quite Aventine I'm waiting stuff
right then our lovely time a big scary
man protecting that all right now if he
doesn't ask you out there's no one here
knows slider slider bill them because
the fear comes what is obviously a
possibility sighs I know I did so
they're like I'm Way too tight it's way
more than everyone else going to be like
look here imagine that you're going to
work and then you slide up boxes window
so cool it with step on the plans and
there are the lifeguard hi lifeguard Hey
so remember this is an office yeah an
office by bit isn't normally here it has
been turned into here's the DJ love in
those but yeah oh I mean we're still
waiting because of some Sun is going to
come and here is the magic slide Oh
another lifeguard hi lifeguards number
two so this is all been custom made
crazy slide look at that
I feel like a little kid being excited
out of slide but there is adults who
don't work going to their bosses face
boss who's an actor and then they're
just being told to jump out of the
window onto that imagine that in their
car in their clothes as well in their
office fall
and they come down they I want to fear
that it's got warm so expecting but I am
going to come down this later and test
out
and if I die live God's going to save me
she loves being filmed and then this is
the octopi t-50 so this man with a
Malibu towel from them looks a little
bit wet has definitely just taken the
plunge down the slide and he's now
celebrating with sandy feet because
we're on a beach and so drink in attempt
well done you you accept as a challenge
areas hello hey we'll be back to party
soon she is loving it now here he is
he's late you miss we've all been down
the slide look at ya
I checked humid you're rockin my arm and
all sunglasses and very very in handle
for the wall guys working his sunglasses
ha ha I firmly glasses what the
behind-the-scenes of a party that size
because the camera crew survived a now
in the DJ booth having the time analyze
good vibes life God still love Anna
Hazare in Malibu
have a drink yes the x can't wait our
drinks are from me
firstly whoever the set designer as well
to make things like the Karl Popper
coming into wallet I can actually be 12
amazing job you've even got them this
looks amazing
this sand was not here gourmet there's
the slide god so it's only the pie
speaker throw in the behind well ordered
serious how lovely my swimming shorts
are very fitting to my orange we're out
there down sight actually no we're not
before we went outside we're going to go
much behind cleans what's actually going
on
so get ready see some scared people are
you ready for the slide am I ever
I love the slide I'm so excited wait you
said scared people
let me change myself I'm very scared
about all right guys the biggest moment
of the day it's not happen I'm about to
go down there so I'm Hannah my camera
over you ready
no messing up pressure alright we've
switched to the phone you know
waterproof and all that I'm going to
film this angle from hairlike and the
secret office this was another thing oh
this is the fate office was one of the
means that and that's where I got asked
to come alone know which we're about to
smell so new in here a lover if the
carpet is carpet smell that is solid
carpet smell and plant three-prong
saturate all right the who's Bert not me
I'm Lisa I'm gonna second hello Blair Oh
Dale giving us up on hey I keep it what
everyone else did so I want to go
through their experience of like wet
clothes I'm just following you so okay
they don't even overhead hi guys
editor on this camera oh whoa oh oh that
was an entrance your everyone where ha
ha
all right next up to me cameras rolling
there we go I'm scared I'm gonna drop my
phone alright we're gonna get there to
run up oh my god upon most biggest
wedgie phone fine tsubame i love these
reggie i ran up the top nigga man
pioneer of cortisol is gonna be amazing
my behind the thing
yeah that's not as cold as my solution
nobody read on polio now feel like
welcome to the ball slide it out my hair
look sick fuck go drink oh yeah
oh yeah hi still going on and there we
go just like that back in my hotel room
I definitely think the people at work
tell that today it going to be the best
from an airline we hope you enjoyed
today's vlog if you did make sure to
you tomorrow with another video good bye
