good morning everybody how we doing we
got back from a vlogging channel salmon
yeah all right look don't want everyone
how we doing welcome back to the old
urban culture I'm gonna eat yelling look
up for you at any one day just one up
from wrong so today is a busy day for me
because I because we just had a viewing
at this flat because as you know we're
leaving I've got another flat why
haven't moved into it yet because I have
no furniture so today I'm going to get
that furniture so I'm going to Ikea I'm
getting annoyed because it's completely
empty flat I don't know why I want it
now how I want it to look but like I'm
going to Ikea today but I can't find
anyone to go with me which is annoying
so I want to go I want to go with
someone because I know I'm going to
forget loads of stuff which is an ideal
I makes me back a 4 o'clock film of Joe
not gonna line Joe just tried to call
you but I don't think that's going to
happen because it's like midday now and
how many min left and it's a little very
stressful day basically that's it I've
got going to find everything that I want
to have in my flat but I don't know what
I want to what cause I want lean grades
and start colours it's going to be nice
and homey and warm right yeah I don't
know what the body I need to get it's
very hard moving I never realized that
cuz I'm am I am living on my own man
common knowledge together normal so yeah
I'm gonna go to Ikea now and try and get
everything I just know it's not going to
work this is really hard I need to come
with me damn it
everyone help me
I look fucking summitry today bro I look
fucking summary today man
you'd think it was fucking all this but
now I've got the long drive to Ikea on
my Larry but still no one is answering
their focus judge did you ever inside ok
so weird I just like to walk down to the
car parked at a car don't see is what
moments right here subsea corner just
moved it boom and we're in they don't
make their imagine soul and just popped
out holy shit now I be into me I'll be
gone gone forever right
IKEA common view let's go ok what guys
it's like the busiest car park in the
world but you know I don't fuck around
come out
I bought the park suppose Ronix the
engine yeah baby
folks just money safe horsemen finally
got everything in here mostly sofa
summer some art over there my TV and
them CA you know it's pretty spacious
legislation I'm only kidding I mean I
care
and I'm struggling so I did a lap of
like here on my own and got absolutely
nothing because I don't know what I'm
doing or what I'm getting so I'm waiting
someone's come and help me
because like I said yeah I don't know
what I'm doing what I'm following what I
need I don't have to survive on my own
and we can't hear by the internal clean
for them and then boo I'll get the lot
but right now I don't have I don't have
the slightest clue moving is hard I'm
now trying to regret getting somewhere
that has no furniture or anything it's
just a big old empty flat and I'm in it
on my own so yeah I need some help
I've called for help my manager is
coming to help me I've got this in so
destroy everyone what have I done guys
get a load of this it's happening I was
alone I meant trolley then I get help
and boom it it's that it's at least act
you know I think I've got a nice little
peopling shares and all this kind of I'm
getting I'm getting I'm going places I'm
going places I'm getting much closer and
my bed and stuff happened somewhere else
I'm not going out I'm like here but you
know it's actually it's very heavy
though I don't having to get it all in
my car with us but we're trying hey hey
so if we're not giving you okay guys
this is becoming a game of Tetris now I
have a hunger said run out place nothing
else to sit on cover this everybody's
know I'm running like it as well now but
look a motherfucking trolley dear god
help me but this is a joke
well how how am I going to pull this
together this is the thing I'm getting
all of this which is great how am I
going to meet how am I going to make it
all sing
it is stressful so this is out from
oh my god all of my done I'm going to
get this in the car and then I have to
get it all upstairs and true so this is
it guys this is the task and it all that
that baton that it's all getting this
how'd it happen
find out in one sec so guys this is the
outcome have we done it all earn no he
hasn't
so I've had to call uber Excel now to
put all that stuff in and complete and
then imma have to take this home myself
which is great this is so difficult like
we were very ambitious but didn't work
out this may be I would say former
fuckin a liaison to the wrestling no so
the Russian gas run an uber and meet me
at the flat I'm going to take it all up
seemed a fucking nightmare guys so I've
done it all I just decided to leave all
the stuff in my car because I can't
afford to take it all up there it
literally wait
fucking come your thanks to the uber man
your weights off to and I'm also waiting
to finish filming with my case haha and
Joe and then Mikey's gonna help me if I
win this no if you buy me dinner
we're going to know after I know God
said enough play great hahaha
so yeah I decided to leave just as he
everything in my car and then I'm going
to take up our food filmed something
with Mikey and Joe so and I just didn't
believe in God
I just came straight from where I was
and Michigan out folks unless I'm out of
love I'm so I'm very cool to say what
you're out by doing and it's just wrong
yeah really nice to meet haha my
favorite line friend
yeah so it gets iggins back like yeah I
didn't I didn't bring any like stuff to
get wet which I should have I should be
wearing that all the time so Joe's got
me living Guinness on Walkman on
and some of the modes are ranked short
I've ever seen the billabong from or
you've got some serious lighting South
Pier Avenue I know when you study in
this raw video is much on the right hand
side over mm-hmm right so we're all
playing serious license
yeah no cool I just forget them angles
right or it's game over what cousin I
caught him right well yeah I better get
changed the third week so I'm like you
give us a Mike you give us the older I'm
at this pose Mike this receives the LG
same the sequel green cool gross oh my
god you like really sexy picture like
sitting on this edge or I do with
Halloween try get one of those casual
jackals over well so just finished
filming Joe's video
I'm absolutely drenched and out-of-focus
this camera so I'm absolutely drenched
I'm fucking freezing
it was really good I mean we made a
complete mess of this flash or pretty
bad thing whatever might be here on the
stairs and I wasn't running oh you're
doing but I have to have any boxes or
anything so I gleaming clothes away Mike
yet absolutely nothing Mikey's worrying
is any dry clothes which of course it's
a leather jacket be in Foggia
in the zone well firstly oh yeah oh yeah
look I read a lot I think Oh
that's if it's have been met Cody on who
says I have no idea that they were even
ran my house yeah time we're going to do
now I have loads of stuff in my card I
need to unload and I need to go to
dinner and I mean I've had very a person
in the world who so they don't see me
I'll be dry but you won't be loads of
you and always Odin welcome good Mikey
you know Jackie there's a roller shore
top of it roll the shorts up so you can
handle it oh yeah you really get it
rolling like that is pretty sick yeah
this is this is what happens but we say
we're going to you know get ready and go
for dinner but instead we distress Mikey
up and laughing I don't know really
should we go soon I'm choosing another
later oh yeah I just want to know I need
to move stuff from my car up to my flat
all night he's so hot just oh yeah he's
definitely my and I finally run into a
Hearton cricket
traditionally often just like that Mike
let Mikey describe later a lot oh
there's a gate that I really debated
school isolette all season long time
okay put him up against the wall pretty
much their favorite stuff
awesome you know the front already in
value you just think it about you
secretly like a hundred percent well
that what you're wearing now okay high
school Australia funky brush I mean
explain your logic behind a message okay
when I throw them that were tisha
mcholland things if we're just looking
on day carell jim carrey that I was just
trying to mop up the water with a
blunder issue paper cutting yeah I know
but I want what I know put it back in
yeah yeah one sheep suppose your life
should be so once the edge of the pocket
is like it oh my no other things like
mubarat water is there yeah probably I
really do think Oh dripping or that I
meet back run oh yeah one of the poor
and home yeah right although mucking it
up money one and one no person's
tripping over yeah happening it is
happening I mean my list my hair how
curly is in the video cuz it was wet but
I'm in the list now all this stuff the
shine goes in the flip fuck
so we did it switch thanks to Mikey
Berlin it got most of the stuff well
everything I bought today is in which is
good this we also just go with my sofa
and all the stuff my bedroom and some
other bits for office like when i
filming space type thing then I can
refocus and get to work
but yeah that's we've done so hopefully
I'll have been I'll have moved in
properly within the next week hopefully
I'm aiming for like the next week I
probably won't have a sofa in that time
but I'll have British everything else
which is great which is it should be
perfect so yeah anyway some pretty
something hungry might want you so I've
chosen to so we've made it or out for
dinner
oh crap blouse which are surrounding you
like a skater boy lifestyle view like
you from Cornwall well from Cornwall the
surfer well I feel like a factor again
from you yeah we just come out for
dinner because if it says oh my god it's
raining and playing my I already okay
what time I thought my cameras focus is
broken or something I don't know we're
setting I was gonna go behind me yeah so
always and she that's honest it there
now it's like when we watch her so Mike
you like the view behind model sudden
fewer safety I serve again and sister
hey gang just a ten-mile run okay
well I'm a nicely run far dive into
these bad boys and oh my god my mouth is
I'm bloody fire mark or really nicely
know they're actually just so hot
temperature-wise if we don't let it be
sprinkled over by the beam yeah you're
right but it a little bit like Madonna
he's not even though you don't hate okay
let it out behind us three pretty good
for a more subtle gesture day so there's
some really laughs those are my folks
against my chakra you know I
it looks like you're walking up Mikey
laughs yeah guys that is really hot dogs
behind you I get them no I can't they're
going to see again same up this nothing
they already forgot yeah
what shows we'll see and I think they're
already looking up because they know who
my kids and they're getting definitely
here are suffering about them I'm
giggling like little girls I've made a
right mess over here you think I'm like
God Mikey okay what it was he's frozen
one is closing the bingo droid it's like
I'm actually like we've got more
cinnamon coming he'll make it all go
down in one
stop good day near the pork-belly see
you food is finally here a lot of time I
was going to have a moan but Jo told me
to leave it out way now it's already
considering noodle and noodle people
need to go you yeah yeah I've gone for
this like chicken stuff becomes like
rationally it's really really weird
are you sure you think it's AI on it
seems to be all that was glass Joe
that's what you go off Mikey just
completely cover my melon from like
fried rice and
and chicken I need to really really
Rises milk
Mikey why you in such a rush to go where
it's under rushing commercially Glover
in a restaurant why you're such a rush
to eat gloves and hat why you're such a
rubber gloves basically Mikey needs
smoking is what you need to to know
something like you need to prove what
should be it doesn't always stop it I'm
leavin you're embarrassing me boomer I'm
home um back it's quite late it's like
11 o'clock that was quite a late a late
long dinner fast boys from here I've
made it I'm live
that's all what's a couple by actually
quite a few things to do not need to
just do some stuff for my flat and yeah
these are a few things for my flat need
to order some last bit so they come for
like Monday Tuesday and then boom I'm it
I'm not properly in I'm so so so excited
to get over that done finally and we
come here crazy time I mean pretty crazy
time need to call George so what some DJ
stuffs I need to talk out them also guys
let me know really sort of our latest um
mix you know how it is I don't hear that
noise it's got a message on tinder well
we had a good time if you're new
subscribe like comment now see y'all
tomorrow gold medal then my role models
growing old models like old school long
and cold
