gosh look at my eyebrows good morning
everyone my hair is still really curly
from yesterday's shoot but today is all
about Halloween we are getting into
makeup about 3 o'clock we've got the
amazing makeup artist anilingus coming
to do our makeup because we're going to
the gleam as darkness falls party we
went last year and I did not have the
opportunity to enjoy it as much because
I hadn't really slept and I had so much
work to do so I literally just didn't
get to enjoy it but today is going to be
different and you're going to get to see
my entire look me get ready and then I'm
going to take you and show you a little
bit of the party as well which is going
to be really fun there's going to be
loads of people that you already know
there and which is really exciting for
me to be going and but yeah so I'm going
to start off by doing my skincare
routine for the day and then I'm going
to do my makeup as well these are the
skincare products that I'm going to use
on my face today because I really want
to make sure that I've got a deep clean
so that I'm not going to be clogged with
makeup are today so I'll do this
afterwards as well I'm going to start
bought a pizza I hope you've enjoyed
don't feel like I'm very good at these
so it's why I don't do them often so if
you liked it let me know leave me
this vlog and if you did please give it
because this is quite a special event
tonight I am definitely going to be
using this and then I go in with the
road you'll I tend to usually go for
started and has just arrived and she's
setting up all of her amazing makeup and
so yeah I've got like my comfort blanket
on cuz obviously I always have these
slick on my eyes and added like
understands so yeah I'm going to get in
the chair and I'm starting my makeup and
then you can see the finishes are the
kind of girl that you could be double
where I look at you up there somethin
tell me there you're the kind of God I
should make a move
we don't either he got someone to get it
I finished my costume is all purple and
white I'm going to get Ally to take back
to shop for it for when he's finished
Dublin for a bit 20 feet so Ali and I
are in the taxi now we've just got into
London we're about 15 minutes away from
the venue and I'm so excited I've had a
good night's sleep this year and I've
had it's really good nicely this year
and I love my costume and the feedback
on Instagram and Twitter has been in
saying you guys seem to really love it
too so yeah just can't wait to get there
and have a drink and
yeah
we finished up at the gleam party and
I'm so so tired and it looks like my
more vlogs then let me know because I
a thumbs up and if you'd like to see
as your hand he's holding the torch so I
amazing night and I don't think it would
god
like literally I love it so much but now
I've gotta get in the shower because we
