oh god what I found put a mullet oh
hello so it's the start of another vlog
it is some day and it's a bit of a
special day today because we're actually
going to an engagement party not just
any engagement party we're actually
going to see a live proposal it's live
she's getting engaged and she doesn't
know it and we know that she doesn't
know so yeah quite a unique experience
this is coming along there she is
and I thought we would be nice to
document the bit beforehand so we're you
know all dolled up she's none the wiser
we're going to go to a new place which
is you know now in a bit away a bit of a
trek we don't often make this journey as
she said but we are willing to do it for
this very special occasion so only this
occasion no other occasion so yeah we're
going to call the reason like we know
she is Oh Oh should we get the body out
the fetchers are going to do yes we do
that respect I'm in the face we're going
to bring that with us and yeah we're
gonna watch someone to engage
because everyone care of the atrium to
the crowd massage apparently gala dream
see they're going to be capturing the
surprise proposal which I work out like
and how to do this
so it is Wednesday and what I have to
say yeah it's been a few days of I love
slobs obviously you saw the proposal and
it went amazingly but Liv was still in
shock like I was expecting her to cry
immediately but she was just completely
in shock I wasn't expecting it yeah I
was a really nice way to spend a Sunday
so now it's Wednesday I'm going to go to
my new co-working space I found a
temporary place in central London it's a
bit more central which is good and
they've done a special deal which is
also good I'm going there to give myself
a little bit structure and then I've got
a few events as afternoon so I've got
this ring making event something she's
wine and jewelry making so yeah that's I
should be pretty cool I've got a Travel
blogging event later on about the
Philippines and you know I'm excited
because I don't know much about the
Philippines I really like to learn more
and cutting in between
I might go to Brixton because I don't
to you know give my hair a bit more
volume because at the moment is it's a
bit shrunken I'm a bit paranoid
maybe the issues that I haven't really
stretched it enough I try to stretch it
without heat but I'm getting a bit bored
so yeah I don't know I might just go and
see what clip in extensions alike and
my boy um because I just fancy adding a
bit more volume and you know being able
to tie up when I just can't be bothered
so I think I'm going to try and pop them
in between hopefully I'll have time I've
got party tomorrow and black ballad
party tomorrow and then shout out lies
on Saturday which is a podcast festival
so one of the I want my hair to look
nice but and now I need to get my hair
down for my birthday but I don't want to
get it done now because I want it to
look nice my birthday so it's just so
much forward planning and I still don't
know what hair I want for my birthday I
don't know whether to get crochet braids
even though I've never had them before
and I don't have to look after them or
something that I've looked after before
so still still like a bit indecisive
about that
and making it into a bigger deal than it
probably is but you know that is just me
yeah let's take it in to London
the surviving
a matter of Utah's Irish home
it made around the washing and of the
total talk and then the model terms are
quite now hold up
so then what better a little better as
that people in Texas these are my types
of accessories and my ring or rapidly
increasing so yeah really exciting your
soul & alove Rizzo a travel to tackle a
oh wow a well-known hi creatures
knocking over next Locker Navy oh oh
I think the dream actually I'm going to
be comfy inside okay
usually when we work with a brand or a
destination something they constantly
telling us is that sort of push the
drinking too much and I don't tell
people is that I've always been kind of
fun
and when we went to meet the 15m bethey
they said can we do a big Italian
competition very funny people we like
working with the worst weather ever my
hair is the painful event and anything
else a bit so now it's going to head
home because my name's Robin suburban
ivy and I and knowledge might start
reading so like furnaces laundry
open them all now and then you'll see
all your disinvited and live your vomit
just keep untangle until your texture of
hair basically my new hair is in this
bag I want out of the zero drama queen
and apparently this is enough to give my
hair a bit of a booth and I got a look
like Explorer so you're pretty seen on
the blob train is our hopefully
succeeded
just get distracted by this coulis
inside actions on the hallway I found
there I found her and I'm really really
early get started I think I got nails
man select our answer because we were
under nails the clutch life subscribers
I found that later but we luckily have
an equality of intense work growth has
been free no charge
you have pretty bad at the end and
forgive me I'm just a baby
summer party that's why people comment
and the tree internal power
I
Oh
leave any sofa I had a lot of respect oh
yeah we're being sick now I had a very
kind of great time fabulous feeling kind
of salad boy glasses been here you
should have been here because an end of
law school today
okay you more or the day after whatever
I know so is Saturday I'm going to
untwist my hair I'm just done my makeup
I'm going to try and do you know the
Pharaoh I'm going to try any lecture
pins as well so we'll see how that goes
I think the last hours logged was
Thursday so I went to really cool event
the black ballad summer party and yet
but ballad is a really cool online
magazine for black women and it's
definitely needed because I find I mean
even speaking to my friend who runs it
Toby she will pitch articles to
magazines and whatnot that the only ones
that get picked up I like race related
ones or something has happened you know
something it was like flags off
Beyonce's pregnancy those you'll get
commissioned to write about that but if
she just wants to write about getting
married or you know something else then
that doesn't tend to get commissioned so
benjamina I'm a gonna work from
advertising I met some journalism
students and they're you know some
really interesting people with really
interesting stories and perspective so
it's great that she's able to facilitate
this and bring us all together because
sometimes when you grow up in you know
really non diverse places it's hard to
find your network and she's been able to
create that stuff they're really cool so
what else has been going on has been a
bit of control
z about the bloggers blog Awards not
being very diverse and so it's you know
I was a seed in a few tweets by grace
because I know grace picked up on it
quite early I was out I was out for one
something on my phone watching it all
happens oh yeah I mean I just think I
mean I'm never like aghast when these
things happen because I always think
let's let's go back let's go back like
this is the result let's figure out how
we got to this results I think we need
to look at like what award ceremonies
like do we need award ceremonies because
it's very tricky when you start a blog
like a personal blog and you do it and
it's democracia you can do whatever you
want and then you get pitted against
other people you know the whole point of
some people creating blogs because they
didn't see themselves represented when
it gets put into a traditional awards
context I find that the traditional
biases can come into play and is it fair
to be putting these picking these blocks
against each other like what is the
measure of a good blog but that's not
another question but I think we just you
know if they look at the people voting
for these awards who are very reading
why are they reading these blogs I just
think there's like a series of different
issues and I think people need to look
at their own biases and I see some
places by says Isis Isis I don't make
any sense but if you know I think if you
are white you need to look at the
bloggers reading you could read a blog
by someone who looks different to you
even if it's a beauty blog you know you
can you can learn things I read blogs
blogs from everybody every race every
color and I took us on other things you
know I may not get the exact same I mean
you think I'll like them by this
foundation color obviously but I might
learn about a different kind of product
or a way to apply a product or something
I don't think this is as coherent as I
would have liked it to have been but I
know there are some people that grow up
you know my friends some of my friends
they maybe unlike the first black person
they ever met and they may have had
certain
sections that based on what they seen in
the media like which is nothing
basically I think there's so many
different issues that can result in that
sort of awards list or list of whoever
nominees and I think that's the thing
that we need to discuss and understand
and you know ultimately improve yeah
there's some really interesting articles
I'll put them down below one is about
the use of digital blackface so the fact
that black people always been using
means but we're not being you know put
into campaigns you know the YSL campaign
came out and there's like one darker
foundation amongst like a sea of beige
so yeah that was a really interesting
article I'll leave links down below to
I've been reading and I also put
everything into my dedicated race
Pinterest board I'll leave those for you
I think I might still trying to clip in
yeah the last time I know clippings my
hair is relaxed and I got really damaged
so I would always be skeptical about
getting more clippings I don't want to
live in my everyday I just want the
little styling options you know
sometimes when the shrinkage is real so
this is everything that's very different
to what my hair looks like that you know
so we've got one big flip so they're
sort of saying is this is kind of how it
looks and then you're meant to just
brush it out and then once it's brushed
out you don't get these curls back so
okay so we're getting a bit more of an
afro texture now so I'm going to pop my
hair got the memories the memories whoo
sorry oh wow oh god what a fun pop
mullet oh oh this is a little bit
surreal I don't know if I've done this
right maybe I need to do a bit higher I
feel like I've got I'm on it I thought
it was gonna be easy
it's given me a lil bit of volume it is
kind of like sculpture in a way and I
don't think I'd prepared enough time to
create the sculpture so yeah and I
denote the back maybe I should have done
with maybe slightly shorter lengths
because I just wanted it to kind of
mimic my own hemant yeah I think I'm
kind of there I put in two short pieces
and then like a medium sized piece in
the back well yeah I think it's going to
be quite you know exciting to have
guaranteed volume and I'll probably feel
a little bit more like my face is you
know framed so yeah I think I'm almost
ready to head out as I said I'm going to
Pandora vent it's a summer picnic which
is outside it keeps you know raining on
and off so that will be interesting and
then I'm going to shout out live which
is a podcast festival for people of
color
so there's melanin melanin millenials
another round
they've come over and a few other ones
if you have a podcast so hopefully won't
be too late oh my god it's twenty plus
one I better go I check the back of my
hair one more time and hopefully I'll be
ready to go so I'm here for Pandora
summer policy and I guess you know perms
they put on things throughout the year
so this seems to be like a blogger and
VIP customer event and they've taken
over square in regions parks it's one of
those Gardens that you can't normally
come into my most currently the queen
poster party here
that's quite nice and yeah a stocked up
on gin and food though all good that's
now raining super cool I'm going to hit
chart lighthouse basically indoor
the hours how does it miss too much but
you know Lisa hammer Jim Padma ginseng
so good chiropractor as become smaller
and my time to speak up here never work
the rapport with HR Roger Bob where we
lagged you're right happens no matter
how hard I tried I couldn't do it if
someone was asking me for like the 15
times in the workplace like watching
what's that on your head back into that
what you call that scar on my head
I had a she was that you have been
indoctrinated by a manner of thinking
that clarifies not all and only fuck
it's not fun it's not fun so stop trying
it and having two leaders in the hole to
help you feel better
that's wrong you should have known yeah
hello I'm back home now and blending in
with my kitchens so again that was a
really good day at the Pandora then and
then shout out live I just love podcast
like I love getting absorbed and you
know listening to the debate and then
when you get to watch them live there's
just such a great atmosphere and yeah
it's just a really fun way to spend a
Saturday and it's the only Festival why
I ended up going to this year I think
it's a really good idea and I hope you
know that the network succeeds because I
feel like they're doing great things
the showers Network my top comment goes
to Champaign twist
she also like waded in and defended me
because someone said something about my
vlog so you know I love I welcome
constructive criticisms but we
someone says there's too much talking in
your vlog it's a vlog of vlog video blog
vlog bit weird when criticism to mix and
no sense whatsoever but thank you
champagne twist for being really nice
and supportive so yeah that's the end of
my vlog for this week I hope you've
enjoyed it I don't know I'm gonna have
another vlog in my 20s
woo I'm 30 in less than two weeks which
is going to be lit thank you as always
for watching
it'd be great if you could subscribe
leave a comment thumbs up all that jazz
and I will see you very very soon and
then we've got the chicken wing I just
added in the wings and yet the bigger
project could be as embarrassed as green
I'm not I don't oh no you can come oh
don't you take particular
