hi everyone and welcome to you a day in
my life this is a day with baby rather
than the work day I do work everyday or
try to work every day but I have a
ninety two days a week so if you want me
to film an actual work day then just let
me know in the comments below and I
shall get that done
I live with a housecat called mr. Baier
a cockapoo called Dexter a husband a
baby and a baby on the way and if you
didn't know about that it's come as a
surprise then make sure after you've
watched this video you watch my
announcement video which will be linked
to below but let's go and wake that baby
up because it's half-past seven
here she is already awake and it's a bit
drowsy this is my favorite time of the
day
little cuddles in bed while she drinks
her milk and it just starts us off on a
really good note nowadays with babies
can be a little bit repetitive so please
stick with me lots of knack of changing
playtime
there's a tractor
it makes a good seat to look out at the
world doesn't it
today I'm completely on my own because
mr. AMR has gone to do a big job this
week but normally quite a lot of the
time he's at home and we both sort of
share the childcare just in case he
thinks I'm trying to take all the credit
as mummys porridge Bowl mmm has spoons
too big for you look at your face let me
clean up then
Dexter wants to go out too
nine o'clock and I've got loads of
really important work things happening
today so I just sort of have to try and
fit those in in between nap times and
more in nap times and things like that
so yeah it's gonna be quite full on
today actually quite a lot to do
come on we came by my space bag come on
cuz you look you're covered in
raspberries you'll have a big red
reportable mm-hmm I forgot that we are
what's up okay hold on that we have to
take the dog to the groomers oh dear
because we went on holiday and he got
really really dirty didn't he oh you be
careful
oh it's getting much more difficult to
carry the baby now that I've got bump
but you know I've had a bump for ages
but it's sort of like six months
pregnant bump this and I'm only Oh what
I'm a nearly twenty weeks and it just
popped out really early which I'm sure
will hear me talk about loads X Y X M
let go right good boy to put baby in the
car first then you can go in the car
fast because you're naughty rapscallion
yes Dex is going to the groomers right
let's go you need you baby seat you'll
go in your seat we're gonna go in a
little journey you're going to come Max
and you're gonna have a nap what you had
Oh
Oh during nap times I do really
constructive things usually catching up
on email doing my social media and
sometimes I take a nap a lot of time I
take a nap I'm not going to lie never
change time and I've just realized I am
down to the very last nappy yes so guys
go to the shops as well right onto the
train GMAT you assume the position last
nappy what were you gonna do I'm gonna
go to the shops yeah okay yeah let's go
it's a little bit flat in there yeah
trying to concentrate here so that
pretty quick and easy I've got my points
I've got my 500 welcome bonus points I
can already buy something blatantly my
favorite thing has to be the most
expensive thing on there you know what
I'll get that in no time especially
since I'm going to be buying - lots of
nappies not too far in a distant future
I've just remembered the UM have to feed
next doors cats
oh you hope mommy's ki all hungry cats
oh don't go far we just have our lunch
where are we cheese sandwiches
raspberries we still we're still on the
yogurt phase you gotta love the food mmm
smells ripe
oh no don't eat honest I'm mommy's gonna
meet that Oh
come back the baby still sleeps I'm
doing some makeup testing before
anything ever makes it and to be sort of
photographed for the website still no
photographs or before and after
photographs and stuff at that I tested
out loads if it looks like it's going to
be something that I'm going to like and
that I'm going to find interesting to
write about and I think we'll provide
some kind of value to readers and then
click get shipped upstairs and and then
I test it out
mm-hmm dinnertime we got 30,000 methods
of destruction nearly laughs at it is
nearly five seven baby red goats eat at
about eight o'clock because she just
never does she gets up quite late though
does anyone find themselves just turning
into the sort of person it should be a
bust on Twitter your vest on
she'd be faster now she pretty messed on
should be best done by seven o'clock if
I've been on my own I'm just going
completely and utterly mad and if I
wasn't pregnant I would start drinking
no actually I wouldn't that's just being
silly should put your vest on nah this
is their down time isn't it watching
Curious George we watch bit of Curious
George before bed sorry am I in your way
and yeah mainly just because I'm just so
tired by seven o'clock and I still have
my whole workday to do not whole work
days I'd be ridiculous but I have to get
the post for tomorrow and whatever else
got to be done by tomorrow
oh that's got to be done so I'll start
that when she goes to bed at 8:00 after
I've had some dinner booby traps around
all look she's just asleep so I'm going
to put my pajamas
and then I'm gonna cook some dinner and
I might clean my face they're not going
to start my oh so caught your brother's
a cook now I'm going to roast some
vegetables sort of Italian style with
some chili garlic lots of olive oil and
God the baby is screaming and fresh
basil and I've found these sun-dried
tomatoes that need using up the past the
sell-by date but they'll be fine I'm
going to trick plays in at the end we're
almost done roasted veg or grilled
Mediterranean vegetables which are
lovely I've added a bit of garlic and
chilli at the end rocket salad with
tomatoes they're hiding underneath
because I needed to use a bag of rocket
mr. Omar insisted on cooking some potato
wedges as well which don't go with my
idea but there we go but I suppose it
needed some substance and then we're
having what's it called I'm even reading
the label mozzarella as well
doing my work in bed in all honesty and
I quite often end up doing my work in
bed I feel like my brain is still
functioning quite well but my body just
isn't so it's quite nice to get my feet
up and I find that I can sort of
concentrate quite well it is now called
past 10:00 about an hour or so of work
to do I really want to read some of my
book that I'm reading at the moment
that's very good but I don't know where
they'll have chance tea and then I will
no doubt wash my face brush my teeth and
go to sleep
so thanks for watching this everybody
to see my pregnancy announcement video
on the uphill Channel make sure you go
and subscribe to that new channel and I
hope you've enjoyed this as I said
before I'm going to try and do a work
day one that sort of mirrors this so
look out for that and yeah I shall see
you next time
