hi everyone and welcome back to our
Channel today the really exciting take
as we're going to the summertime fool
and you may have known from last year
that we went and it's definitely one of
my favorite concerts I think it's a home
here 90 and they have searched lineups
and I'm so excited to feel it to make
the course because they're opening the
show and also areata update because I've
obsessed with her new album some sex
hopefully she sings some of her new
songs from her new album those are the
I think he's gonna be singing pictures -
yeah I saw online I think it's very
also if you are a singer leave your
channels down below because I'm always
looking for new people to watch on
youtubes we are going to be giving you
guys a tour backstage at Wembley
I've always wanted to do this just
because I love music I love concerts I'm
just quite knows we do know so just
arise Wembley and we're just Maps
heading to the Vodafone future breakers
Live 10 which is over there and it's
really easy to spot because it's bright
red so you can't miss it's also not like
the red carpet and we're just gonna have
some fun in there before the sides on
board we're just going to go in the face
peanuts and peaches all we've discussed
a fuzzy little mix around a good day
since we go around most likely he might
like to see everyone is happy to just
want to point out that we're at the huge
red flood event and the Hang Jojo babies
you and obviously this is making me very
happy right now because one is it that
you do Jojo just kidding yes he do not
see it pick up race in a tree so fine
while this vlog is going to go on so the
tickets were already been found I love
it
I want to keep on Trevor Sally we're
going out later so my as you leave on
for tonight there's so cool though
heading to space two seasons before
falling on money
without your peers
now in the VIP photo code global area
and that's great and I've just spotted
breaking over this frozen yogurt says
pick a big sweet
we were
yeah
special
Oh
ah
thank you
happy frenzy
Oh
and give us
Oh
I'm saying my favorites were little mix
of course yeah are a grande Craig David
surprisingly when you wanted temper had
such no stage present I was reading a
dream to closer show it was a man so
we're now get your car home if you did
enjoy this video make sure you give it a
thumbs up and you'll see you in our next
vlog
