ladies and gentlemen welcome back to day
number two here in Tokyo Japan it's
beautiful this morning that gel go is
still in the bathroom in yesterday's
vlog and smash room yesterday he's once
again in the bathroom it's really pretty
during the day though we get work
alright so we're going show so what kind
of tour are we going on we're going on a
temple for by the way leave a like on
this video for this guy this guy neck
Toro he got me through some hard times
this guy was on my neck for 14 hours
he's the real hero
this guy's a he sir he fought in so many
wars you don't even know hmm but here
you guys to stay here for now okay buddy
this will we had breakfast we're gonna
be late
elevator wait for us so it's a little
cold but it's beautiful
check this out the weather we do not
have asked for a better day cheering we
got yes great super rainy oh look at
this this is so cool are you excited to
eat today
oh my gosh okay be here to train signing
around in place that doesn't have to
work inside of it that's really are a
person record per person that observes
the coach are eating this is going to be
a challenge there's actually restaurant
I think there's one that has like a
company Monaco's arrest isn't really
there's two of them they're not very
close by them look good sake cup service
bus ultra long forgetting about that
step
thank you do you like on your bus
I love it no babies like what's green it
matches all right like a bus what are
you doing my bag you trying to rub it a
little Kim its way to whether you
practice on our shirt to let them know
that we are on a date or it's my color
of you look good
sighs I'm sorry
oh sorry co-brothers more sake okay miss
that's really cool
this is so pretty
man look at this holy bubble so what we
just did is we purify yourself
physically we went under this cool
looking object building and we wash our
left hand first then our right hand
first put water in our hand rinse our
mouth of it and spat it out I'm not
purified it's physically against the
other people are doing the same thing
over here
can you purify against the viewers can
sit here so you took it left hand first
left hand yep purified purified
right I would write that up great that a
90 out of 10 purification make sure you
rate the purification down below in the
comments you put the whole thing up at
the very end the waterfalls rocks you I
didn't do that yeah that's a lot for I'm
not fully purified I'll swap will have
to come back go inside the courtyard
addition though the sickest Shinto
shrine koi I guess you say we entered
through this massive archway over here
and right here is the entrance but it's
closed today so we're normally not
allowed to take any kind of photos or
videos out here but since the main
shrine area is closed we're allowed to
these people right here underneath this
white tent or making wishes you throw in
your money and then you I think you bow
twice then you clap twice and then you
might South slice again something like
that I think Paige is going to do it ten
out of ten wishing skills and what your
name by the way
Liam so I'm just walking by Liam
recognizes me do you live here you're
visiting and visiting from where New
York that's awesome I five dude I've
never been in New York I gotta come soon
though we have anything you want to say
to the viewers keep watching
I can respect that make you so much
these palace gardens so pretty
that is what we just walked check it out
these pallets of sweat
or you guys install from the outside is
this massive food is simple check see
Seelye and more people making wishes
over here over here you can buy all
these cool charms that have different
meanings ones like relationship luck
acting exams there's one for traffic
safety and anyway so Paige and I bought
matching ones red and green and as the
good health one so right here we just
bought some of these and ate them let me
explain the math it's like dough
it's a patriot red bean it's really good
like on sugar look one out for me they
come in like different shape and they're
stuffed with red bean paste all look
outlet he was inside the ramen shop and
asked me for a photo once we got outside
the shop at 2:00 today thinking families
to Japan but he was in Toronto live in
Toronto so I Rob didn't know you're that
ice cream does look really good
Oh coffee and milk flavor strawberry
milk it's like mixtures
finally have my first coffee since in
Japan jogo so what do you think about
Japan's Beauvoir interesting the gas
from come from the sky are you kidding
this exists is an alkane fate you can
pay 500 yen you get it that one
what Mayo for $15 I will say that
hanging out without all white like you
like really I rate the Alex branch if
you ever hear you have to do it what do
you think they owe my gosh I read it in
11 I know it's only 5 bucks and you get
all 10 an owl you know it's called the
owl trying for the owl look how is our
shrine it said no user photo she let us
log take like and photos Beach Saturday
whoever's at the house run we found the
Bondi headquarters these guys make so
many cool toys look at the Power Rangers
no Kusama
I want this you try to date I'm sorry
it's an apple thin guy prep this one is
the Aussie Bora Bora I didn't have a
hockey Jabara a.k tons of anime toys
random stuff all my my waifu she's been
here the whole time
Hagman type one punch man I found my sin
pies star Ronaldo love me this is a
better view of Akihabara look at this
there's internet cafes it's really hard
to see that's an internet cafe but some
kind of I think that's a 24-hour
internet cafe right there and it just
keeps going on and on there's like
billiard there's like this or anything
having to do with anime or any Japanese
culture that's like common Japanese fan
culture this is the basic objectives get
the power into stuff you move it well
probably stay high in a bitch oh you can
only move at once one way oh okay oh oh
oh
mouse house where is it would be really
scary but it who is it I don't know what
it is yes put it together oh it's
awesome
every time happy randomly walking up
animate stores mate just to the coffee
shop
I found them my next favorite anime
character wrapping up our day in
Akihabara okay said I didn't get
anything yet I decided to wait off and
waiting for the right purchase I also
have no money to my name right now and
yet
so imagine this yesterday but with
everybody having two to three suitcases
backpacks on you think bringing in tokyo
for the first time what kind of old my
mind no that's not it this is what blew
my mind to come wait
this is a bad day and it's just how it
looks it shoots water straight up your
butt it shoots and you know it's
uncomfortable at first but if you
wouldn't clean afterwards I like it
anyways as you can tell we're back here
in the hotel by we I mean it's me
everybody's hanging out in the girls
hotel room currently we're trying to
decide where to eat food sushi you know
what being good sushi restaurant in
Tokyo
let me November would come also let me
know you guys on the road so far and
anything else
I should try to include I know I'm not
like my normal self when I'm out in
public I'm still adjusting to the whole
vlog aspect it's difficult I don't want
to bug people I don't want to be loud
and obnoxious especially here in Japan I
feel like everybody's going to quiet
into themselves and not super like not
that people aren't friendly but people
are busy yeah we're going on you know
they're not here for travel like I am
I'm here for travel and hanging out if
you're watching love you
