project hello and welcome to another
week we love George Mac currently in
Spain where in Italy's coriolis the sun
is shining and is absolutely gorgeous so
which is what's going to get a bit of
lunch
company look at George there hello wins
NY hello and my sunglasses are got lunch
and they're going to explore so I've
always going to show you the outfits
I've got my really bad round metal these
like foldable and they're like a yellow
gold with a cream outline very very nice
indeed
I then got this really gorgeous
embroidered cohort is from Franco
tarbush I've never ever heard of before
but I absolutely love it it's just so
beautiful like really relaxed shorts and
a relaxed tank top style loving it
future solar disco because it's like the
dream is bagged for exploring and then
big ninja yellow steel platforms from
ego so that is my look I'll try and
insert a picture here
which is really not the best not the
best for month later but yeah can't get
some food
by travelpod
I am
just like the restaurant and it's free
time now which is mostly and since I
exploring the local town and it's really
reflecting like gorgeous and colored
buildings everywhere subway and what
lunch with look like very traditional
Spanish wall we didn't order any any
kind of cave like a set menu which was
nice for us try some things that we
wouldn't normally choose and we have
some gorgeous cover of your wine yes
just a mix really well really though
really look how gorgeous
all right sounds close with you is John
Lennon glasses on widow capper to the
father is must wear absolutely gold
good evening so we're back at the room
after I would look like a exploring such
a stunning town loads of look the
colorful buildings really peaceful we
just wandered around the weather was
beautiful so which is better exploring
and I just come back and got ready I
have come for a bit of a messy sea salt
spray do red and then of the shoulder
blue dress which I'll show you now so
this dress is from Topshop which is
really lovely like pinstripe off the
shoulder ruffled number with a tie waist
and a tiered skirt cut my red
espadrilles on these are from ASOS by
bleeding get my Topshop - I think I'm
going to take my yellow Gucci mum on as
well just for a bit of a primary color
height I head downstairs to meet the
rest of the team and we're going for a
top of tall which we really amazing
because although we have a delicious
lunch we're just chatting but it really
eat too much them absolutely
how much now are you hungry oh those we
are going to get a certificate some
pictures of my outfit concert here this
town definitely comes alive at night so
much mobs will see a five in how it
looks
but people just Laurine turn cane and
timing it relentlessly how beautiful
that is
oh my god donate
so our family works out where we are
exactly very sorry about this Riddler
granule 332 and so we're just currently
doing in Catholic tour of the colonial
in Ryoka
and the first stop in drips is this
little joint which is specialized into
my palace but as others are really quite
nasty picture of our gypsy soul just
avoid that but yeah I'm gene for capital
Harry Potter liquid were famous for
lagron yo its famous Christmas room and
we just outside and the very popular
mushroom tire company is all this paw
mushrooms a little good mushroom very
kids ready and here ahead mushrooms that
famous hot you don't like mushroom I'll
have yours
oh they smell so great yeah
if Georgia Tech is any better than mine
oh you saw the pool how classy you look
totally freaking out ten finally
announced estimator with low book google
hockey - colleague to true happiness
very warm Sunday with the best I've ever
had
breaking up sent to the mushroom
so just cut the hotel and amazing it's
as tall and yeah we shall see you in
Amman I want to actually say two
sentences I realize I very rarely say
that stuff good night and we shall see
you in the morning for a tour of the
camp of echo in its very completely bad
we run good morning everyone so bright
and early and in the camp of echo
vineyard how exciting it looks
absolutely gorgeous we've literally just
arrived but the reason we are here is to
experience a summer color
and yeah you guys can win a trip to
Spain which is very very cool you don't
need to share your summer of colour
image with camp of your using the tags
and hashtags and leave on the screen
play now but yes we're going to enjoy
this summer of color at the camp of your
club vineyard I'm so excited mean it's
about ten o'clock now and we're going to
have our first glass of wine and it's
probably the earliest I've ever had a
glass of wine but when you react at the
home of wine if you talk to you wouldn't
it we did learn morning
hello you need a company echo did cover
NAB me God so set up for Tuesday morning
look beautiful for keen on the sky no
come on sunshine
we are in the vine currently in the
vineyard and accidentally flushed on
purpose nice to come home via KHOU and
frontier with the yellow tarp and then
I've got my earrings on and some little
short sleeves a super open boo who
and then my yellow shoes and I'm just a
mother out of black or two of cava and
now we're on to the rest oh my god
it insane smells incredible wishy like
it's the smell how great this mouth
fancy drive it in let's take a dip out
great so if you believe me mind look at
go he's in his element
she's a Wine Library and the six million
bottles with a certain company I would
and now this majors re we're going to
blend our own wine one day Norma and
then when you get over here that's what
created a micro estimate eight things in
this one massive area well Matt well
oh my god
Court is one step ahead
binky's legend rather specific you had
oh my god isn't SELCO was it called
megan is mad well okay for a traditional
now for the main event
paella easing everyone so which is
currently about new hotel in Bilbao
because we let the vineyard and the
complimentary winery which has got an
amazing experiences both was another
heart the most it was incredible like to
sing that cement of a little bit winery
to make our remaining Felix is gonna
hopefully they'll force what's up as we
can literally lovely and we're heading
to about the riverboat train now which
is very I'm going to vote and then with
dinner can Bilbao in the truth at
traditional Bilbao restaurant how did
have funds to my mother's address really
nice and PLC off-shoulder blender well
bit chilly tonight
she thought she took
we haven't seen one thing I did not rob
bell tower was driving through it how
gorgeous it looks really really creating
really close hold but it's definitely
somewhere I would like to return to
going to when they got the evening
really really digging this name
sailboats and about genius oh I'm on a
boat I want to write back not pink one
for the resin yellow one will daze how
adorable is that
Oh Bilbo her scrubs looks like Ricky
Hall now could Wilma strike after all
tonight restaurant
traditional Bilbao I'm very and very
fortunate
how many is the deco in this place oh I
love it so uh how beautiful that it
Wilder there is just left the restaurant
for the night and we had a lovely set
menu very Spanish dinner and yeah I
think I'm going to end this vlog here
now because we're just traveling home
sorry to the shame I would really don't
want to leave I drink are definitely the
back to Bilbao I've absolutely loved it
just the build significant what we've
seen tonight so yes I really hope you
enjoyed this video I'm coming along to
train with us and see you inside the
amazing can tow vehicle winery and
vineyard remember if you want to win the
same trip I absolutely share a summit of
colour image yourself using the hashtag
and type in sample vehicle really really
easy and honestly it was such an
incredible experience I was has suggest
you get involved with competition yes
give up some to be enjoyed it and
subscribe if you're new and I'll see you
in my next videos goodbye now goodbye
and good night
