hi everyone welcome back to my Wednesday
vlog today I'm in New York if you follow
me on Instagram you would have seen that
I'm here but I know this video is going
up I think a couple of weeks after
hopefullly saw all my photos and stories
whilst I was here cuz I'm having such a
nice time I'm here with Anna we're
very happy here we've actually come out
and the trip so far has been so
incredible they have absolutely spoilt
us like at every opportunity they give
us some kind of little gift like when we
arrived there was a beautiful cashmere
sweater on our bed yesterday we got
given this cookbook which has something
to do with what we're doing today
every time I come back to my room is
like something on my bed so they're
thoroughly spoiled to us and there was a
beautiful event first evening where we
made flower crowns and then yesterday we
did like a cocktail making masterclass
it's been amazing so far but today is
like quite a big day so I wanted to just
vlog today because we're going to
Brooklyn the idea of today is that we're
having a little tour of Brooklyn and
going to meet quite a few of Bobby
Brown's girl crushes and it ties in so
never be that person so when we came
here on the first night the lipsticks
were waiting for us on our bed there in
this like glass box and it says girl
really excited for today I'm really into
this girl crush theme because it's
totally up my street I'm here with Anna
who is obviously my number one girl
crush also last night at one of the
events where we meet will the other
girls are the bloggers and stuff you
know and I got talking to these two
girls I don't even know how we randomly
kind of came together but they were so
great I can show you who they are
because one of our other gifts was that
we got these little illustrations made
by a girl called Pauline DeRussy I met
her last night she is a really lovely
lady she's an amazing illustrator and
she did little illustrations of us so
that Anna which is just so cute and then
that's me I think these are so funny and
then these are the two girls that we met
last night and I am totally girl
crushing on them
this girl Geneva I'll put their like
Instagram handles below
she is Australian she lives in Hong Kong
and we got on like a house on fire
it's so nice that's what other people
that we the same thing as you and we all
just start around a table drinking
cocktails having the best night the
other girl is Jasmine I'll put her
handle below as well and she was also so
so lovely she's from Germany she lives
in Berlin this colour is regal I like to
kind of go in and draw in my Cupid's bow
a bit more
so that's regal I'm quite liking the red
and the red actually there's gonna be
lots of women today in red lipsticks so
I feel like I can join in and pretend to
be as cool as them so I'm pretty sure
we're meeting the author of this book
today a couple of female chefs and I
think this is where we're going first
and we're gonna have some lunch this is
such a gorgeous book pretty sure that's
our first clue of what is happening
today okay we're getting in the car and
we're gonna head to Brooklyn like a
really cool huge balloons here we've
come to the Brooklyn Bridge which is
cute as always I've stolen Anna's
balloon these are so far we just taking
pictures of them they're so like the
pink this really strong solitaire but
like I've been pulled away in here is a
carousel which I think we're gonna get
to go on I mean it has Instagram goals
really you know like setting it all up
for pure it's very so gold I'm so happy
to be back
in this view how gorgeous is it
unbelievable oh my god I nearly let go
of the balloons terrifying take yours
back there is so much balloon action
going on photos over here lost Anna oh
she's still over here taking a picture
of the bridge we're getting on the
carousel guys
that's the exit how'd you get in this is
like the prettiest carousel ever this
isn't the first time I've logged out a
tie-up on a carousel I'm not gonna lie
there
I know we gave our balloons away to
these little kids I don't think we're
meant to but there was so cubanelle okay
we're heading back into the car and
going to a place with Lilia we've
arrived at Lilia which is a restaurant
we're gonna go in my thing having some
car cookery class
look at the gorgeous famous ethane this
is my one and the same illustrator that
I mentioned earlier Stan dorrance these
are all the girl crushed women that
we're going to be meeting really nice to
meet Jenna and then I think they put us
up
the menu oh my god Nicole it's just
another illustration you're gonna like
look at the menu now okay so I thought I
would show you guys because I'm with the
two ladies also my lipstick is still
very strong I'm gonna reapply it for
another lunch and I'll update you on how
it
Oh
we've just finished lunch and I don't
like rickshaw but they are if the reason
is right even if everybody we're gonna
go to a few different shops that are run
by like really cool women including
catbird which is a jewelry shop I've
always wanted to go see so okay we're
going oh my god if you never see this
blog because we didn't make it like a
bird obviously I I didn't even
acknowledge the map can I just say I sat
next to a lady called Ava or Eva as she
don't know how it's pronounced at lunch
number one go crush obsessed with her
she mommy Instagram a-- vlogger i'm
gonna link her blog down below school
happily ever after like ever spell EBA
and oh my god I just loved shutting to
her all lunch she was so interesting
that's so real and great and she like
had home births that she put like all
the photos on her blog interesting great
I'm just meeting so many cool people at
strip
the first stop is catbird eyeball we'd
wanted to come here oh my God look how
cool
the next shop is but I've never heard of
this one let's go have a look guys this
shop is unreal they have like the best
brands I need you to take a moment at my
camera away and have a look and I'll
come back so we've got back to the hotel
a couple of hours ago and honestly I've
just been chilling out because it's
always in the afternoon around like 4:00
4:30 that jetlag kicks in because it's
like almost bedtime for us at home so I
was pretty tired I kind of facetimed
rich and a friend of mine and Children's
did a bit of work sorry if it's becaue
I'm in the bathroom but I quickly got
ready we're meeting in like 20 minutes
so I quickly like kind of shower redid
my hair I didn't completely redo my
makeup I just kind of touched it up I'm
gonna put on another lip and I've got
into my Alice and Olivia dress again I
told you guys I'm gonna get my money's
worth out of this dress so I'm just
wearing as much as I can actually it
goes pretty well because I think it's
like a carnival themed night it says
carnival soiree which I'm not really
sure what that is but it sounds super
fancy and I thought well this is kind of
like colorful and it's got like pretty
sleeves I don't know maybe it will do
I'm gonna see if I can get way wearing
my flats Gucci loafers because I kind of
just want to wear like flat shoes but
it's gonna be really fun like a big
final party to end the trip I had such a
nice day I've met some really cool
people on this trip it's just been very
like because the theme is girl crush
we've been talking to so many great
women and visiting amazing shops and
restaurants it's been very like
inspirational I think tonight is gonna
be a really fun night I feel like
they're gonna go all out and it's gonna
be a really fun party so I'm gonna bring
you guys along to that but also I need
to do a put perfume on I wish I had like
a face mist I'm gonna go on one of the
lipsticks I'm not sure what color to go
for this is my dress I think because I'd
be wearing a red all day and I've got
quite like warm colored eyes I think I'm
gonna go for
or bear which is the nude that I really
like Missy thing
makeup done yesterday they use this one
so they gave it to me my little goodie
bag which means I have two which is
finish getting ready and then go see
where Anna is and I'll bring you guys to
the soiree okay I'm gonna go get Anna
from her room she came to my room this
building not really sure where we're
going we've got Anna's pretty dress so
nice was wrong I don't know how to say
it but you said about tal mi Oh Danny I
think it's Danny
this is amazing you out here so
everyone's come out like take photos and
a few II don't even care we're gonna get
our photo in the corner with this
ridiculous you okay oh my god on a
mission oh my god guys that candy floss
machine here how ridiculous I said I'd
gone for strawberry
where's what it smells so sweet
something look at all these crazy girls
guys sparkly candy floss wait glitter
gold pizza and candy oh my god
would be was really fun and we're dinner
because we're a little bit hungry so
hungry so hungry we can add this to our
collection of silly faces I put my
Instagram stories so that you guys saw
that okay I couldn't film at dinner but
it was really yummy I may have had pasta
again for the second time today whoops
we've just come back to Anna's room
we're gonna sit here and chill and chat
for a bit and then I'm gonna head back
to my I've just come back into my room
and there's one final gift from Mansur
Gavriel which is a brand I really love
they do really nice bags for some badges
they're cool we've always crushed on the
laid-back luxury of sleek downtown
inspired pouch so we're sending a piece
of New York with you designed by
girlfriend's Manzo Gabriele better yet
customizes patches and go Akash
unemployed denim thank you for joining
us safe travels oh that's so nice oh my
god a pink like leather clutch I love
that so cool
we have been thoroughly spoiled on this
trip very very lucky I'm gonna get into
my pajamas and get into bed because it's
been a fun but long day so I really hope
you guys have enjoyed today's vlog don't
you can click here to watch my last
video and subscribe if you would like to
and I'll see you on Sunday for my next
video bye
