Marcus Marcus is good those muggers know
is a shrine hi no Nala oh ah okay okay
okay sit down sit you can lick my hand
you can look mad okay okay okay okay
null is definitely in charge oh right
that is it don't make me fight you you
want to fight yeah hey good morning baby
this is nice on your head my own little
noggin look your ears good morning guys
damn I'm tired i went to bed at
half-past two last night so ridiculous
so ridiculous it's currently 840 in the
morning I have to get the train in an
hour and nine minutes to get to London
for a photo shoot and I'm still in bed
and then after the photo shoot I've got
saturday night takeaway until like nine
or 10pm and then I get drinks with the
crew and the the team and the
celebrities or whatever until like hot
was 10 11 and then I get a taxi home and
i get home at like one I am gonna die I
am literally gonna die today I'm at the
train station heading back to London I
think I've got three minutes to get my
train but it's a Saturday so I know the
ticket machines can be busy as I've
already accepted I'd miss my train my
train leaves at nine forty nine I have
one minute and 14 seconds okay and if
you can see when my train is now delayed
to 958
perfect
I just saw the cutest dog ever I kind of
wish I just bought knowledge London I
mean identified be allowed to tonight at
itv but she could come in the photo
shoot with us always keep the stairs
even if you have a big case it's good
for you I don't think about to explain
what I'm doing today to you guys so
doing so I'm it out retina run up the
stairs the marks and i doing in America
for that so we're having a photo shoot
this morning before I TV this noise is
America and then we go to ITV bites need
to wait for my my guide to come and pick
me up how you doing today good good I
just got to where we're meeting up to
plan the photo shoot today I am the
first one here how big is that if we
buddy I'm the first one it even though
it's so nearly missed my train and then
he won't delayed and then I made my
dream from the first one here
quite ready
alright the photo shoot is starting it
is so cold if you see oh I just told you
what it is if you see what it is that
we're shooting then and it looks great
why you snap that in me and it looks
warm the world is a lie everything is
alike it's freezing how are you sorry um
I'm not going we're trying to get a shot
with the London Eye yes girl she's a
virgin singer god Marcus work at your
head down nothing will get that run your
fingers for your hair we've just bumped
into Veronica and she drew a picture of
us the boys let me show you here I'll
try and put it on screen as well that
picture is so popular and you drew it
that's amazing everybody go follow her
on Instagram yeah she's so talented yeah
anything I like to do not wait yeah I
think you like one of those right are we
in focus
I don't know we finished the photo shoot
how did it go so good when I'm just
really good so far lot on this w my
hoodie I guess he was so called a linear
my panini and we are about hit ideally
were just grabbing some food first why
this looks so delicious Marcus has just
spotted its good old pal from a couple
of years ago tell everybody just said
I'm cheeky relapse on slowpoke oh you
can't call it of relapse it's not a drug
addiction there was this good sweepa
writers had in our takeaway we are
practicing to rehearsing for tonight for
the cowboy seems they wrote me put loads
on him loads on him who does the other
woman said you need so much my cheeks
done so this is I've just set off whoa
blimey neck tie my hair spray my eyes do
demise there for that one you stink but
that one what you doing guys I just hit
only happened like five minutes ago I
hit 3 million subscribers on this
YouTube channel what the bloomin hack
wallet but one of them in half no Marcus
did you just say that the other day you
know challenge you to 50,000 subs it's
just challenged it again no serious
serious serious no guys thank you so
much for 3 million subscribers and it's
absolutely crazy my main channel is
about it 5 million is worse like 40,000
well I don't trust you go away or why
you can bring around me you're not
handing out resin want to say say
something to them for me hitting three
mil well done guys Alfie tells me every
day how proud he is of you guys for
helping him reach his milestones so
you've done a great job and he's very
proud of you that's the kindest thing
I've ever you say allow me that's the
nicest thing and again tensioners bicep
like I told you the other day for this
variance cool it is around me because
I'm so muscly they has two tents a lot
and we've got like 20 minutes until we
need to need to head out for is in dress
rehearsal in 20 minutes we've got my
cowboy out there and saloons and then we
film with little mix and then God dinner
and then the show then it begins offline
just go downstairs now to get changed
into her cowboy outfit so thank you so
much services yeah that looks so good we
have just eaten all of our delicious
food marks and I've got to head down
because in 14 minutes oh hello 14
minutes until we can be on I'm going to
leave my camera of Maddie and she's
gonna film the TV screen hopefully
Marcus Marcus is good those muggers know
why you're safe right yes Marcus oh no
is locked it don't worry don't worry
Danny I've only got one pound coin it
doesn't fit guys my camera battery keeps
on dying is gonna die any second the
show's finished it was amazing I've
about to jump in a taxi and go home now
well marks get a good time he's weird
bugs is with there he is everybody's
getting a haircut folks let me cut your
hair so down know as we love what
triangle t-shirts yeah guys look at
marketers t-shirt it's got a triangle
bit let dad so they can see it's like
triangular shape on one side my name is
j bj joseph j be so sit down so I can
cut your hair turn around my head go see
her chopper to chop chop chop chop we've
had a good evening bro give me some see
you soon see you soon your views are
gonna miss me no they won't give them a
little kiss all right I've just got home
completely fell asleep in the car like
dead asleep my camera battery still
flashings it could run out nah let's
just put herself to bed she's so sleepy
aren't you gonna say hello to the blog
or used to asleep should I see you would
have like ants dog tonight and had a big
old labrador with him I think it was his
anyway no night and he'd take your
jump-off you though she be to bed yeah
she has two beds oh ho you went in there
yourself I'm gonna miss you I'll see you
in the morning is it gonna hurt I'm
actually scared does it hurt
