hello everybody welcome to another
weekly vlog it is half past four and I
have been at Benji's house this morning
and most the weekend I came back from
Croatia on Saturday afternoon has the
most amazing holiday ever
I've been working all weekend on the
vlog so hopefully you've enjoyed that
that'll be up Friday for me I've done
the trailer that goes up tonight and
I've done the bulk of it it's just
adding in the music and cutting it down
a bit because it's an hour and 10
minutes long eventually I had the best
time at the best time is so great a
really awesome experience
Croatia was so pretty and I've been very
refreshed and ready to get back into a
routine however whilst I was away Benji
had my boyfriend he has hurt his knee
and he's actually quite poorly bless him
so I can't tell you what the exact name
is working for getting it but he's
basically got a very inspected swollen
knee to the point man you can't walk
carpet pressure on it and he has to have
elevators for 10 to 14 days and he is
not working moment he he's an
electrician and I think he didn't do
anything in particular to hurt it but I
think leaning down on his knees being on
his means so much you'd obviously done
something to it and and anyway it's
infected that he's on antibiotics he's
on painkillers he's looked that's quite
a little bit but please in good spirits
so I am nurse T and I'm looking after
them where I can although it's very
weird to people on normal looking after
me and making sure I'm okay and cooking
for me and things like that and now at
role reversal and I'm enough for him
which I don't know if I'm very good up I
think you just appreciate my company
because there's only so many games of
Call of Duty and FIFA you can play or
your brain is a bit like frazzled I
think so we started a new puzzle today
this afternoon I work eight to one and
my freelance stuff while pretty much
next week and then we started the puzzle
and now I'm on my way to my mum's house
because I have I could see her because I
only came back passionate yet and B I
need forgot some parcels apparently my
friend Kevin in LA
some of you watched for a long time
you'll know who Kevin is special place
in my heart is a really great guy he had
something something sent me a bob he's
going to pay that off in the post office
because I think there's a customs be on
it vinyl for love island tonight which
I'm very excited about I didn't miss it
as much as I thought I work to be honest
because I hadn't seen it for a whole
week I would really like Cameron amber
to win or come in and Jamie I think
chemin amber deserve to win finished
blood like me I don't know how to like
give this constructive criticism really
I did really like it and it's nice to
finish the book I do like Louise the
style of writing she is quite funny
however I just found the characters too
similar to her own life so I found
myself relating Robyn to Louise and Lila
Darcy and I just think that that we
should maybe Anna can do one let me -
but I'd love to see her write something
a bit more of her comfort zone I'm not
sure I know that we've had an amazing
like imagination of the word I was
looking for she had a great imagination
so yeah I'd like to read something from
habit not to related to her own life I
just find I was comparing it home sorry
I did like it it wasn't my favorite book
I've ever read but I just like any price
to read a whole book finish a book
okay my hair looks great good morning
I'm just having a ball of shreddies
before I'm off to boxing's morning do it
Harris - in boxing yes and basically go
try boxing at ten o'clock this morning -
half an hour cause I know I'm going to
be any good at but I'm going to go the
best exercise try it last night a drone
can one love Island which was great
throw onto them for them we played a
lego city abort ng and Xbox games that
we can play together
or I made spaghetti bolognaise outside
what's math table for lunch today
I've just finished boxing and it was so
good I'm exactly if I did it
I told the instructor and then was Ross
and I told him I was a complete newbie
I'm out of touch at the gym I'm trying
to find classes I like and I'm very
unfit and he was like no problems I told
him I've done certain classes and I done
personal training and I've been at the
gym for a while but I've lost my mojo
and he was like us so finds class is
really good for you because half an hour
and it's really in setup a boy strength
so that I can get back into doing
weightlifting as well and go back to my
iron do classes I quite like but I've
just I'm so out of touch and I put on so
much weight that I just need to start
from the bottom and work up I can expect
myself to be thrown back into classes I
used to do that I like an hour long so
boxing with half an hour you pair me up
with a girl called Tara she was so nice
she's done like full hearted so she was
quite me herself and we basically
swapped from being like pulling the
punches to doing the punches and we also
had weights and we did a warm up with
some free weights at dumbbells it was
good Bert hard but really really good
I'm betting I've been next week in fact
I'm going to put myself in because then
I will go again okay so you have to
ignore my hair I've just come out the
shower a little bit frizzy but I wanted
to show you now how battery in my camera
the parcels that I was sent yesterday
without showing you my address so the
a look I'm a real silver jewelry girl as
you can see so I was really excited for
this one it comes with all the bits to
adjust it so I will have a play with
that in a minute and then the next book
weekly vlog I think with a little black
dress and maybe some gold hills this
comes off and working on my men tailors
vlogs for most afternoon it's taken me
days and hours but it's so good and so
proud of it and as Benji is in bed a
large portion of the day Roman I picked
up LEGO City and we're playing it
because there's not a lot of two-player
Xbox games on the mark at the moment but
we're quite doing it well it's really
good it's quite quick last humour is
awesome schema and it's not very kiddi I
thought it'd be like a bit childish but
it's not it's um you're a cop going on
City the sort of suit looks good with it
is yeah but it's not too hard yeah
I quite like it so yeah we're playing in
multiplayer mode and that's what we're
going to be doing then I'm going to have
some dinner holy-o's yeah just awesome
time that's it were up to you I feel
like this vlog is very dull as week I
haven't done a lot yeah sorry yeah sure
you ready yes the morning some spending
he lives with his dad but his dad lived
with his partner so we basically have
the house to ourselves which is fine and
so whenever we stay here we get my house
and we don't have any parent parameters
ideal but I make another property and I
keep pharmacy for cupcake mark my hair
so all for like comparison so it look
like in Croatia looks like it needs a
root of brush it's whether its own Grimm
is Chucky of rain it's really cold I
mean a jumper I've been rushing from
home or here or they say when MLS video
helps me which I'm very excited to be
working with MLS I hope you guys liked
that video it's been in the pipeline for
about a month and I'm really excited
about it I'm really hard on it and what
was really great if I sent them a first
draft before I put the clips in from
Croatia and then I said the second draft
with the extra bits of me when the
clothes and they didn't offer any
changes either time didn't they liked it
exactly how it was which when that
happens when you work with a brand is
like gold eggs it means that I like hid
the briefs and it's exactly what they
wanted and makes me really like proud
and the money for MLS video is going to
pay off Disney next week which is
exciting and very like feeling really in
a good placement right now this vlog is
going to be pretty dull one I have to
apologize but we aren't meant to be
seeing the atom finals I say which was
my stuff need present from Bengie back
in March copies like x going like
through quickly is crazy we did spend
five months which oh no doesn't sound
very it feels a lot longer than it's
been but yeah he bought me the ticket so
hopefully he's going to be okay to get
up and go he has already walked on it
yet this week and it's Wednesday
scrambled egg on bagel is my favorite
kind of breakfast playing on lego city
game and in the moment we have to try
and find a wheel Oh
I'm saying hello not if you've got a Oh
No whatever the sign that said
though that doesn't shirt gluing
brilliant I lost the life because of
that there's got to be a reason I can
get up here give us a hint may give us a
him what are you doing in the final
module run just run Benjy Abarth
and he has some zoella bars frosting in
which actually comes in sachets let me
try and show you like this they come a
little sachets and then that doesn't
really seem like enough bubbles so it
also put in half a bus with first things
which has now made me really envious and
I now love my own bar so I think I'm
going to happen after look who I'm
chatting to what have you what we just
done that gnome we've set 2 hours 18 a
fast passes moving and dining
reservations around and what we're doing
and now I'm exhausted came it was so
good though we've really got it nailed
yeah we're ready we are ready for this
trip thanks guy oh my god I probably
won't see you now until we go
Mary why I don't have time yeah you
spoke to Jesus in prayer just like me do
this weekend by GBMC care you're going
away and then I'm I went away I know
it's all good
I'm excited I can't wait to see ya
contract Isis Isis very exciting see you
soon my almost 11 o'clock and I had a
really great chat with Charlotte's and I
it was so nice to catch up we actually
spent an hour catching up before we
spend an hour doing Disney stuff we
booked a holiday October last year and
it's coming up to the final kind of like
countdowns and we've done all the big
milestones in terms of the king Disney
thing and we booked the first classes in
which I was going to put them in next
week but we needed to like sit down and
talk about them and discuss them and
we're going to be doing as dulles great
I'm going to have a hair dryer or
strainers here alone so in lieu my hair
but hi it's quarter past 9:00 at night
and I'll film depending today currently
in a towel ready to run myself a bath
then teacher sent me some candles from
the phone speak in and work it on my bed
sales blog title actually writing today
as you know photos that had to import
520 photos and I've now Atlanta 52 use
that then I just thought library
contacts animal stopped robot I'm going
to enjoy my bar so I'll see you tomorrow
good morning it's Friday I've got a bit
makeup on today although my hair is just
so frizzy because I have a hair dryer or
straightness here so I'm going to go and
get them later I am heading out to town
and going to meet my son Georgie because
I tweeted last night saying I was
craving a trip to Primark
and Georgie texted me saying I want to
go to a fancy coffee cake catch-up and
plan our trip oh we watched Haskett
where murder
we finished season 2 last night it was a
sluggard if you want a new Netflix
series to watch how to get away with
murder is brilliant we now need to get
season 3 somebody tweet me this morning
so it's on the sky are you feeling we
kind of saw I know you've been in flight
overweight now what did in 10 days like
I've got bit of a naughty lunch of a
totally shocked assistants and angel and
play yeah oh my god they have so many
new Disney top 10 so they've got this
one see many let's go on a road trip
which I call the theistic supply know
and then they've got this one this is
like a like a tank top thing I think
that's one of my style but still nice
and then they have this one which makes
it looks angry on it there's no way I've
picked up anyway about anything I like
the design as much this one tonight and
this one which I've also got so I'm
going to try them all on
and see which one I like for slower
it's very busyness prymaat today I'm
just going to try and find Georgie as I
wait for it by the dogs I've eaten my
lunch now right I'm going to go home so
that was really weird and it's my bag I
thought accidentally not some bio-oil
into it but the guard says what I was
trying to buy it at ELQ she charged me
for it but I've had to go and return it
didn't want any buy oh it was so nice to
catch up with Georgie so we would ask
about an hour and a half fish and it's
great because she tells me what looks
nice and we are the same size and we
like the same clothes so I actually feel
like I should go shopping with Georgie
more because we like the same thing so
George if you're watching can we go gone
with keys or west key at some point
because I enjoy shopping view a lot and
now it's three o'clock I'm just going to
get my mum at cause issues in oh it's so
nice to be home look I made this really
tidy before I left but quite dark in
here and then to my room this is my
attempt of getting everything up I
needed and wanted grab this bag I
absolutely love this bag cap kits and so
missed me in the last collection which
oh my gosh the next collection cap kits
in is Peter Pan I think about is gonna
be so cute I don't need anything else
now but I need anything the first place
but I was in the market for a new box
back and I obviously got that and I
really like this one as well a mum's
house now I thought I'd show you my
parcels I don't know what's in the match
one will be Kevin I think this is my PA
box stuff so I think I've got three more
letters from you guys
oh the pin badge oh my gosh a subscriber
from Australia
Oh her Swedes oh she sent me a little
pin koala bear I love it oh thank you so
much jealous I will read and reply to
you I like the card it says crib gold
ah this is a really nice letter from a
girl called Amy thank you so much Amy
for your lovely letter so sweet and I
have one more and if you want to write
to me in my peer box is written below
and
love your letters don't feel like you
have to send anything just your letters
reading your messages straight away
although this person I say it sent me
something that's very sweet
hang on the ricardus work look earn a
deport page where I mostly sell
personalized earrings I made you a
couple her depop is called daisies touch
jewelry I'm going to link it below for
you give me a message to let me know you
received and like the keyring from
Louise Marie thank you very much Louise
how exciting I love keyring
oh that's very nice okay so this little
one says my name on it which I
absolutely love because I don't have
loads of things with my name on it it
says Brogan and there's a little house
on the bottom and then this one has a
little key on it and it says Carl keys I
love them so much
thank you that's super sweet got a
little box here and this says oh dear
Brogan here at some Glencoe glow for you
to try I've got the wet lip balm
treatment which is perfect because I
thought my little in Croatia and they do
need a little TLC so I'm going to give
that go and then I've got the thirsty
mud hydrating treatment how nice oh my
goodness I'm very excited to try there
you know I'm going to fall in love with
that thank you very much Graham glow
that's very generous of you
so this little box is very exciting if
some of you watched my trek America
vlogs more specifically my Disney vlog
you know I went to Disney out in
California for the day by myself when I
did my track ISM my last day before I
went flew home and I met this guy called
Kevin and he now works at Disney which
is crazy at the time he wasn't he was
just going around the park on his own
and we ended up well he basically
changed my whole trip and he was a bit
of a guardian angel said to me that day
anyway I'll link that blog below if you
want to watch it if you haven't seen
already
especially if you're a Disney fan
especially want to see what does my
California is like for the day you send
each other thing and he asks my address
again reasoning Oh although this looks
very Disney the Mickey lollipop thank
you Kevin days are going to get eaten up
some more sweet pea
goofy sour candies I'm going to
Bengie you'll love these we could take
the systemically oh this is a little
mini lanyard spinner gasps oh it says
live love and relax that is so me
see look Kevin knows me so well look at
that it's Mickey in the bar that's sweet
oh my godness it's a mod is it a mug I'm
opposed come all the way over from LA Oh
oh my god it's like a channel one oh
look at it
okay I'm not so nice that's so ideal so
it's basically a mug which I actually
love and then it's got its own little
like travel bit on the top I'm going to
take this to Benji's house because I
don't have my own mug there yes I spend
a lot of time there so I'm gonna have it
there oh that's so nice well Kevin thank
you very much for my gift they were very
sweet of you but some sweetie the god
pin badge it's not even my birthday not
Christmas so I'm now going to pick up
some things for Kevin to turn back to
him I'm going to think about it if any
of you have any bright ideas of what I
can send Kevin back let me know but
anyway Oh might as well show you the
Primark passes well I'm here Primark
cool the picked up another pair of
little black shoes these are like three
pound fifty so I don't even care too
much if I only get like a few uses at
them but I really like those and then I
got to disney tops i tried on all of
those ones i showed you and the white
ones are such poor quality you could see
through them and i just didn't like the
fit however I did full enough of this
grey one which says Mickey Mouse and
there's three little Mickey's on that
and I thought just a t-shirt this was
eight pounds and then I saw this pink
one that was folded up as well I saw
this one for this was four pounds I
might wear this to the park I might wear
as a pajama top but either way I really
liked it bright pink it says Minnie
Mouse then I got this little top which I
really like which I was considering when
to the stair to tomorrow this is very me
it was eight pounds and is just spotty
and it's a little bit floaty so it looks
really nice on I tried on and it was
really happy with it looked really
pretty I like this kind of detailing on
the top and then also I got two
pairs of shoes for Florida so I needed
some new trainers I can walk around in
all day in Florida and I like these
because they are red with flowers or
they're white with red flowers on it and
because I'm going to be wearing mini is
I thought this would look quite cute so
these were 12 pounds and they are really
comfortable and if you can see that they
look quite a lot of padding and around
them it looks really nice on and I just
think they'll go with so many things so
I do have my AB gasps gazelles I think
I'm going to take as well but maybe I'll
just do the gazelles and just wear these
because they'll just go with everything
and so the XO and then I also picked up
these which is basically what I went in
for loads of you sent me pictures of
these now I bought a really cute pair of
pretty much the same style shoe in
Disney print and they afford Minnesota 7
didn't think anything of it took them
home and they will massive on me I'm
normally a size 7 but primaries come up
in weird sizes I could put these and
dolly shoes in a 7 I don't know why
these are made slightly big so I tried
on the six and they fitted perfectly
these were eight pounds and they
basically like converse style Disney
shoes I actually prefer this print
because they'll go with anything the
other ones had like red and yellow all
of them so I like these because they're
black and white really really cute for
Florida so they're basically going to
what I'm going to be wearing these and
these are going to be my Florida shoes
and so exciting as you can tell her my
planning for the trip so yeah that's
everything I bought I'm just going to
put that back next bag and I'll show my
mum don't you just call me and he's
feeling his knees a lot better he got up
and we went saying together and he
pushed the trolley so instead of using
his crutches or being in a wheelchair he
used the trolley to lean on and today he
made me a cup of tea this morning as
well which is really nice because I was
working on the Med photo blog post or LM
alone think you can be back and work on
Monday and
the weekend we're going to get up
walking and getting getting a bit
stronger so we to the moment so tonight
we're going to go to the cinema I'm not
sure it's like we're probably sit on an
aisle so you can have it like stretched
out we'll then Anthony there but just
basic things like have change of scenery
so just whipped into Tesco I've got a
nice little Yankee Candle car drive not
have fluffy towels would you mind what I
thought someone owes us one
and I picked up another new book because
I finished Louise's so I've got Kari
hits lectures new book and the way she
described it on Louise's video was
something I think I'd really enjoy so
yeah it's called all the she can see and
it's got a bit of magic and it's about a
bakery she bakes and I'm really looking
forward to reading this now I finished
early this so but finish just made a
really good point I could take it on
fashion if we bumped into her we see her
you casona oh yeah
anyway we're going to go see spider-man
now so good morning everyone back in the
bathroom covered describe the shower
it's Saturday and it's the Addams Family
Day I'm very excited and you know I go
do else for hunt and today I need to do
the birthday presents my friends Lucy
and be on a birthday's coming up on the
10th on the 18th of August and we just
arranged warming up together in London
on the 19th see when we see Matt a
couple weeks I only ever see them
probably once a year and they've been my
oldest
YouTube friends then we've just been
really supportive and they're really
great girls and we've never fallen our
we don't always talk all the time to be
also you go months without talking then
when we do just catch up it's like no
time has passed which I really like so
anyway we've just organized that meet up
on the 19th to put in any to myself
seeing as I treat myself Primark
yesterday but we're going to be there
I'm going to be around tonight and then
we're going to see the show I wasn't
telling what did you think a spammer
nothing I was really good I think I'm
stuck in my favourite spider-man
it was getting absolute comfortable yeah
it was really really good we really
enjoyed it
yay straight her for the first time in a
while I've also done my makeup I've got
like this Lottie London orangey palette
on I have really blended it very well
they just put that out but anyway
feels so nice so clean and too straight
but I'm going to do some editing I'm
going to edit this weekly vlog so I've
just got to my mum's house and I have a
really lovely package from diet coke I
basically met with them recently
so they said hi Brogan it was lovely to
meet you in the real nice night notes
and they've sent me some nail file a
mirror a really cool case for my phone
which is amazing I'm going to get a pop
socket for it and a notebook pen and a
little bag and some obviously some diet
coke stir I'm also going to take to the
theater tonight
perfect so thank you very much Diet Coke
and a little flat day for Instagram so
we're in West key and I'm picking up
these peasants and doing quite well and
they have a brand new lush here that I
got invited to the launch last week but
I was in Croatia and so Benjamin I'm
going to go in and see looks like it's
like this ready
it's brand new how cool
oh wow was it that nice I think I might
pick some bits up if summer shopping
went to lush we picked up some really
nice bubble bars and so you're going to
keep it Bendis and now we are at Wagga
Mama's and I know I'm exactly going to
get I know exactly what I'm going to get
where is it there it is goodness get
food chicken curry I'm so basic I love a
good katsu curry yeah this is Benji
first one is mountain first category
moving on
it tastes ogre trust me banana katsu is
one of my favourite dessert ever
so yes bit north peeper oh well I'm very
excited about it because I am a huge
carry home ketchup on Android no and I
didn't get my book
yeah she's not going to finance real
estate so yeah I top engine I resume
keep this show and then you can win
tickets over there you'd only know me
about a month so only at the time or
less than that in the usual four months
well for me it was really early days I
remember think I was really the primal
you got me again
I was really nice they didn't come for
your birthday they came after your
birthday I really did I'm really excited
for it really get really excited I've
had really good things I'm going to
telling me that thing it's lights and
stuff so I will let you know afterwards
I've never seen The Addams Family the
film I so know the poor at all I just
had no spoilers so we both don't know
what to expect but we're looking forward
to it
we kid while we're waiting in this
lovely multi-story car park I know I
will kiss very elated the 45-minute
drive home as well and we really like
the Addams Family it was really really
good Carrie is everything I hope that
thought she would be
I think halides like she is an amazing
singer and a really great actress and at
my house so much and the I'd never seen
them before but I really enjoyed the
show I didn't know what's right what
never I so good it was good I was
thinking on the way out like you trying
to compare it something so you need to
know so it's so active site then
standalone like thing like you can't
really compare it to it's not like other
with my favor of a show but I did really
enjoy it I put on up in the top 10 and
it was definitely it was really good
what the hell was there
I thought you bad not no spoilers after
I have enough but I only talked about
the moon there so we're now really keen
to like get on trying to undergo this we
want to see something else that I think
I'll wrap this up so
there's touch rows you need catchphrase
my heart right goodbye
yeah what let me get YouTube videos I
watched a bit darlin what's up guys
how's it going man how's it going guys
oh yeah then they go what's up guys
English American I'll start in the mouth
yeah guys how do we know it's me JP yeah
he wouldn't go hi my name's Craig woody
hold on tight oh no it's good this one
cracked what'd you do with it where were
they
countries were there good night hey I
wasn't
I hope you will keep swinging on buggy
twine anything anything more Australian
time I know how you are a biscuit what
the fuck modem that demon you can break
serve it go on army I think I need still
something ok my all my stuff from a week
of staying here but actually is about to
die but we're going to go back to my
house now which I'm really excited about
haven't stayed there in two weeks or
giving in of mine and today I'm just
literally doing washing and editing this
vlog that is pretty much it I had a
little splurge in rush yesterday so I'll
sort of show you what I picked up so I'm
going to leave some of these things here
so then she picked up so he wanted honey
I watch the kids which I really like as
well actually starts going to stay here
and then heels they picked creamy candy
which i think is too sickly for me but
he wanted that one we went for bubble
bars because we like bubbles and I got
using in cocoa which is the yellow one
that's I like rose jam as well but using
Coco's really nice comforter is my
favorite
I got Twilight and a butter ball which
is great when my skin is very sensitive
like it's good for eczema
it is 5 plus 2 and then jeez just gone
to the land watch football or FC ball
has are playing today
so how's inviting to them watch it so I
was like baby model go because I've got
so much to do here so basically sorting
out all my stuff I just have so many
things I've accumulated like
like it just of just bit this is going
to be definitely to cut away actually
but yeah I don't really know how I'm
going to spend the afternoon tidying
basically so I catch up with YouTube
videos I want to watch them quite dry
times to myself so that any time to
myself in fact I might even off and read
many carry books giant bad bisexual I'm
going to do oh yeah I'm going to use
Twilight far from normal person over yay
I'm so excited to move on to some a
little boomerang so I missed it on that
vlog so I'm very excited for this I'm
going to read caring new book so I've
got this basket which is bedding a large
portion of it and stuff before I went on
hurl it I never did and this is all my
holiday stuff yep pretty much all my
holiday clothes swimming costumes and
everything and then my room looks like
this I still have a little bits in the
bottom there of that case but then I've
got all these things like stuff to make
my washing more manageable I've done
blues bedding pink white and black and
gray and I accidentally left a wash in
before we're away so that's annoying so
that's just mixed random stuff but yeah
well I'll get them in the end it is 2211
and that is first half of all my washing
we've just been watching Lavina in the
reunion
like didn't we switch isn't this ruling
the M&S videos i uploaded this week that
is a chance to win your own holiday shop
hamper so I would really love to see
your entries so I've been reading them a
week and I get to pick the one of myself
and I really love it if you wanted to
enter so that ends on Friday so go and
watch that video if you haven't seen it
already and then to the competition if
you haven't seen one meditators vlog
already then what are you doing
it's an hour long always as long as it's
bloody long I spent a long time working
on that CPC go and get that some love I
was going to give a love heart budget or
another corner rule anyway I'm going to
be doing a Q&A speaking of no sailors
I'm going to be doing a Q&A so I've
probably already asked for questions on
my Instagram so go over and leave a
comment there I'm going to have them all
in one place and then I will film that
this week
going to bed I will see you again later
in the week if not I'll see you next
Monday have a great week okay they have
a great time okay have a great week
see you soon bye
you
