good morning everybody it is Monday and
I'm exceptionally out of breath I've
been like running around the house this
morning trying to unpack as much as poss
we did a really good load through the
weekend and I'm quite happy with this
room
put a little throw in here and a cushion
in here and all this is now set up got
the mud or did I already film this I
don't think I did and this is my fridge
I am obsessed with this bridge I don't
actually know where I'm going to put it
like right now as it stands I kind of
want it here because I want people to
basically be able to get like a bottle
of water or a drink or as I know
something and also the milk obviously
we've got the coffee machine but look it
also has a freezer so I can keep ice
lollies in my office which makes them
very I need to empty it all out and I
need to plug it in but it's got feel
like it's an American plug socket note
European so I need to get an adapter for
that and then plug it in but I think he
would look cool just like here I don't
know what do you guys think it's quite
big that it stands out quite a lot I
mean sticks out quite a lot so I don't
know or the other option is in this room
which is such a mess I even get the
cupboard way through boxes or in this
cupboard I could just have it in here
which just means we can't I mean I could
have it in here but then it just means
you can't see it but I could have it
here and then open it
zwei Zumaya what do you think then you
can't see it and I feel like quite a
feature so I don't know I'm thinking
about it I'm also still unpacking stuff
like I just don't know how I have this
much stuff I've just started on books
through here I also have a million boxes
oh geez okay right I mean that's a
Christmasy box these are the
twenty-fifth today why do I feel like it
might be the 25th does that mean there's
six months to Christmas no don't worry I
haven't started the Christmas countdown
just yet although I would quite like to
point out the first time I watched elf
last year was June so I'm doing well so
far I haven't got a Christmas film on
yet I have watched the Christmas episode
of Gavin & Stacey though I'm not gonna
lie there's people in my house so I feel
very long they can probably hear you
like what is she doing who is she
talking to
I've gotten dressed and ready for the
day now it's very echoey in through my
hope you don't mind
all that bit of Fringe didn't want to go
over there did it I'm sitting down like
this because I have something very
exciting to tell you a lot of you have
been messaging me saying if there going
to be another book club I absolutely
loved your last two book clubs with the
buicks myth is there going to be another
one and the answer to that is from
you now by the way I'm not gonna make
you wait it's fine if you're probably
all wondering who else is part of the
solo and Friends foot Club I'm going to
give you a little rundown first up is
one is Amy or word if you are a follower
of mine you might already know Amy
because she was my editor for girl
online and I absolutely love my sheared
mouth like not just my editor but she is
my friend so she wrote potion Diaries
royal tour and going viral which is one
of her newest ones which is very
exciting
in pink and the last author to be
joining us as part of those I know
although I'm not technically classed as
a brighter name because I don't I don't
grow up here but I live there and you
know is also based Brighton so it's
called have someone else like close to
me who has joined er so there we go
those are the authors and not
I am going to show you the position we
start with ok let's start with
Jennifer's Jennifer's book is this one
by Gary each snip and it is called
orbiting Jupiter I think this looks
amazing
then let's do a me smack this is by
Emory Lord and this is the start of me
and you by the way I'm only going to
read you the titles because otherwise
this video is going to be so long this
one which I am currently reading I have
almost finished it I love it this is
also picked by Amy and this is by Emily
bar and it is the one memory of flora
banks next on to Chris's picks I love
the front cover of this one
this is by Bridget camera and this is
letters to the lost the darkest secrets
the senses blur oh my god this is just a
beautiful cover and the next one the
crisp pick is after the fire by it will
appeal and to nose pit we have this one
by adding Silveira and this is history
is all you left me again all love the
front cover of that one and her other
pick was this one by Pat Clark and it is
called girlhood which just I mean look
at this this is just this is great and
all the matches alike raised orbs are so
satisfying as always those front covers
are all exclusive to wh smith as part of
the book club which always makes me very
close if I see someone reading one of
them with the special cover I'm like
you've gone to W Smith and bought your
book club book will love it and the book
I have picked for the book club is Moxie
I love this book so much this is written
by Jennifer Matthew and it is about a
girl called Vivian who has basically had
enough of the very sexist and kind of
controlled environment that she has
within her school life and so she takes
it upon her
but to try and change that I just found
it to be a really empowering book I wish
I had read when I was younger I mean I
enjoyed reading it now I just wish I had
a read this when I was younger
I'm going to read you the back because I
feel like it gives it a great summary
Vivian kata is better so that was the
sexist dress code fed up with the growth
comments from guys during her class fed
up with her high school teachers who let
it happen but most of all Bibb is fed up
with always following the rules
fifth norm of the punk-rock riot girl
inspired inspiring verb to create Moxie
feminist theme that she distributes
anonymously to her classmate she's just
blowing off steam but other girls
respond and begin to spread the Moxie
message and then on the back it says
Moxie Girlz bite back and before bears
know that she has started with girl
revolution I really liked it because it
focused quite a lot on friendship I
really like that one of her friends
wasn't so sure about it sometimes I feel
like the word feminist does kind of
confuse people or they feel kind of
conflicted by what they feel that word
means and I feel like Jennifer really
addresses this very well in the book and
there's the kind of should I shouldn't I
is this going to work am I going to be
back like if anyone else in agreement
with me is this going to really make a
difference and I love following the
journey that she goes on not just with
what she's trying to achieve but also
within herself because I think she isn't
the sort of girl that would per self out
there in that way and you can really
tell that by doing this she's also
overcoming quite a lot of her personal
hang-ups as well which I also really
really like it has a little bit of
romance because you know everyone loved
a lot of story so yeah I just loved it
it was something different and I haven't
read anything like this when I was a
young adult I like possibly uh nano
anymore probably not but I I genuinely
think it's a very empowering book great
to bring awareness to equality and
feminism
and just to kind of know I I think it's
a salt book that should be passed around
and a lot of people should read it I
really really enjoyed it
I lost Jennifer's writing style her
characters are very vivid I loved Vivian
at the main character and generally I
don't like main correct I don't know why
I just don't I don't ever really like a
main character I will always like a
different character that doesn't have
such a big role within a book but I
really like the Vivian in the main
character and is already thoroughly
enjoyed it and I really think that you
guys go to has why I picked it so Moxie
that's one of the many reasons I like
doing this is because it opens up a
discussion about reading and about book
and about what people like or dislike
about certain books and I also just
loved how much you guys all love book
clubs it's so refreshing and yeah I did
love it so let me know what you think if
you've read any of these already and if
you recommend any or if there's any that
you're super excited to read yes a bit
then I will be thank you again this is
this is a blog so I've got more of the
day to go but yes I'm very very excited
and I hope you want to it's a bit later
on and I am currently trying to sort
much Oh No
hmm I'm trying to stop my office out I
just feel like it's a never-ending like
process I know it has to get Messier
before I get tidier I remember my dad
once telling me you can't make an omelet
without breaking eggs so I'm at the
breaking egg stage right now and I can't
wait to be on work you know actually
like on this which is weird because I
like cheese I like veg and I like eggs
and I would eat scrambled eggs with
things it's it's just an omelette I
don't know I digress so this is
currently what's happening in here focus
just just I mean I bought a massive
disco ball because I wanted to put it up
in here turns out it was way too big so
I think I'm going to have to like put
this in the dining room on the floor or
something I'm not too sure and I just
realized that I am a complete stationary
addict I hoard stationary so I have this
whole thing so I have this whole thing
full I have this that's full and bit
bees and all my sharpies and I've just
saw some more oh yeah over here no one
needs that many hens and felt tips so I
need to get rid of some I think it's
about time I also realized that I heard
washi tape I have a lot of washi tape
it's all very pretty I really like that
it fits in this compartment but I don't
actually remember the last time I used
washi tape maybe it's because I feel
like I couldn't find it it felt it is
normally the sort of thing that you
check at the bottom of drawer and never
find again because it's so small so I'm
wondering whether that happened so I
just kept buying more and more and more
and now because I'm having a massive
sort out it's all
here I think I have some sort of system
in my head but I have ordered loads of
acrylic Muji storage and I really want
to find my label maker I feel like I
can't label things
I'm putting like important documents in
these but I need to label those properly
because some of them don't matter in
them now and I've opened every single
box up here and my label machine is not
up here so I've obviously misplaced a
box so I think we need to choose hunter
that what I done in here today oh I'm
watching loads of like mining marked
logs which I think oh I'm really blue
which could be a bit weird but they make
me really healthy and I like this and
some in the background and it's like
good times it reminds me of funny things
so I think I've pretty much finished
these okay this lighting is crazy and oh
I put all these draw all the other
lighting semi-normal I don't know I fill
it gray I've put all these in here and
put loads of Stephanie ethic so I've
worked a lot a hoard stationary and I
hoard Christmas and Easter and Halloween
decorations because all this is
Christmas like how terrifying is that
that is horrific this attic space you
have to send when you're in here like
this I'm which kind of hurt then when
you have the look the heavy box you feel
like I don't know a crooked a crooked
old man or some face but yeah it's a bit
creepy so I'm getting out I think I'm
going to put all my filming lights and
tripods in here but so far we've just
got one lonely tripod and Alpha's lost
the top of it which makes me so sad
because they are the hardest thing to
find and I have no doubt in my mind that
he has
no idea where he put that anyway I'm
probably going to end this vlog here
because I'm going to have some food and
probably have a bath and go to bed
because I have to be up really early
tomorrow I'm driving to somewhere cool I
can't remember what it's called but it's
somewhere near Northampton for a meeting
and I have to be nekkid 10:30 so I think
it works out but I have to set off at 7
a.m. so I have to be up quite early so I
will of course bring you with me and I
will see you tomorrow
just let you know I'm being really quiet
right it's now 7:00 a.m. we're in the
car ready to go and it says that we are
going 146 miles apparently it's not
Northampton it's more north than
Northampton has just got back it was a
three-hour drive there and a three-hour
10-minute drive back which actually
wasn't too bad although the weather has
taken a turn and it's now like super
rainy but I kind of like it because we
haven't had like a rainy cozy day in
this house yet so I feel like now I can
turn on the fire and we can make it
really cozy and basically the whole
journey me and Kerri will get excited
about autumn and winter which is no
surprise really because we do anyway
when it gets to June it was a really
good meeting and I'm really happy with
it
and yeah I've got a few deliveries so
we're going to unbox those and then I
think I can have a bath because my legs
ache but look at this this is just a few
delivery we're going to try and get rid
of them quickly for Alfie get back get
so they're all gone it's going to be
like what the hell of you
only a couple of bit it's mostly office
storage to be fair probably wouldn't
excite Alfie but I'm not going to like
does excite me a little bit excuse the
fact I look like a cotton bud but I was
just editing the vlog and it ended so
abruptly
basically I open the boxes and I went to
bed I was so tired I'm so excuse the
fact that I have three cold sores in the
cluster on my lip it's so sore I hope
you enjoyed this vlog don't forget to
going to spend the day doing more boxes
in my office so a season goes by
