good morning guys I'm so tired
how tired you much oh that's a lovely
back you got buddy guys did you know
that Marcus once caught his back skin in
a car in the car hinge of the door he
caught his back skin how was that
love it yeah yeah I heading back to the
airport now
we go but we are where are you heading
and I am knock it it's Carly I'm +5 and
MUX begins the day to jog
Oh your fire engine haha black shit well
I'm funny my thumb extension let me see
that bicep Casper is still trying to get
in to do some it to us we don't know
what he luckily he hasn't managed to
break through yet she was trying to get
out 10 times still hasn't managed to I
can imagine he looks like John so let's
just call him John
when Jim is tired he looks like John
just the entire Drive so tight
my whole leg is dead literally can't
even feel it
guys what did we think a dog harness
Vanara absolutely no way no one want to
see that knowledge daily vlogs dog
harness yeah your honor what's that
knowledge new channel I will never
understand yeah we use queue up to get
on the plane all right there septum Jose
in there being all keen in there and
with this big old boots on I don't I
don't get it we're getting it now boo
have reserved seats us guys are doing it
right
just thought I'd update you that I am
about to wet myself
there we go
and we're back in London I've got my
snowboard just realize I still haven't
shown you mislabeled yet got my suitcase
got this bag got this bag got so much
luggage for three days and believe it or
not this one wearing right now was the
only jumper I took stupid went
snowboarding and I took one tiny little
jumper means I'm waiting now because
Thomas got a meeting with Zoey today so
we're both heading back to our house in
Brighton
so it's waiting for a taxi to come pick
us up he's not here yeah I'd such a good
time Jim did you have a good stag do
yeah thanks for inviting me
good bye guys so nice senior boys friend
on my camera good bye guys I'm back home
now and I put my hair up like this it
was out the way Worcester's on the
computer and I put it in with one of
Zoe's like little tiny elastic bands and
I genuinely can't get it out it hurts so
much so I'm gonna have to get her to cut
it out later like how old the girls do
that oh I did it yes finally that's been
in there for like two hours right
anyways guys I feel so weak
tired and sore from snowboarding and
sleepy and last night I need she got
like three hours sleep and the night
before I think I got like four hours
sleep so I've had like seven or eight
hours in the last three days so I'm
gonna have a nap now I said I was gonna
film a video and I've learned it tonight
when I go back I literally can't stay
awake so means oh he just planned a
video downstairs now I'm excited for it
and I think we're gonna upload it on
Wednesday now I know I haven't uploaded
on my main channel what does that bear
hair doing in a while go away in a while
and I'm so sorry so it is back that
killer hair for a long long time and I'm
honestly so sorry like I know I know I
know I need to get back into it
so I'm going to get back right into
every single Sunday without fail there
will be a new video every single Sunday
my main channel but do remember that
you've log in every day as well so it's
not like you're not getting videos I am
still uploading a lot of videos anyways
I'm gonna go to sleep because I'm even
holding this camera up H my arm so I'm
going to quit like 40 minutes hour nap
and then I need to edit nominated blog
I'll see you in a bit before gets lit
guys I just thought I'd let you know
feel so poorly like I don't if you know
but when you come back from a festival
and you just bite suppose different
because you drink a lot of festival I
wasn't breaking too much alright guinea
pigs and I wasn't bringing too much this
weekend or shoe shower just slip on ice
up in this oh yes my wallet upstairs
basically guys I'm going off to gbk now
to get us some dinner but I ordered that
I've got to get at a petite can't take
me there I feel so ill and just drained
I think my body's just not used to that
much exercise that being serious or
sounds like I'm joking but snowboarding
is blooming full-on or taxis ringing me
send this outside really full-on on your
body like really foot on like you're
constantly squatting down it sounds
difficult your legs you're walking a lot
but we walked so much everyday didn't
eat the most healthy food mom let me do
my shoes G BK g BK is ya know maybe you
excited you excited you excited or you
sleepy are you doing right guys also I
should actually just shown you can you
pass that sorry
that's exciting isn't that okay this
what arrived in the post today little
card Zoey got on his raft dear healthy I
spent nearly a year working and I'm so
just reading working on this and wanted
to send you a copy to eat your own
closest friends might I just add the
word own that's not even in there
one is tender coffee the eternal closest
friends miss you and see you soon hope
you enjoy it corner can you guess what
it is
can you can't open it Connor you're too
good at tying knots I actually can't
open it with one hand so can you help me
out
Christ you like my new ring I forgot
tell you about little finger ring the
other day hey there we go look I kind of
front his book a work in progress I love
that this is like speckled and like
slightly fearly do you like that look at
this I love it that's so smart to do
that look at inside he's just sick isn't
he Connor Franta
look at that I'm gonna have a good old
Ritu that I flipped for his oh he's one
a minute guy I like how sure his
chapters are like each chapters just
like a couple of pages I really really
like that anyways go check it out guys
he looks absolutely lovely I'm ready yet
but look at that look at that look just
looks good doesn't it right I'm gonna
eat this gbk then I'm gonna go to sleep
what else need to edit and upload the
daily vlog so II got half past nine and
I feel so well it is what it is so you
had a productive day
did anyone used to have this toads house
so you know I used to have that I'm
pretty sure I had it did you yeah mommy
if you watch in Texas always say anybody
fight yourself inside oh it's probably
no I did hundred percent you said that
so I'm like polisher you said that so
sick and the doors open they go through
to each side yeah yeah right anyways
guys I don't know why I vlog today as
usual today has been like I woke up I
haven't told you guys I won't cut I fell
asleep on the bed so he was having a
meeting downstairs and I woke up and I
legit thought I was gonna die no I was
in the most pain
I was in the most pain I've ever been in
in my life and I just screaming Zoe and
then she can hear me so I run her mobile
glad to come up he gave me some light
Renee Reni Reni this one here which
basically breaks sounds once they called
trapped wind
so I basically my stomach hurt so bad I
can't even describe like I literally
thought I was gonna die or something
anyways anyway it was that wind and it
was song but it wasn't just like that
wind I've never experienced that before
my life I think is I think it's because
I haven't drunk fizzy drinks and eight
oh my gosh that only a milkshake I'm a
drunk is events in eight months and then
I had fizzy drinks a lot like had beers
and then I also had like coats and
lemonade and stuff when I was row with
the boys anyways thank you so much for
watching today
if you enjoy that you know what today
don't give it a thumbs up I'll catch you
tomorrow
and sorry that I've been so stuck again
on my main channel I really really am
and I'm gonna get back into it and we're
gonna feel like me tomorrow we're gonna
film tomorrow and upload it on Wednesday
yes yeah get by then I'll see you soon
guys have you good night
