what's going on guys every time every
time we have cocoa in the background and
other people who are very tired and
probably want to be in the vlog right
now welcome to day one of the Japan blog
experience we're still here in America
Texas specifically we got this beautiful
chauffeur of a man
what do you weigh in there dad for you
just to show cloud and you look at this
look at you your question I'm not warm
up one knows anything can't wait to talk
to you all this is sitting by that by
that this is a cool thing this is where
you're supposed to leave now we're
inside the airport this is terminal D
here at the yet dallas-fort Worth
Airport at which page we are trying to
find Charles and Momo who you'll learn
about more as we continue these Japan
vlogs make sure I stick to them you got
to leave a like you got a comment and
let me know there's anything you guys
want me to see or anything that we
should do specifically while we were in
Tokyo or Japan will also be going to
Kyoto for today so let us know we have
made it on the plane
this place he literally monique decided
that he was going to help ourselves
applaud the previous person here has
left skillet there's lots of wine
bottles so now i'm just going a raging
alcoholic this no jovem you no one in
our do you get five cent for these five
cents the 120 what is that you know if
you put this the other 240 mixed numbers
around we can get another number like
402 other than that Monique in other
news we have thirteen and a half hours
applying to do
so I decided I'm excited I won't like
flame
yeah we like playing I don't know I mean
I'm a bird they they don't like play you
have an anthem done no we can we can go
into a chat room though with other seats
we're going out we're going to mess with
somebody and let them know that we love
them Union or for p-dogs this is my wife
Yumiko got twenty one thousand thirty
sixty any I need an expert in this is my
policy
she has replied yet but I'm still
hopeful there's still a chance they
break my heart you Miko hello statistics
and a half Palace Nate we're finally
landing the Cap'n
14 hours later finally landed in Tokyo
not that hot
it was pretty bad I can today with this
guy have today hey but we haven't gotten
do the words I know where you sleep
we have customs have logged a whole lot
you know there's been a lot going on
touchdown here the Tokyo Expo
we're not sake oh we're in now reach out
right now making our way Tokyo but we
should plow our rail pass that thing has
just that thing right there yeah we've
got a real passes now it's all situated
which is the head and I want to ride
that one that one's way cooler if we're
rushing like oh my god I must buy one of
those guy give back to America
I made it to our hotel an hour of
traveling after 14 hours of flying an
hour and a half this train ride over
here it's so raining people here in
Japan have these things called umbrellas
don't have in America crazy technology
engines I'm getting wet this view is
yoga what is that tower thing Tokyo
towers that's where this I should
probably give you the light back so you
apologize for like the sporadic vlogging
when you haven't slapped a whole lot in
like two days you know preparing for a
massive trip like this it's hard to find
the time to blog and then the time to
nap and then combine that with like 14
hours in the plane and like the Train
and like Tokyo is insane whenever you
start getting on the trains and you're
in the subway it was like we didn't even
know where to go at the time and we're
just like carrying would you look at
these few cases this is just one of them
this is big like this is I'm a fairly
tall human being man all right that's
like as big as my leg and so as you can
imagine you know like try to maneuver
through a place we've never been before
and obviously there's not a lot of
English
it was difficult and you we had zero
time to whip out the cameras and not to
mention there's like a hundred thousand
people shoulder-to-shoulder just like
trying to get to their trains make
things on time people walk three times
faster here it's almost like a light jog
it was absolutely insane but check this
out so the room is actually very small I
can't show you the bathroom right now
let's go to see Cho go poop this is this
is a closet I'll have you in check this
what is it all this is for putting your
shoes on all I thought it was like a
giant spoon for cooking oh we have a
safe inside of here so this is chocolate
ice bed
the boys are sharing a hotel room and
then the girls are like two rooms down
very small very cozy very studio like a
very nice little small TV there's like
one mirror it's a very interesting hotel
layout but you're not paying for the
hotel room not by a long shot you're
paying for this gorgeous and insane view
while you're staying in Tokyo just so
pretty
don't panic guys you're simple okay
Junko stop panicking don't try I was
like man I really hope I can up with my
blog content you know what I mean
because we're in a different place
you're in a hotel typically the internet
terrible so I'm just going to you guys
install it and let you guys go through a
live speed test of the open Wi-Fi here
at the hotel open Wi-Fi right so we're
going to begin our beautiful test here
and this is Wi-Fi open on my cellphone
not even my laptop which is going to
have a much better connection
check out this ping all right yeah
welcome sick King and you're like all
the downloads pretty good Oh 323 320 or
there's the upload look at that look at
160 cause again it was like 300 before
but that is stupid they're doing a
special on twins rolling
it's the most intense quiz you'll ever
be and I guess I can make this up man
only in Japan is on so visit a few
moments later alright guys so I don't
know what happened
it's only a 42 here in Japan back home
and Texas it what is it it's like a 14
hour time zone behind in Texas so I get
that right on time at my gosh okay
oh wait that means right now in Texas
maybe 648 yeah
in Texas it's 643 am and it's 8:43 p.m.
here in Japan didn't sleep a lot
clearly on the plane right here think
it's left like an hour kind of knows
those no dozed on/off and then just like
in the plane obviously was dead tired
but literally sleep so felt like just
garbage we were supposed to rest up like
30 minutes once we checked into the
hotel go out into the city of Tokyo find
some cool restaurant see that and I'm
going to bed I can't I can't physically
just like my brain is shutting off but
ladies and gentlemen this is day 1 of
the Tokyo vlog to Japan blogs and so
there was no little continent this of
Japan and it was more just a travel here
because the travel heel is just
extensive still awesome and thank you
guys and gals for watching this day
number one of the change of the Japan
trip if you enjoy vigil I've run down
below and subscribe have a wonderful fun
safe awesome date and make sure you
check back tomorrow from blog number to
heal of the Japan crazy stuff as you cut
this out this is going to hook my blog
and my reputation clean nobody don't
ever put it in a minute blog you're
going to don't ever put his thing I'm
your roommate and you are gonna miss
don't do it bang
