huh hey guys what's up is me Jer look
what I pulled out my little vlog camera
it's been a long time since I've logged
and I'm so excited I don't know if you
can tell for my voice like I am yeah I'm
just so excited I am on my way not on my
way but I'm heading out to coachella
2013 and so excited I haven't been there
before first time and I'm actually lucky
enough that i live like half hour away
from the actual festival so yeah I just
decided for this video today with a
perfect idea to show you guys what I
will be wearing this weekend since it's
going to be a three-day event and i'll
just show you you know what i'm actually
going to be wearing cuz i know i did a
blue cut-offs that you guys saw in my
spring lookbook video and then just
assorted bracelets right here just
random ones and then shockingly not
really i have on my leather shoes then i
just have on I don't know a ring like a
chela wrist bracelet / ticket and why
don't I just turn this over I'm just all
scatterbrained today cuz i am heading
out and i have to take some nutritious
pneus before i leave it it's carrot
cucumber celery apple I don't know just
letting you guys know doing a little
vlog ething let me know if you guys like
seeing vlogs I want to get used to it I
want to be better at blogging because
I'm so not used to it clearly but in
this video I thought it'd be perfect to
bring you guys along with me to catch
lfs it's it's my first time you guys can
experience this with me together close I
hope you enjoyed this video and let's go
I just passed a little like
small entrance where you had to show
your little wristband so I'm here all
I'm thinking is how are all of these
cars going to get out of here scary ah
so I have no idea where i'm actually
going i'm just kind of walking following
people i'm gonna meet some friends up
there so let's do this
stay to of coachella high five but this
is my offer of the day for the day
number two and I just have on this
graphic cross shirt you guys saw this in
a previous lookbook I believe it was a
spring lookbook I haven't really warned
this out much except for that video so
I'm excited to wear this out I got a
little short though because I washed it
but aunty shorts and I'll actually talk
about these shorts more in a future
workout video that I plan on doing
because these are one of my favorite
just like comfortable out of shorts
they're super lig lightweight and there
for working out but I mean you can
always wear these out to of course so
I'm gonna you know where my favorite
shorts they're from Lululemon and then I
have on these just more bracelets say
bring ahead on yesterday changed it to
my black converse because if i show you
like yesterday i'll show you guys were
these the leather ones and look how
dirty they got because it's like you're
in sand and grass and yeah so just gonna
wear least i can just throw in the
washer and i have on a headband to i
swear you guys it looks like i'm working
out but I'm you know you're dancing
moving around so you want to be really
comfortable and I just have this
headband on because my hair is
definitely grown out more and then I
have on these um clubmaster sunglasses
and that's it so I am heading out right
now and I'll catch you guys there see
you tomorrow
and
Oh
you
alright it's day three last and final
day I'm kind of bummed out about it but
let me just get right to the outfit of
the day for today for today yeah I have
ones and then i have my grass take a
t-shirt right here which actually forgot
I had this but it says one love then
just the same bracelets that I had on my
cutoff pants which I'm really proud I
actually turned out and they're just
they wear long pants I turned them into
shorts and then I have on my high top
white converse with a few studs in the
back and then yeah that's it actually
have a black backpack that I'm going to
take and I'm going to add this right in
there and I'm gonna wear this at night
when it gets a little more chilly so
this is like kind of how my night
outfits gonna look like I guess with
this slouchy beanie and then my backpack
uh-uh all right i'll see you guys there
No
Oh
Oh
yeah so I hope you guys enjoyed this
little mini vlog here let me know down
below if you guys enjoyed and don't
forget to subscribe if you haven't yet
and also the third winner of my giveaway
has been chosen third week I can't
believe it but that person is going to
be announced on my blog at yahoo.com if
you guys just s'alright on the screen so
go ahead check it out and once again
it's been reset there is going to be a
fourth winner next monday seems to have
a chance just got on my blog and see all
the instructions directions and all of
that good stuff so take care i will see
you guys very soon
