what's up guys hello beautiful Tech to
people how you doing welcome to a bug
yeah I thought I'd brought today because
we're doing playing exciting so give you
a quick intro it's happened a long time
ago about a year ago a family friend of
mine runs a charity pen it's really
great it's like an auction and people
ultim things off from ready to load my
charity yadda yadda yadda and he asked
me if I was gift something to auction
off so going out for a meal and I was
like yeah well well of the idea so I
said yes forward a year we tried to get
the date in a few times it's been
changed but actually happening now and
instead of going for dinner
I thought it'd be nice to describe
people by going bowling so rather than
dinner we're gonna go bowling so I think
there's three fans come in and we're
just gonna hang out and go bowling and
have some food whilst bowling and stuff
like that so I thought I'd give the
bloggers a quick intro and then it's
probably going to go over to his hands
because he's going to be holding the
camera you can't hear right now she's
editing yeah we're going to paint
holding I'm also quite competitive
I don't want whispering as if they're
like in the room I thought I should be
nice and be like ah I'm really bad
rather than just giving it my everything
and go you're good
are we putting the sides up actually not
well I won the band is like oh I
included the sides up then I will ah do
you think you're good but my dad was
really good
bowling actually it passed down the jeez
I don't know that here so I have no
mould Adam you know
always going to move in there I love
those are a happy nut most likely thank
you coming guys
only if you get a boulder remember
what's your name is it going to put you
on the spot far too long it's a victory
Verity food names are complete here we
go unhand me often got enough long and
Kelvinator ablative year it is always
late number four we've chosen a bowling
name
here we go no no there's no guys that
note no one's playing with the sides off
I don't think they'd do the same guide
voice for him
so we already decide on hello what
position are you going to come solid
second Verity what position but Harry
what position Wow look I'm Dorothy Lane
I better start going again now finding a
key to put aside Roxas people want to
finger a game of bowling do not you are
not allowed to use that if anyone's
using our parents that is not acceptable
now it's not acceptable guys maknaes
asked for you they set out for you
azar what position do you thing you're
going to come ah ah you're everyone else
is like first Harry this side confident
when I'm ready you ready I'm going on
how much fun of Jiwon
Oh Harriet oh look it looks a lot better
than it was actually gonna be is he
gonna get a spare or is he going to be
left in despair oh oh he's messed that
up big time disappointing
who's up now we've got hairy nose done
his YouTube channel here we go let's see
do some stuff oh oh I've been again that
means you have put that Beaufort matte
to shame but it Oh fine don't worry
we'll let your fur let you are
if only the sides are up guys right
who's that we know here he goes it's the
big man here we go hello pressure
oh yeah oh hey thanks me Harry's on my
side I'm loving this now you're
especially gonna do how she gonna do
birdie
Oh steady oh that was close just a
little bit more straight you can still
get a spare oh yeah
well Czar's off the flying start by eg
get Ella's up there we go there's a long
old run-up oh good fastball no
disappointed in that one second go is
she going to get a spare oh that was a
very high mold straight down this so
very dairy Deary me victory Verity
you're up here we go Oh the run-up is in
- OH oh my god what a technique I've
never seen something quite so dramatic I
have never seen a holding technique so
there watch out the right hooks come in
oh oh oh my god she's gonna break the
fruit okay hi it's closed between Matt
and me flip are a tool match just ask
the third time flip the sides up you
know your places besides are up I'm just
saying I'm not in Prak somebody oh oh oh
that's the funny strike and it's bad Oh
indeed blaming the ball now I've heard
it all right you can be blame the shoes
in a minute
oh man how'd it feel to get a zero is
nine did you yeah there we go
now we've got the sides up let's see
what he does oh wow Wow
bouncy milk bouncing you even aimed for
the side oh dear oh yeah not happy of
that he's ruined it
yeah I just get a strike market yeah
that's a bullet strike he threw off the
side I'm just gonna leave you guys up to
tell a friend subscribe :
Oh our communist actually improved the
technique she has all she are too much
spin get rid of that spin here we go any
better any better
oh my god that could be Oh Oh
so there's a real fight going on here
all right so as it stands it's quite
close but matters what strike is he
going to match it but at the moment
Ellie's win it both followed by Harry's
no Matt then Harry there's what's your
sweaty side bowl again go on ready look
at that that is so sad ha ha ha you aim
for the song like he ain't here he's
like this all right just watch towers
run I'm just doing an update that's what
I'm doing Zara
what's her run
you do a bit better if you didn't run
like that
remember that David Guetta song called
sweat I just wanna make you sweat sweat
sweat sweat sweat
be flopping boys a girl is he gonna do
it is he
oh oh no it's not 9191 oh it's very
funny
go then night that I can cover
I was the head eager Ella though she
could feel the show that's why scary
Oh Dora performing quietly over there
there's no run up there just your arm
motion oh my god she nearly made a hole
in the floor this is a big moment this
is the winner
oh she's blocked she's flopped Oh is she
gonna make up with a bear oh oh oh what
does that mean you're on Oh 93 all right
guys we got one ball left twenty matter
if you get a strike you can technically
get you get three bold you could get
three strikes and take it home it could
be a possibility
come on buddy believe in yourself oh
there's that start oh my god what'd you
say
keep that head down buddy
keep that head down the question is
could Harry beat you if you get strike
are as you can beat man come on dude you
got them
go on go on
oh okay okay
is whirring he is whirring I was worried
I think it I think you have another Bowl
you have one more Bowl did you got a
bear you got another Bowl
here's wipe the floor with you Jordan
hurry
Oh mr. Bates right
what finish as a very strong very strong
strong carry to be the style of winner
may burn away you didn't say well and I
being a witness in Oregon the expert the
moment of truth are you going to take
the pressure are you gonna flop
so sorry that is very hard to get fair
very hard ready
oh that was close
America you got sticks to beat Zahra
she's coming for you you can do it I
believe in you
oh here we go moment a true
ah there it is alright we don't even see
Matt on there what was your score 98 you
are oh yeah you and 98 yeah Harry and
Harry NoZe of God don't cry - that was
98 I'm Harry
102 1 116 Zara 17 ever Mela 102 flopped
in the last bowl
I'm Verity 79 you just confirmation
winner winner
EMA Pippen annual success and now I'm
back home after a fun Victoria
with all the different people Harry was
12 and the girls were 16 and 17 so it's
really like nice that then we just sat
down and chatting for like half an hour
just about YouTube and like life and
stuff tonight it was a fun day
so thanks for those guys to come I hope
you guys enjoyed the vlog use video
times we've enjoyed it and if you want
more blog give it a thumbs up about to
film some videos now which you will see
in the next few days all right mate
