hello and welcome London
today I thought I'd show you a day in
the life a very busy day in the life of
a bouquet of nails logo so here I am in
the city of my home country and nothing
else
so I have met up with Luke and we've
just done and it's also to shoot in
Notting Hill this is why you don't meet
up with strangers on the internet
because you'll meet weirdos like me who
asked you to take pictures of them for
their Instagram so we've come to a place
called farm girl um and I'm very excited
so we've got a few Facebook
I mean vloggers a student's the graphics
why do this looks amazing
Arcadia headquarters I thought so la you
know and you do that thing when you're
like I know what I'm doing something I
didn't I didn't know it's all a bit of a
history first got a bit wrong I always
think like bloggers that like got so
much starving but their life together
and I definitely do not we made it so
we've arrived at the Arcadia press event
just having a look at the hot man he
collection that is absolutely not
but you can get on the high street as
well that's really cool I want to go to
prom like six times that I can just
where you should be and Burson equally
amazing these velvet these are
incredible
I wish I had a reason to wear velvet
suit I just feel like I don't which
makes me very sad
I mean I can wait here yeah yeah yeah I
thought about over the salt mines
closest I was like I get to keep boring
and I think I got a excites it can be a
candle boring I just wanted to keep
going forever and did all of it looks
incredible well so we are finish up at
Arcadia and we're now heading to our
next port of call
oh yeah we changed our place mostly
where do we go visit laundry now movies
personnel and and we're going to are
busy are you I feel like
shall I begin oh so we have come over to
you who you are
like gee martini whether you're gone for
now my god
we are we invoke
please signal trees I'm probably going
to put the camera down
goodbye I just log okay so I've let the
peace movement and I'm now legging it to
problem garden I've got 15 minutes get
the event and apparently where I'm going
is my 15 minutes away so and hopefully I
get in because the ancient closes at
7:15 I don't think I'm going to make it
and then I'll be
I've got a French judge on three classes
of them instead hello and so I have
finished that what then I've left most
like a new friend I didn't know anyone
who was there
it really does are how you can be
intimidated by people who do exactly the
same thing as you do I don't know why I
noticed that who I saw
that's a bit of a loner be honest myself
a little bit looser it was a really cool
event and the new swatch and items are
really for the performance it was like
an interpretive dance kind of thing
which is pretty cool really different I
see I've never been that as log event
there it's been like that it was yeah
we're growing up I haven't even pressed
the button on the blooming I've just
been standing it right but yeah thank
you very much Keep Watch
having me as well as review and Arkady I
perfected
good morning
so last night was really fun oh please
put the air keys in there usually at
college I'm a mid Fridays I don't get to
go to be thing and phytic today I guess
they are a cheat day
oh good I mean I wouldn't recommend
looking or driving someone get the maple
syrup because this essay is utter waffle
okay I went to the library my college
library from all Ballack half a tutor
o'clock my legs are exhausted from
walking around London all day yesterday
like I'm literally so unfair I've got
blisters all over my feet from my shoes
eventually I will learn that if you
don't wear socks and then walk around
all day you will get blisters
occasionally bloggers like myself um
really really fortunately are sent
things from very strange brands I've
been really lucky this week and I've
received quite a few deliveries and so I
thought I'd do a little bit of blogger
nails and if that's all right with you
trying to get back into running so that
is definitely going to motivate me to go
I've meant to go this morning and I mean
I didn't next up one of my favorite
tuned to my blog for that next up it's
quite a few here and this one I believe
is from Orion lab series and I've got
New York is very did my heart my skin
has been really really bad this last
week so I'm looking forward to saving my
skin so thank you that series for
looking after me because I can't do it
myself
next up I got some gift bags from the
event so I went yesterday so firstly we
can't go wrong laughter then
and next we have I did such a bad job of
that let me try again the skin
connection I'll conclude with that bye
swatch and this is the other end lemon
tea so desperately not to rip it we
don't the kind of pipe is up and all the
train home but I vote for next time so
thank you very much box that is lovely I
can't refuse those and then we have this
one and it is big and purple and fragile
apparently look at this so this we're
sensing by Cadbury let me show you
cremate essential this chocolate bunny
cool it's popping candy flavor oh my god
and then there's these mini bunnies and
you could put these ones like so when
you have your Easter Sunday roast in it
you could put one of these on everyone's
camera battery died and I just wanted to
double my body weight in chocolate so
see you later
I completely forgot to mention yesterday
that my new blog post went live I upload
new blog posts every Thursday and this
is yesterday's one so it's a photo diary
of my trip to stratford-upon-avon yeah
just some pictures if you want to have a
browse it the Jack experience double
coat at UK
can we just take a minute to appreciate
this sky well and that concludes today's
video I hope that looks as cool as I
feel like it it may be I should
acknowledge the fact that I currently
look like a smurf I'm just feeling blue
that the vlogs ending haha just kidding
and I've tried out the lab series face
mask I've never used the face mask
before but it feels like it's doing
something
mostly because I can't move my face I
think I might rub this off and then
finish the video my rain water back and
my face it feels like a baby's butt
however that feels thank you very much
for watching this day in the life and
can I just say that this is not an
ordinary day in my life by any stretch
of the imagination this was a
particularly fun day I wanted to
document and obviously I do know how
completely and utterly lucky I am to get
to do these things I count my lucky
stars every single day I'll also leave a
link to Luke interim accountant at him
to go to a few blog events yesterday his
blog is one of the dogs that inspired me
to create my own so it was really cool
to meet him please
definitely go and check out his content
for next week's video I'm going to be
doing a Q&A so if you have any burning
questions that you'd like to ask me then
the coins it down below or tweet me at
Jack Ben Edwards
and I will save them all and answer the
best one thank you once again for
watching this video don't forget pretty
bit like if you liked it and subscribe
some more I make new videos every Monday
and new blog posts every Thursday in the
meantime have a lovely day and I will
see you next time bye
