so 3:00 a.m. this morning an alarm
started going off in our house and woke
everybody up we were awake for like an
hour and 15 minutes 3:00 a.m. so the
last thing I felt like doing this
morning was go for a run let's do some
laps on the garden to wake us all up
come on Sean when you do two laps and
the garden come on need to wake us out
get this get this run get the run in
you're meant to be doing it as well come
on come on come on one more lap I don't
think that's the fastest running Zoe
yes we're meant to be up at 6:00 running
what are you doing he's done the two
laps you ripped now Sean yeah from that
run close were planting going you have
to reach it them watered is it
watercress no it's like water babbling
water off it you can't start the day
without a morning backflip
all right let's go we're all good we're
ready it's time for breakfast today
we're switching things up a bit
papi and I you know how competitive we
are we literally turn anything into a
challenge you do would you know we're
doing Bobby's can turn this into a
challenge of who turns it into a
I mean poppy has a food blog a website I
mean not I've read it or anything that
would probably help and I don't even say
this you have not made it that this cute
this is okay not it's not you think it
I don't know I'm doing this you know
what these are blackberries blueberries
honey strawberries raspberries we've got
these got bowls these are nice aren't
they
I see oh that would help with next spoon
how are we going to do this we don't
want at a time a little spoon how are we
going to do this well whatever wait no
now probably gets so excited let's do it
eat your hair do you want to take turns
doing this I don't even so you make your
mother from say a beastie affair I
should do my fur for saying that you do
yourself I'm going to go out the rhythm
for five I mean the gardener member
leave the camera view you make a bowl of
cereal and then get that and then I'll
come back in to make mine now I'm poppy
she's probably going to make some like
fancy like a blueberry inside a
strawberry in place on top it's not all
about the aesthetics it's about what it
tastes like you know got to have a
delicious breakfast in the morning to
get you up get you energized get you
back to put on the trampoline and that's
kind of like pop is first cooking
YouTube video or bees or any moment you
think
mine's getting better national Watts
make it at the same time no I see and
that is what your Savior gonna work
better together know who don't work as a
team it's 19 top is called him back in
because she thinks it's going to be
better if we make the food at the same
time I wouldn't see what you're doing
because you're that competitive you
can't even make a bowl of cereal without
me hard right I'm going to start making
mine then you can pop it let me see what
pop is doing and then I can take her you
catch at six oh that is right that is
what we call well you're making using
some piece of art that doesn't make it
taste any better just remember that
remember that one will taste your mind
open heart
you never so normal here it always -
extremely yeah but are you doing yoga or
are you gonna milk yeah stage one
complete we've got the cereal there
half-and-half in mind
I meant the decorating if you're also a
double cereal person like me I'm
actually honest I've never actually had
I've never had two shows at once or are
playing a risky card here cornflakes and
Special K new you have it all with its
night trying to happiness 5050 but we're
not doing like a level I mean we're dog
in breakfast what's the time 909 is
already late well maybe having breakfast
right 7:30 look how cute this little
milk jug is mixer row okay I'm going in
like a baby I'm gonna have some of these
as well I love the difference now yes I
guess because I like blueberries I like
blueberries but you can't eat my cereal
that might look so good
if I look so good that you're trying to
eat it why are you get spacing them out
why are you judging my breakfast you're
swapping out you're trying too hard you
know you are this is a weight economy
there we go look at out that looks so
cute
nothing I've got and then mine is done a
drizzle of honey I'm so happy with life
very well maybe their breakfast just
standing up I eat my breakfast on the
sofa no no it's gonna have some vine how
we rating these I think pure taste
I don't think aesthetics comes into it I
think a bit in 50 oh by noticing oh yeah
no it's nice it tastes nicer who doesn't
we know it doesn't act guys not that do
not listen to that fact
okay si for our choices right obviously
you're going to say yours is good it's
going to be good of course it looks at
this is how it is yours does look very
good it's also going to taste some rich
but it's not going to certicates mine
here we go
no question I'll get a little bit of
everything don't lie as well you've got
to actually say I like the crunch of the
bunching that I like is a fruit the only
thing I don't know how keen them on is
you're going to say smell yeah I'm
always milk always milk
so I'll probably rate that solid three I
joke it no being serious
I would eat that for breakfast that
tastes really good however if you switch
the yoga out with milk I think it would
be nine out of ten maybe even the pain
that's my favorite fruit as well you're
just missing Madonna
remember they eat it up remember you
need just stop although it is breakfast
time we've spent so long we've spent so
long making these that were like when
you have to enjoy in a second just
remember the minds got the duo blend the
double lid open glow dry heart Special K
half cornflakes banana blueberry drizzle
of honey mm-hmm
you ready open your mouth now I know you
have to get a bit of everything on there
that's important okay I'm a suburbanite
yeah the milk of cereal ratio is good
that's good right
banana no it is that that banana is
going to give you the energy to get this
battle on the rumbling it to wake up in
the morning I wish you could try some
what you didn't make mine a chair oh
I'll get that a seven are you sick yes
that's all you hated yeah yeah
how would you do what was it that what
got the others to decide yeah I'm eating
mine yeah before I clear up all of this
and put all the fruit back in the fridge
and everything I want to see you guys
upload your favorite cereal using the
hashtag because young Bobby and I'm
going to be checking them out we're
going to be replying to some bit with
some of the instagrams papi says she
wants to see aesthetically pleasing
pretty ones I just want to see recipes
that taste good like who would have
thought that mixing this and this would
have been delicious you never know what
about you mix this and this this and
this
we mix three of them I'm going to order
this later guys tweet us your pictures
Instagram us your pictures look good
poppy Cup so what so many different
fruit options for the video today I now
get to put all of this back in the
fridge and I can use it tomorrow for my
breakfast if not taking this home boy
shall I leave out to Shawna Zoey I'll
put it back out sheron's I was still
getting ready can we just talk about how
savage that looks like serious I just go
get ready for the day
six minutes - for my next meeting is at
four o'clock I had three meetings so far
today edited the vlog and uploaded or
scheduled today is being incredibly
incredibly productive but damn just
about to jump into the last meter which
i think is going to about three hours
long hello hello I've got a very hungry
looking pug next to me but I'm trying to
work out whether you've already fed her
or not because she's looking very she's
looking very hungry but I don't know if
she's trying to trick me no okay what
the bloomin net you doing I thought you
were having a day of meetings Alfie why
are you in the car why is that guy
looking at me vlogging hey man I'm just
I'm just blogging you know I think I've
gone crazy from being in meetings all
day 10:00 to 7:00 my blog went up it
went up an hour late because I
accidentally I thought my laptop I
thought my blog had finished uploading
so I closed my laptop didn't realize it
hadn't finished uploading it's 94%
uploaded I'm sorry that yesterday's
video was an hour late I'm not even
going to try and explain legitimately
was ready to go up and I accidentally
did some it's stupid which made it an
hour late anyways if you're wondering
why I'm in the car by myself I am off
for dinner
with my mum I don't even actually know
I'm assuming my mum my dad poppy
Shaun my uncle my auntie maybe two
cousins I have no I love honestly have
no idea the only thing I know is that
I've got a text from my mom saying I
know you've had a mad busy day etc but
just in case you can make it this
evening this is where we're going with
Tim Julia and you Lee okay so one of my
cousin's Julia's come in latinoamerica
Argentinian restaurant booked for 8:00
p.m.
apparently that's where I'm going don't
even don't even know already has never
even been there before jumped in this
car because all Range Rovers got some
issues the exhaust filter needs changing
or something I don't know it's called a
warning son and car don't want to drive
it for warning signs so I'm going to cut
off to Range Rover probably tomorrow and
anything else need to update you on I
think that's
it I think that's it we just got in now
but can we take a second to appreciate
my parking space I'm parked here
evidently look they're not there there
that that is where we're going for
dinner tonight and I blew it
it's got a bloomin best parking spot you
can get these are up to try and not get
invited I've also got Shawn toothbrush
because we left our house your starters
have arrived this is cheese no I've got
rice pudding guys what about you of war
what from you TW it's grandma can you
take a picture oh your video no we watch
love island which I do love so much and
then I just fell asleep on the sofa
literally garland Zoe who was asleep on
the sofa well I don't even know I'm
saying I continually beyond tie it like
I don't I never feel like this
absolutely knackered and somehow
remembrance end the vlog my if you've
enjoyed the video
oh sorry trying to end my video seek
release and just by depending with the
lights off if you enjoy that give it a
thumbs up subscribe guys if you're not
already we are so close to four million
we're less than $15,000 from four
million to go down below subscribe if
you know already and I'll see ya see in
the morning don't forget you stashed I
presume as one tweet us your cereal
recipes I'll see in the morning guys
good
