hello everybody how's it going I'm in LA
yeah get me I've always thought I'm
gonna Saturday I'm in LA for like well
actually in this side the world poor
there is there is it really is so I
don't know I'm doing in terms like DD
brilliant stuff but I bought my camera
I'm like look you know what sometimes on
my vlog someday it might be every day it
might be a few days in one like I'm just
gonna take it with me and see what
happens we got here last night kind of
late also tell me if you think it is
really keen guys so me and Matt there's
Matt by the way trying to say hi hi mate
we have we play fifa a lot so this is a
work trip is I work fun trip so it's
like working we bought my playstation
with me so we can continue our fifa
tournament that's quite sad isn't it we
actually played so many games last night
last night thing we played six games you
again so Aloha video no you oh cuz I
yeah she I was because I didn't want to
play him that's like one more woman I'm
not oh I just wanted to bed oh he inject
like them that is true yeah because we
ended up going to bed about 12 and
managed to sleep front i woke up at
seven so that's pretty good for your
first day in LA we need to like go and
do food shopping and bara so we're going
to go and grab breakfast first do a food
shop and it also got lunch with a friend
called brent as well is already realized
he's made a mistake i'm looking at the
English he just needs so in LA one thing
i remember in june miss a single june
gloom which means i don't know a guest
of the light pollution and stuff which
every the whole of june so up until
midday 12 o'clock it's not very sunny so
it's very cloudy and grey and looks a
bit like England that she and i look at
the Weber and it's going to clear up
later but right now it's not so I'm just
wearing jeans and then Matt was in
shorts and here's like look time I was
like you look very English map
no you should have that you've really
shouldn't there is looking a lot less
English oak so yeah look at this slope
I'll give you guys tour later but you
walk straight in the door there's a
lovely little sofa bed that is what i
mean by June gloom you look up and
you're like are cool la great weather
but imagine if we didn't know about June
good do I told Matt Matt's no me de la I
didn't believe he didn't believe me
imagine if we came right yes son every
day then we're like oh hello's cool yes
yeah well I hope it will get sunny for
your sake yeah because I started it
doesn't want to get tatted but this is
the whip by the way look at that whip
it's really annoying in America well
first of all with parking on the road
you got to be really careful because
they always do a street cleaning and
stuff so you've got to make sure that
you can park where you parked yeah it's
really known as well when we went to
pick the car up I pre-booked it
and because you're under 25 which makes
no sense me that you can't really get
like any card that's the only color you
can get me that's the biggest that's for
video start you can get unless you're
over 25 but I don't get it it's like in
America from nerds drivers 16 gone yet
why they funny with us when we come over
and drive food has come and I couldn't
decide by one so I went to one like a
smaller version so what's ain't called
protein scramble eggs chicken broccoli
asparagus also gone almond pancake on
the side which I've had these here
before it's amazing would you get mad
yeah but tell them I I did explain how
to practice your essays you like oh
yeah- Ross I was like you know Madison
toy box that looks so so it's not even
sunny in LA but because we both got a
sunglass on and when la we're like let's
just do it because we're in LA right
well then he was so keen without new
sunglasses in LA when the weather's like
that you guys know why we're going here
it's like my favorite place in the one
in LA it is the place we gonna do food
shop all though we're not really doing a
massive fish of it's just more like
snacks and drinks and a little bits like
that if I like keep hobbling when I want
this because I am walking with them
I this is this is how I'm actually
ballgame
water water water and I only take
showers if it's fiji water
see what we got so far I've chosen some
beers match chosen some beers got blue
breeze got cashews bananas apples
avocado guac and salsa all very healthy
so far always found something he likes
to per session to coconut water is Mitch
that's favorite it comes to our mind and
just drinks all my ghost wearing my
fresh I drink o convoy it's great for
hangover I don't know if it's great
drink it straight away and cures here Oh
factory arms welcome i think anyone that
really struggled to lift his suitcase
yesterday and he always thought about
having strahm's but he definitely
doesn't always really having a bad time
man so beef jerky is like a popular main
session amount
look at this salmon jerky I'm not even
doing understanding this far away I can
smell the fish I can interest mount
smelly fish a lot more full up now we've
got loads of ice I've gone all out look
how good it is I saw this cold brew
coffee I was like obviously I love
coffee as I have to try that I got four
kombucha as you guys know I love my
kombucha and then we got loads of like
snacking Chris got loads of protein down
their eggs load stuff till eight a
trolley boy Matt the trolley boy Matt
the trolley boy the trolley boy this
guy's I found the phone plugs into here
and we got speakers all for the picture
so cool okay that definitely scares me
is this like a bomb shelter oh my god oh
my god definitely going on now for a few
drinks what did I say look guys
literally it's more times in at eleven
o'clock and we have got some baby that
is what you want for your car isn't it
but you just all go in places if you're
cause like that for you Joe and Caspar
it's for you so I asked for an iced
americano you know just to standard item
marathon as you've got a nice in turn
violent it is literally everything in
the world it's like a basic line of
coffee and I only had a coffee couple
hours ago so the straw doesn't even
really fit the glass yay whoo parking
ticket yeah what is why can't we park
here I really cannot complain right now
guys I'm lying on a Sun bed and where I
mean we both fly on sunbed not on a
sunbed we were on separate some bits
that's over here working outside in the
Sun but life's pretty amazing right now
there we go Oh Dan's gonna be in
yourself
Oh
very cool
so we're we're going to set them on
tonight cuz she was it we're going to
see it get star pop star we're gonna get
food as well before there's like this
viewpoint I remember in LA that was
really close to where we're staying so I
said I'd Drive and try and find it which
we're doing now and we're literally in
lot in place with Laurel Canyon going
through like the most narrow little road
you're like don't even know is going on
i'm a bit on edge the middle on edge but
like you can see each rose that is and
if you bump into another car I'm driving
very slow obviously it's a bit like oh
but hopefully we'll get this viewpoint
that I can remember I look down there
that's just yeah cool cliff okay cool
yeah all right we're here I'm just
getting out the car for blood seems you
it's like a little secret pot so not
many people have seen this right come on
Matt how crazy so when I lost was here
this was I don't always gone on head
this view is just crazy man is absolute
madness pretty fine yourself people
watching Matt takes that I've never seen
Matt takes outfit he gets nervous to
take a selfie pose going on a venir a
proper little pout going on that will
you do both on the view then views from
the 6 speechless merit a 9.5 on time
taking point five no I mean I couldn't
predict this I mean bit chilly when
you're out by a little bit on the old
nip
look at that view beauty that pole right
there love it so we're in the grove and
general is how cold and they just
suddenly brought we're like yeah we left
I was like yeah we don't need we don't
need jumper Stevie yes we bloody do
tonight is really good like really good
value bono order small popcorn eleven
dollars worth her mmm back in bed this
bed is like the comfiest bed in the
world film was okay when see pop star
the lonely island film 10 super tired
fell asleep and that says lost two films
fulness even sin one which I never do
but it was good like it's really really
cool they've done a film but I was a
little bit disappointed didn't point it
that funny but it was still fun of me a
cheese get back tree burnout a giant and
I want to go to bed so I will see ya
tomorrow with another video peace out
bye
