ah no that was welcome to the vlog guys
how are you baby is already look at this
she's taking over let's the whole
counters baby baby but Dad did she's not
even here yet
got more blanket to the main kind of
starting today's vlog exactly where we
left off yesterday we did a current day
update vlog and I'll see you soon okay
Nancy later I don't mean a while it
about destiny let me have you on the
side I know I can't wait to hug you
straight on like we have to go look
watch this is where we would hit boom
just a huggie something you ladies have
fun now keep it keep it dry what the
heck why is it so where it's so holy it
is yeah I've seen a bit don't worry
about us we love ya alright boys
it's just up hey mommy's gone you know
what that means
do you know what that means that means
we can do whatever we want
yo we got the house it's all ours I got
an idea
don't you want you wanna do it I'll show
you yeah I can along this this it's
going to be our dumbest idea ever
alright first of all guys hope you're
having an awesome day and it's been
raining literally consistently all day
through the night we lost if you watch
yesterday's vlog our tent was completely
destroyed and and honestly it just won't
quit raining it's crazy the pool is
going to be over for hon okay here's my
idea guys this is right pretty dumb
first of all have you seen I got this
crazy little thing toolbox with no tools
in it yet what country has its own
drawer check this out oh can you take it
now look at country straw
boom anyways here's my idea we have this
gigantic roll of bubble wrap that
production left here at my house and I
was just thinking like mom's gone
Britney's gone like everyone's leaving
so me and the boys could do like boy
this is voice bubble wrap like boys love
bubble wrap so my thought is maybe we
take it inside and do the whole house
or at least the whole role inside this
is getting the biggest lightest object
haha
okay so this right here is my idea
bubble wrap in the house like we unroll
it cut it unroll it cut it cut it cut it
you want to well how much of the house
could we do i I don't think it's as much
as it look I mean that's a big role but
alright bring it on in bring it on and
you can't tell Brittany about this it's
a secret it's a secret I'm up throw your
phone out yeah you got it
oh geez oh I already bought one come on
flash push push miss oh thank you hang
on hang on back it out back it out there
we go yeah do it it looks bigger than
the house I thought it would be that's a
lot that's a lot of bubble wrap what do
you have to do it disappeared I saw oh
that's great oh there's give me the most
annoying look like a quitter
I think we have enough to do we probably
can do this whole I think we should
start in that corner and just work our
way down and cut it pull it pull it pull
it pull it pull it through this whole
area and pull it down pull it down to
Chinatown old man oh my god
and they're sure
I'm looking Cain realizes we're trapping
him in there okay you try it you're
trapped is bubble City bubble rat city
here's this it's like the best home
security right there you pick that you
put that around every door and you would
hear somebody coming in try to come over
your might be light enough you can creep
over it yeah I try oh ok so we're more
in the quality Taji see oh jeez okay
maybe we keep some walking pass here we
got the floor looking pretty good
Wow just a 10 you're gonna stand back
he's tanking back all right
you can't pop it oh can you imagine if
Britney receive it ya ready yep
oh you got a roll you can't pop any oh
you got to do a gentle gentle giant nice
nice hey you got it oh please if you
actually do it and Britney can't get mad
at me okay if her mom does it how could
she get mad at me I'm just just a fun
guy and she just deal with it honey I
guess or anything
yep but you have to get the cane you
have to get the cane without popping any
oh sure how it's done sure oh yay I hope
nobody you're wearing headphones you
mate may we switch the ball you down a
little bit
what's the right afternoon keep on
towards your chair
you're not popping that's actually the
way he can get there without popping any
see he's figured out a method he's
evolved he's figured it out
Ezra you can't go under it you can't go
under it you got to stay above it's
impossible you just got to go actually
using like two maybe three okay all
right
we still have more bubble wrap furniture
and you better feels weird
oh yeah it's like you're the loudest
thing on earth agree I didn't walk like
that the earth is made out of that oh my
gosh this is the ultimate high five tell
your mind dude
mine too alright this is a bubble bubble
high five ready
anyone one oh those are allowed I buzzed
hey we started a new thing
I still got bubbles this one is the
Huggle wrap see I can't see you bubble
man come give your daddy a hug I just oh
we got to do a chest wall oh this okay
give me a hug song okay now I'm gonna
punch you in the face as hard as I can
alright we're gonna we're gonna listen
to a pop yeah
all right we got to make the world's
quietest you all right this is like this
is strategic right here these are the
new the new Nike pop there you go all
right try to sneak around try to sneak
around come come here come to me well
now you're sneaky I had a question for
you why did you put on your face I don't
know it's tape you got to just man out
and pull it like a band-aid but write
that here yo me help you here
no I'll do it for you I hope you all
gamers you like use masking tape not
duct tape oh it looks painful
oh here it is ha ha ha oh you did you
did loaded shoot I didn't have the
arrows all the three look nasty what the
heck
Oh get him go get him no I'm scared
don't be scared no dude I've never seen
that guy before you don't get him get
him get him get him
no way No look at his Oh far forget that
guy I guess I can get a little Robin
Hood over there
get him get him get him get him Oh get
all you're getting help you getting
heart-rhythm chases him always dropping
mines down did if you get hit any anyone
one more hit aah
how did you dig that oh sweet guns dude
I get them hard hit them hard I'll tell
you heal up
oh say import vivant boy get that drag
no way you don't have any point goddamn
dude no you got him and that guy
you swear I wanted you to get all of
them yeah I love all the characters -
yeah you do you're roasting them
potatoes what
drinking's Gugu yeah oh yeah you gotta
have no problem you're really good at me
it's so fun that guy is so big I can't
get focused it's not shooting you though
okay um yeah Waller is it
was like double Jim's that's create is
your level holy smokes
anything else we can do this fun with
bubble wrap I don't we got all this bull
rock maybe we just like tape squares all
over the house you can't see it I good
on the carpet and then when
prettiest-looking step what do you think
gays we we should prank mommy son yeah
we could put like one bubble under every
pair of shoes it's like put one under
your flip-flop just cut one bubble up
good you could put them everywhere K's
an arrow land games are so fun
all right look you never know oh yeah
thank you for the hook it's so different
you know we can do anything a lot like
watch hold this for a second I'm gonna
show you like could do this is Britt
house spin in place dude like it's been
in place pebbles odd job
Wow crew ant I had fun Brittany honey
when you watch this one day I just want
what you know that I love you so much
and the thing I do with the boy is while
you're gone is you know it's just just
me being fun you know being me being a
little smile making these little
Wildcats wow what is it what is it what
is it what is it oh that's not good what
what the live it frozen so winter
wonderland in there no wait wait oh you
know what these are so good
yeah they've got a bit long you know why
could this crack open because it's
always cracked like that so now it's all
getting moisture in there freezing
frozen pizza for Noah Bahama Mama's for
dad and pizza rolls for canes that's how
you know mommy's like if you ever walked
in our house and you see those three
items tell me very specific oh you know
nobody no girls on the mouth if only
look at flash yeah look at that dog it
has just been a rainy day but it's
beautiful we needed I'm never you're
never gonna hear me say this again but
it's actually excited for the rain we
have had rain for so long I mean it's
been weeks of no rain so I don't know it
feels good to have some some rain do
want to take a second thank you go
what's up buddy what's up man what you
keep doing your nose huh what is that
you like scraping it off or something
like peach-colored hey I just want to
say thank you guys for supporting
yesterday's vlog if you didn't see it
the kids have been how do I explain this
like they've been they see all these
gaming videos on YouTube and that's like
what they watch right now they watch all
these game runners like everything from
minecraft you name it gaming videos are
really popular for kids at that age and
that's all they watch so they want to
make gaming videos and yesterday was
really about making a video for them so
I know a lot of you liked it and I know
a lot of you didn't care for it too much
because you're used to watching vlogs
every day so I tried to mix it up a
little bit thank you for supporting it
was a lot of fun regardless
of the outcome was a lot of fun I had a
great time with the kids and it was they
just they had such a good time they
wanted to do it so bad that I just
couldn't deny it I was like let's do it
let's record it put it up for you guys
so that's what that was I love you guys
hope you're feeling good hope you're
hope you're staying positive and always
remembering how important you are you
were you were truly one of my I say at
the end of every vlog but not sure if
you listen to me every time so anyways
I'm venting I'm ranting out here I love
you guys so much thanks for being here
pleasure you know why you can't come
inside right now cuz you can't get money
and now you're eating the plants used to
be around Brit all the time surprised
not yes I'm very manly but half a day
without her little fiddly miss her like
crazy it's just weird that she's not
here her sister had to get a bunch of
stuff done today so they're out running
around getting things they got to do I
feel like I'm not streaming right now
I'm just like talking chatting with you
guys it's probably really boring but but
different-style smile more baby smile
more smell more had to come out here and
do a picture be good we prioritise all
on Twitter so I spoiled it but the
brand-new ones are out I want to show
you guys real quick got a rip rip rip
them open I had I hate having to open
these just for a photo but I got it I
just got it
brand new pockets baby the camo smile
more in the multi splat I don't know I
don't really have a name for this one
but I just love it
really really cool like a multi color
it's always weird it's always super
weird like do anything like I want to
post this picture to Twitter but by the
time you've seen this walk that pictures
already been on Twitter for half a day
so I don't know it's really weird
blogs are weird you're always behind but
I'm ahead it's it's strange dude how do
you explain it what if I heard that okay
I'm going to do this run with import'
it's too boring somebody forget who it
was somebody was like what if our vlogs
were actually 20 years ago and you're
actually watching the past like what if
I'm actually 20 years older now and I'm
just uploading super old videos
Twilight and dddd dddd
alright how's your day oh man well
that's kind of go oh my back your back
how was your day how was your day
seriously Brittany and Veronica went out
looking for cars for their family not
cars for us it rained all day I know
it's crazy crazy amount of rain the only
good thing I guess is everything that
needs water is water now big time did
you guys find a car maybe we're gonna
shoot the test driving it overnight oh
yeah and then we had dinner with my dad
and stepmom and that was awesome I think
everybody wants a Britney vlogs you know
I think that's what's coming up I think
as you know as we approach 50 vlogs in a
row I think we need a Britney vlog you
know I mean first the people wanted a
birth blog yeah that's coming up that's
coming up I can't stop popping these
things I gotta get out of here
not here Oh baby so I think we kind of
did a little warping around we Noah has
a youtuber that he likes typicalgamer he
he loves them you watch him all the time
and tonight we were able to play
battlegrounds for a few hours with
tipple gamer and his girlfriend and we
actually won on battleground so super
super fun here's a quick clip of us
winning I see him
he's at the tree exactly at 285 and 300
he's down at the bottom I think I think
okay there's another guy right at 255
behind the tree well I love my life I
gotta go right here two down one more
one more one more
see em I see em
awesome so skip I had what I had one
bullet left that was a typical gamer and
his girlfriend
Samir he go by Samir Samara okay
wow that was a good game though every
year so what dude I'm sweaty dude I was
I was playing tag behind the tree with
this guy so yeah that does it we are uh
we're gonna in this vlog I don't know
what I don't know it's a lie we gotta go
we love you we love you look at my tan
line
hey see that remember that my dirty well
maybe that's what it was it's not tan
line I don't know we love you guys so
much
let's go watch a movie no even what do
you mean yeah I wants to move you
forever
that is not I watched one by myself last
night well I was playing games with the
kids thank you
love you guys you're beautiful you're
one of a kind
don't forget how beautiful you are
you're awesome smile
you
