hi everyone I am in a hotel again I'm
currently in France I'm in Provence with
L'Occitane it's so nice to be back in
South France you guys know that I know
it well here and loved it although I
haven't spent much time in Provence I
think I came as a kid a little bit but I
can't really remember it so it's really
nice to be a bit more like inland we're
not really like by the sea the drive
here from the airport was beautiful so I
can't wait with what like two days here
with lots of town I'm here with Anna and
Naomi although I think Naomi's going
home a little bit early but we'll have
the full day all three of us together
tomorrow as I said I'm here with lots of
town they brought us out here because
they have a hotel here like a hotel spa
I think they're like global head off
this is here as well they have lavender
fields where they kind of grow the
lavender for their products I don't
really know what's in store really but
I'm really excited and it's such like
you're like an hour and 15 minutes to
fly here so it's a very easy quick trip
but it's really hot the weather is so
good so I'm very happy right now we just
got to the hotel we've kind of been
traveling all day because it was like an
afternoon flight and now it's like
quarter past five so we will just go
into our rooms to kind chill out a bit
I'm going to unpack my suitcase and then
I think we're meeting for dinner at
around 7:00
so hope you guys enjoy being in Provence
with me for the next few days I'm going
to try the log I'm going to try to take
photos and the try Instagram see if I
can do it all I really enjoyed filming
the New York vlog so hopefully this come
out as well as that one did I was really
happy with that blog let's see I'm not
putting any pressure on it they left a
few gifts on our bed one of them being
this hat so like hats never suit me and
also they never really fit ones maybe a
little bit small it's kind of cute I
don't know if I can go away with it so
like I look like Boy George and hats
maybe we're going to meet downstairs to
dinner we've had like not much time to
get ready at all so I believe she just
changed my dress I haven't done anything
to my hair I make Waterside my hair up
because it's still quite warm out there
and this dress is like semi long-sleeve
so I don't want to boil stir this dress
it's on next such I have a beach dress
but I feel like I can get away with it
we're just having dinner in the hotel so
yeah I really like it got some nice
details on it it's like kind of long but
short and then I'm wearing these and
Topshop slides with it which don't go
but anything anyone mind I'm going to go
find and I'll show you guys around hotel
although I never really looked myself
yet Anna's here she's wearing all white
he's filling your no black things no
math look all that stress required we've
come down to the reception area
it's very pretty millennial it's
basically all pink and lime green I
think this part of it has recently been
renovated very pretty also there's like
a really random collection of sheep here
not entirely sure what that's about but
they're pretty cute actually
especially this will be belong here
going for a little quick sneak around
hotel clean I love a good game of
bowling Bowl it's like school we can't
say it that's how I used to remember it
bowl oh my god guys look literally whoa
no I'm Anton looking this way look at
the lavender field oh my god that is so
pretty and is on the hunt for the serene
call I think oh look what it looks
incredible we've got a little far
afternoon here tomorrow for my swimming
costume I am ready to party that's fish
that senses because it might have
realized me oh my god I love that look
at this guy's Oh pools like this make me
wish I could get my hair wet without it
being like a big deal was wandering a
few really hair wet
oh sorry
all in the past and show me where these
I've just come back to my room and we
had such a nice evening we met Olivia
who's the founder of L'Occitane and it
was seriously so interesting honestly
when we got there I was like oh god what
is this going to be like because he
doesn't speak any English through her
translator I saw God it was gonna be
really awkward how are we gonna chat and
it was so great we learned so much about
the brand that I didn't know and so much
about like the ethical side of the brand
and how all their like lavender fields
and how how they're like really
struggling with global warming and all
the different things that trying to do
to protect it he basically started the
brown when he was like 23 just because
the area provancha we're in now was a
really poor area at the time and he
wanted to kind of create work in the
area and I give back and to see like
what it's all become and this hotel in
the area is amazing and how that global
the brand is now we were just chatting
about so many different things I didn't
realize it looks kinda like one of the
only brands that has Grail on their
products so that blind people can like
know what the different products are I
think that's amazing
and apparently is so so expensive to do
but they don't make the product more
expensive because of it if I take it out
pay for themselves and just all these
different like really interesting facts
I didn't know about lots of town I was
very inspired me know me and Anna would
literally like I mean we were like three
rows days down just like staring at him
like wow it was so cool dinner was
lovely too I made the mistake of having
pasta and I feel like ruff because you
guys know I can't really pass there but
it's just so delicious I can't help it
to come back to my room and discover
this nice little on the bed for me put a
little note here and some chocolates and
suitcase so I'm going to head to bed now
Anna is very kindly going to help me
film a video tomorrow morning she is
such a gem so hopefully that will come
out well and like
edit and put that off for you guys on
Sunday which so hopefully you would have
seen already I don't know I'm not going
to promise anything because it might not
happen but that is the plans tomorrow
morning I'm going to go to sleep and
I'll see you them good morning everyone
it is Thursday and woken up and lovely
Provence is it Thursday
yeah yeah it is and I've been the
bestest bestest friend ever this morning
help me film and taking Instagram photos
she is great I only think about always
out over she knows I love filming I
loved Italy this guy she never asked me
to do it so I just got like a million IR
years I'm desperate than years old and
she won't takes them so yeah I've woken
up feeling a little bit rough this
morning can't tell if it's the aircon or
because I've got ill or something but
I'm really looking forward to today I
had a really nice bath last night I use
the entire lavender bubble bath they
give a fixed travel size but is the
whole thing is it working my eyes oh
yeah it was good I love that lavender
bubble bath stuff I think we going to
head down for breakfast now I'm quite
hungry actually my stomach's rumbling we
just had breakfast we've all got our
hats Allah little might turn up we're
going to go to the lavender fields and
Perry is very hot because there's no
shade there we're now getting into this
what are they putting in a 2cv to join
there you go well how cute it looks to
turn on the side oh my god I love this
lavender colored seat this is the car
that Olivier to drive when he first
started if you drive around provides
China salad little products that you
made so cool now I mean I've got in the
back and like a little bit like fancy
I'm is going to go in front I've been in
one of these before they're quite scary
so much is like a sin stoned cofee are
going to be running underneath
okay we're starting up the car my god
terrified any name is having to focus
here over there in the license peel
machine you and I participated for each
other we risk our life for these
instruments there are a lot of what
where is the beast it or what thing was
massively so what we're going to wear
leasing in that car it's like tried out
my lips yeah I feel really like she
actually like the food
it's not amazing though not and you feel
like Roberts in your hands right I got
off at bedtime
last time bedtime when we did our
Kassadin smelling dirty
I know
when you try and no 16 just take a bad
with the good
you worry way too much okay
Kate vlogs Instagram so I take photos it
just come to another map to deals in
money right well I just been stressed if
every photo absolutely unreal that is I
was like so good now that last
Herbalife's week's version of lavender
just beautiful her I could Bend out he
comes to a place with Joy's house
they're calling it but she's actually
someone who's worked with lots of come
for years she lived in the same place it
was about me her house is absolutely
insane and there's a lab and Dean's
field over there just learn eleven Dean
and lavender two different things which
is actually something quite interesting
you guys to know and you're buying
products lab and Dean is actually like
the cheaper version actually we're going
to be having lunch so pretty this is the
kitchen she does like cooking lessons
and stuff in here I got it mazing how
cool is this
I want to get him oh my god they're
literally 20 different types of rolling
pins what was it lunch is served
oh wow that looks amazing
they come back with the good
singular has come into the father looks
guys look refill for the almond shower
oil this my hair up whatever they fought
speak on with a pump and they've got
retail so we're now going to have some
massages I can't wait well we could have
had like any treatment but we've all
gone front massage I feel like I'm on
the verge of getting else I'm hoping
myself like get it out my body which one
can you go so I just basically I have
mine happen it's on this like thing that
he very very it's bad guys they don't
sell this big one with the palms at home
so me now no growth going to get it
because then you could just use a pump
to buy that size by try the refill oh
yeah quite a reseller you put it in the
Thomas I'm also this looks very good
exfoliating almond shower gel stuff I
might have to get it guys you just had a
massage it was great
pretty like stroke II like pokey did was
open
it was Stephanie stroke e pokey and
flappy so the best way to describe what
we both just west through but it was
nice and I thought that she'd left
chemicals in there and it was a bit
mortified but she found anything and
back in my room now and we have such a
nice time spa and then Anna and I when
it's out by the pool for like 20 minutes
I didn't look like work phone call there
it was nice to chill for a little bit
I'm definitely getting ill I'm so
annoyed I'm just trying to ignore it
because I just I feel so um I can
definitely feel that I'm getting an
illness from very frustrating but we're
going out for dinner and whiskey's earth
needs and calm and we're in this dress
which is from mango I actually got it
before it was in a sale it's in the sale
now and you know unlike in two minds
whether to wear it it looks quite nice
quite a boobie ish it just sits funny
like it's just not made very well this
side is like bigger than this side very
thin definitely lots of breathing in has
to go on
I just don't know and it's long sleeves
but I'm quite warm I think I might
change this dress it would have been
nice to have a photo in that something I
haven't worn before but you know I just
don't know don't know if I really like
this dress as much as I thought I did
when I tried it on okay I've changed
back into my favorite dress I just so
much happier in this know something's
just fit you better
that just
so funny can we explain it I'm wearing
my Chanel bag and my Steve Madden shoes
I actually have no idea where we're
going for dinner I'm really hungry
though as usual so I'm going to head
down to a Missouri I'm going to my
camera with me just in case we found
this cute little restaurant who'd litera
woman oh sorry we just had to order but
we're at a restaurant with the power in
words Harrisburg loves that okay so how
about it over like it's tiny and there's
no one here in the schecter to holder
guys I got this batcher to start we've
been teasing it's really garlicky it's
so yummy
Christina's showing us the drink that
they drink in Spain when they're
learning how to start drinking all right
give it a try I go hey have you ladies
ready red wine as rare as wine with coke
are you thankful to mix it then you
funny
yeah achieve while you don't get
offended anyone really oh you like it
that's my girl anyone who's like a red
wine drinker is gonna hate us right yes
no good guys you need to try this that's
really good ah this is actually really
good oh gosh guys I forgot to fill the
main course at everything anyway I'm
going to end the vlog now because
tomorrow we are meant to be doing a hot
air balloon ride at 5:30 in the morning
but it too windy so it's been canceled
so I think we just having a chill day
I'm gonna actually go edit video we're
going to babysit by the pool for a bit
and then we've got would leave for our
kind of PR to the brown better meet the
founder be nice to hang out with Anna
and I a me and yeah I've had a really
nice time so I hope you guys have
enjoyed watching what I've been up to on
this trip please don't forget to
subscribe to my channel if you haven't
already and follow me on Instagram I
posted lots of photos from the trip on
there I'm just at Lily pebbles on
Instagram I will see you guys in my next
video bye
