so today is Sunday and with Alex today
we are going on a little road trip going
to be doing some shopping very excited
so basically you're coming shopping with
us it's gonna be amazing we're gonna do
a little bit foam shopping because that
is something that we enjoy we very much
enjoy so today I'm gonna be going to
home since we're gonna be going to the
big one that we've always talked about
going to your favorite one and I've
never been there so we're driving out to
like this massive homes ends and I am so
excited maybe I'll find a pink velvet
chair you're gonna be just in all the
second your kid it also has a giant TK
Maxx in it apparently as well cuz home
tents and TK Maxx are like the same part
of the same family I am very excited
you're going to come on with us we'll
probably do lunch
and some other stuff Buster out there
let's do my god huh oh my god oh my god
you need it need it need it oh my god
I've been in here a few minutes and I
want to buy everything hmm
I've got really nicely in our bedroom I
want this I'm bringing it with me this
is one of those like jazzy little pieces
like the little unique things that make
your room look a little
different I love this is what payment is
really good for a take one oh my god I
love it
this is so autumnal showers and then it
sorry oh my gosh this is like this is
amazing
I love look at this sideboard is
beautiful I feel like you you need this
need this in your life look at this
place guys like they have little like
areas they've got this area here with
the like white chairs and then they have
this area over here cause like marble
mid-century Furniture and then it's kind
of been TG style chair that mirror over
there is amazing that that would go
really nicely in your house and then
they've got all of these pillows and
little areas it's so cool this one
though is really amazing I'm trying to
convince Alex to buy this but just don't
have space oh my god pillows are my
weakness I'd stop buying them looking at
the rug section here actually I always
have a good like rugs and blanket oh my
god this is so look moved on to bothers
I really love these I've seen this a lot
in various different stores and I really
like this one you just pick this up in
you it's really pretty so it like
different I've never seen anything else
like this trying to figure out what room
this will best fit in love it there's so
many nice little like vases and jars
don't we say cup for candles and things
like that
Oh a giant martini
we've made it over to lamps she's
finding more lance literally apparently
everywhere every lamp in her house is
from homes and so far this is how much
we've still got to go I'm gonna be here
a long time I've bought some rugs I'm
very excited this is our actually we've
got a rug each I've had to talk myself
up buying like several other things
basically this trolley is the size of my
food can't fit in the trolley Oh baby
that's so cute
seen one of my recent vlogs I you will
have seen me in the basket section of
home sense buying about Virginian basket
and trying to decide which one and I
think I'm about to repeat that again
with Alex this time to the pet section I
am always buying other things from here
this is like where half of our toys are
from we've decided that if we buy any
furniture like big furniture we are
gonna have to get a moment a van to come
and pick it all up because there's no
space left there's no room in the end
that my god I love it
pull your knives and forks in this
little pink I love it it's got so much
good like kitchen stuff know what other
holiday then you put your dishes on them
yeah I suppose that put it in a drawer
and put your paneling Oh genius this
fear looks so handy like fridge
organizers I think I'm gonna need to get
fridge organizers cuz this is look just
hmm maybe mean okay that's it look at
the copper pans oh my god oh my god
that's so cute
I like the little like dish thing in it
that's key for so many Marvel coasters
how much are they oh my god I paid like
thirty pounds for my marble coasters oh
my god need them whoo look at that Oh
they've got Tuesday I saw that one for
Susie one for Alex oh my gosh these are
so much more affordable than my marble
coasters like I've been buying in you go
sit next to my marble tray so basic we
found a little mini Halloween section
and our axes lost her mind
I just I love this this is a troika of
matching sir we could make like
Halloween punch
oh okay that'll be really we are so cute
we've just been through bowls and plates
and we need to stop so you know like the
candles come back to you
when HomeSense perfect and embroider the
condo section was like my jam well this
is pretty I just want the felt their
candles will look so like interesting I
really
see I've got all of this over here I
love this chair and then TK Maxx is over
here oh my god I want everything this is
just like this reminds me of an Easter I
guess so cool yeah look at this this was
three hundred and forty-nine ninety-nine
that's 250 it's so cool
I want it also come back to the blue
ottoman I really want this but I don't
know where it's gonna fit best in our
house so gorgeously and the chair next
to it it's amazing and that and that oh
guys do you think I should come back and
get this let me know we're done like oh
we've come back for this chair which oh
okay someone's strong all that I'm going
to be doing paid off here obviously
again I'm just so impressed
is there that is the question yes what
somehow I was pushing outside it's not
gonna fit it's not gonna fit and then
Alex just did something magic let's go
get some food I'm starving
downtown ah yes I so need this
we are done at home cents successful
motorway driving done again I would get
bit another we're going for some food
now okay I'm just so excited
I only ever get Oaxaca when I see you
and how did this happen back Alexes I'm
gonna have a cup of tea before a head
time and I am sitting opposite the most
gorgeous pink chair I have ever seen
look at that yes where is it from you
couldn't guess
where it's from its from HomeSense just
thinking ahead from yeah yeah dinner was
really yummy I'm super super tired now
and I have the gym like 8 o'clock in the
morning tomorrow so I'm super super
early
got all my stuff in managed to get the
chair
out of the car thank you for helping
Josh had to get him to help me pull it
out we've got all of this stuff around
me and I think I'm gonna do like the
little whole section of this vlog
tomorrow morning with very excited I've
just been showing Josh everything I got
do you like everything yeah yeah yeah
hello hello yeah I will see you tomorrow
at all very good morning so it is the
next day and as promised I am doing the
whole part of this video and I'm still
so happy with everything I bought Bessie
this pillow I love I think it's gonna go
really nicely in our bedroom because
it's got the like creamy colors it's
also got like a little bit of pink in
there and some like natural tones as
well and this was $24.99 I always find
that the home scents pillows like they
come with the cushion inside them as
well so it's not just like the cushion
cover they're just like so so much more
affordable than a lot of the other ones
out there that will be blog posts on
this so I will let you know on like
social media say follow me on Twitter
Instagram if you want to know when that
is our then we have this rogue hope it
doesn't get fluff 11 makes this black
dress everything clings to it and I love
it this is gonna go perfectly in the
bedroom Nala has already christened this
if I can insert the video of her like
loving life on this in here I will
because it is just so freaking cute um
speaking of hello hello yeah I'm super
happy with this they also did it in like
a longer version that was very much more
pink which was so tempted to get for the
office but I think the office is like
has enough in it now and I don't want
things to get like overwhelming and
cluttered yeah I just thought this one
this was $34.99 oh my god it's so
gorgeous don't need to insert that
cutaway now because this this is it you
get a live show the best fit is if she
starts on like a far point of it because
because she worms her way across there
okay that's going to be distracting at
and then I also got this me and Alex got
one each I think this is so cute so I'm
gonna make some kind of Halloween style
punch I don't got this candle and a car
smell this is Oh how much were these
things actually this was $5.99 which the
candle that size so good and then this
was $7.99 and then this one it was $7.99
as well and this is cool I liked this it
has a real marble lid so when I'm done
with this it's gonna be so nice to like
store things in and it's got a really
nice fresh like lemony citrusy smell
it's really really gorgeous they did a
few different sense in that kind of
style jar as well if you're not fine
citrusy stuff you might still like that
and then I got this which is um I'm
storing a lot of things in this basket
ever Sulli I did pick up this I think
you saw me put it in the trolley this is
they've got some bowls as well like
homes it's just so good like the really
cool things that like really different
so like the rug and these cushions but
they do like great everyday basics like
kitchenware bowls glasses great for
everything but these are so cute I love
ones so there's gonna be knowledge new
people's face for the dog bowls then I
and normally end up being a little bit
more than that when I buy my balls so I
was really happy with that then I lost
my shoes for these as you who live scene
so these are the most gorgeous like open
marble coasters they've got the little
sticky things on the bottom which is
great so it's not gonna like mess up
your coffee table and it's got like a
copper trim they have onto the gold trim
as well but they were heart-shaped and I
like the kind of natural Ness of these
shapes and these were 999 which i think
is so good because the other coasters
that I've been buying are like for 430
pounds and we always need more coasters
I don't know what it is just oh god
about this oh I love this so much this
is like a little ramekin style thing and
final thing from that Bowl was this what
Plantard thing I love this you guys will
know I love the ones with like the legs
and it's got gold legs and then the top
is like a terracotta color and I just
think this is absolutely gorgeous I
think it will work really beautifully in
our bedroom now I'm introducing like a
few more brownie colors into the mix
this is one of the final items and I
love this think this was the first thing
I picked up I'm so happy with everyone T
like a fairy its style stool for a
really really long time and I love the
fun that this one has wooden legs
instead of gold because I love gold
accents but I do think too much of one
thing is really annoying when you kind
of over that because you're let then
stuck with loads and loads of stuff that
is all one metal or one time and so I
really like the fact that this just has
wooden legs it matches a lot of the
wooden furniture you know house already
so it's not like a completely different
tone and it's
that kind of brownie taupey fur that's
kind of a little bit pink but not like
pink pink yeah I think this has the
potential to be able to like move around
rooms which makes it really versatile
and just a really good purchase and also
I was looking at the tag on this and not
everything has this like on the tags but
quite often when you look at the labels
that say the price that says like its
original retail price so its original
RFP was a hundred and twenty five pounds
and this was $59.99 and it was a really
good nice little saving on that I've
seen a lot of other fit stores I've been
looking at and they were and lot more
expensive I feel like I've got a really
good bargain there and now I'm gonna
show you the final thing so this is the
armchair that we've bought I'm just
going to take this pillow off this
pillows from home since by the way it's
gorgeous it's got this like herringbone
fabric to it I've seen a lot of these
and they were all very velvet in texture
and that kind of style and I like the
fact that this wasn't that because once
that trend is over you know you're stuck
with a load of velvet stuff I already
have one other velvet piece so I didn't
want to velvet armchairs so I think this
is a really nice option it's very
neutral it's got a really pretty texture
it's comfortable to sit in as well and
then like I said this pillow is from
HomeSense
and I bought this separately the yeah
that was $29.99 lots people asked about
the price for those pillows yeah I
really like this and this chair was a
total bargain as well I think the tag
but was on it that said the original RP
has been taken off I feel like it was
something around 200 marked like 300
pounds reduced to a hundred and fifty
999 which I was really really happy with
I'm so happy with it I love it I think
it's gonna look really nice in our
bedroom but it also looks really nice it
so is one of those things that again is
going to move around the house we have
quite a lot of family and we have this
like three seater sofa which looks a
mess right now I'm just going to sort
that out and then we have the armchair
that's over in the bay and apart from
that we don't really have like a lot of
seating so that arm sure is gonna be
really handy I think that is going to be
it for this come shopping with me at
home all kind of blog really hope you
guys like this let me know if you'd like
me to do more like this
I hope you guys have all enjoyed
watching it and you were having a lovely
day and I was see you guys again in my
next video hope you can't hear neither
crunching away at her food oh my god the
drillings back I'm just gonna go bye
