bye-bye
the pain it was almost 11 hours wait
yeah and it's so
we're just indoors in the absolutely
boiling
with how much each other
my friends yes
so I'm all ready to go out now ignore
the messy room I just thought I would
show you a quick little outfit a mirror
selfie so I've got my boo who
place it on which would have seen in my
I did like a boohoo or slash what's in
my suitcase video and this is in it and
I really like this because I love the
back the back is so cute wait hold on
there we go and then my shoes are also
boohoo that I included in a video and
love these because they're like little
like loafers are like half loafers half
sandals and I just think they're really
cute
hi everyone so it's my day too and I
feel so ill and my cold is just like got
so much worse overnight I just woke up
and I'm like so blocked up and sneezy
and snotty and just feel like really
headache and tired and something cuz
I've wanted to come to Mexico like my
whole life and I've got here and I've
got cold and bad it's not great but I'm
I think I'm going to go down have some
breakfast now it had a bit of a lion and
yeah catch you later
hi everyone and I haven't really been
vlogging very much on this holiday
because I got here and I instantly got
like the most awful cold and I couldn't
stop sneezing I was literally like I've
never sneezed that much before in my
life and it's so hot here like I don't
know how many degrees is but it's like
two always so hot that it's unbearable
and so when you've got a cold as well I
just didn't feel good at all so I didn't
really want to vlog but I'm going to try
and vlog more now obviously I would have
really done it before so if this does go
up it will be my first vlogging video
and but yeah we've just been kind of
hanging around the pole going to dinner
and going straight to bed because I've
been obviously not very well and also
jet-lagged who say hello it's my mum she
has on a V in there because she hasn't
her she's dirty from the pool it hasn't
got makeup on you as if you doesn't know
V on camera and but we're all still a
bit jet-lagged and I haven't been
feeling too good but I do feel better
now took some weird Mexican pills
I think the painkillers and tablets are
stronger here than they are at home
because I always take cold tablets and
they never ever work and I took these
tablets and I instantly feel better so I
have no idea what's in them there are so
many iguanas here it's so weird you
literally like walking to breakfast and
they'll be like an iguana sat there in
front of you and it'll be massive the
first day we were like oh my god we were
taking pictures of it and we were like
screaming and now
out it's our third day or fourth day
we've seen so many of them that now we
see them we're just like those Niki one
I don't know how to end these things and
those done it before so I'm just gonna
say bye-bye
hi guys so I just had a really relaxing
day today by the pool and I've been
trying to catch up on some tanning
because I wasn't really into like lying
fully in the Sun when I was ill also
I've been catching up with some tanning
today but I did want to tell you all
something because I got some exciting
news and basically I do get a lot of
tweets from you guys asking me to do
meetups and that kind of thing
do have to go now we need to get ready
to go out because we will be back quite
early because we're going on another
trip outside the hotel tomorrow so we
need to be up at like 6:30 but let me
so now I'm done show off my bikini I'm
gonna go get ready we're just about to
get the bus to flyer or player was worth
debating de carb√≥n anyway let's just
yell come and tell common and and
there's like shops and stuff there so
we're going to do a shopping surprise
surprise I can't keep us away too long
the doll Freddy's had five days without
shopping I know y'all got to mom I'm
having withdrawal and my mum's
speciality of course it's trippin no my
mum speciality is saying she knows where
we're going and then she doesn't
actually have a clue so this should be
interesting but I think we're currently
getting the bus from just outside our
hotel which is here so we'll see where
we end up but um got the top navigator
here so should be fine
has a very peculiar
don't blurt
you
and
hi I'm just with my baby sis on the
beach we're just waiting to be start for
dinner there we are
yeah we are sir oh right well we got a
table now so probably head back in a
minute but just thought we'd say hello
and this is the beach in the evening so
we're just having it dinner in the
restaurant
say hello everyone hold onion on it yet
yeah buddy mama
it's such a beautiful view now I've
already shown her posing as usual I just
sat in this Grail restaurant literally
on the beach so pretty the sun's just
messing
yeah
traps exactly
you
hi everyone so today is a new day and
we're doing something very exciting
today I'm swimming with dolphins and I
wanted to do this my whole life so I'm
ridiculously excited we're in this
beautiful place and I think it's a
lagoon because I'm a bit like funny with
you know like being cruel to animals and
stuff but I know these dolphins are in a
lagoon not like a pool so I think it is
a bit better I'm just so excited it's
just me and my family in the pool with
them I'm oh my god I've actually lost
them
oh my goodness okay I'm just going to go
this way I think is this way oh my god I
physically lost them I found my sister
so I'm not completely lost
sailors Coco hello excited yeah we're
the dolphin team is love so I'm probably
going to stop filming now because we
can't take our cameras in but hopefully
I'll be able to edit and the footage
that they give us yes I will hopefully
edit in excited yeah see you later
you
fuck
hi everyone and it's my last night
tonight which is really sad and my
sisters in the bath can you see I just
wanted to say because I'm probably going
to have included some footage of me
swimming with the dolphins
in this vlog but I posted a photo to
Instagram of me kissing the dolphin and
there were loads of really negative
comments about it and I assume is
probably going to be some negative
comments in this video as well which is
why I want to say it and I was a bit
upset because I felt like everyone was
making me out to be like this really
evil person who supports animals being
in captivity and that's not true at all
we were a bit skeptical about it because
my mum's a vegetarian and really is a
massive animal lover but we went along
and we were really really pleasantly
surprised the Dolphins
admittedly did not really have enough
space but basically what it was it was
actually in the sea and they just closed
off with piles and piles of rocks but
they had like a and - how to explain it
like a gateway where the sea was
constantly flowing in so it was natural
seawater and also lots of people say
that the dolphins only do tricks because
they're hungry because there's no food
but there were plenty literally hundreds
of fish and swimming around in the
enclosure that they can eat these
dolphins have pretty much all been born
in captivity which I don't know if that
makes it better or worse personally I
think it's better because what I really
don't agree with his dolphins being torn
away from their families in the wild and
then put into an enclosure that's
obviously awful but a lot of those
dolphins have moms and grandmas in the
same centre and the train is clearly
like absolutely adore them all of the
trainer's that were so so lovely and
just was so in love with these dolphins
it was like they were their children and
Mexico for the part that I am in the
Mayan Riviera are so eco-friendly they
are obsessed with the environment
and the animals and the wildlife and
they take really good care of it they
really truly care about the environment
and the ecosystem and everything you
know I'm not allowed to wear some cream
in the pool and sorry in the bit racing
with the dolphins so even though I get
where people coming from I had such a
lovely day I loved seeing the dolphins
and if anything it's given me way more
respect for them after having been
around them and seen how intelligent
they are and what they can do and I
would just appreciate it if people
wouldn't condemn me for going on that
excursion with my family that's my
little rant over again I'm really sorry
if I offended anyone I don't anyone to
think I'm a bad person
and yes I'll may be booked tomorrow but
if not I will take by now and Osie back
in London okay guys I know that I've
logged tonight already but I came into
my room and just finish packing and I'm
stood here and I just saw like a flash
like a shadow over on the wall over
there so I walked over there and I've
just seen like this orange lizard on the
wall like this big so not massive and
I've gone and it's obviously seen me and
it's darted so fast always as if I
didn't actually see it but there's no
way that I'm ever going to catch it was
so fast so tonight I'm going to do
because I'm not going to be able to
sleep but I can't try and catch it like
I don't even know where it is right now
I'm going to say night now because I've
said good night like three times today
but I'm gonna risk all my fire until my
dad gets back
good night
you
