good morning guys it's Thursday morning
today and I'm very very exciting fitting
to go to tell you what it's for because
it's quite exciting and I kind of want
to show you kind of what happens at the
time but for any of you guys who know me
really really really well then let's
just say designer is probably my
favorite so I'm going for fitting today
so I can wear some of the designers
pieces to their show in New York
obvious now yes really really excited
about it but today I'm going back to
work proper work so I need this access
I'm actually really excited about
putting art and proper makeup and I
think myself again I'm emptying out my
little makeup bag that I've had next to
my bed for any times I've wanted to
flake off and couldn't get to my main
collection right so let's see so yeah
that's just out of sight I have a little
chat with you else I'm getting ready my
mirror I also kind of forgot well I
don't really forget to mention yesterday
I've kind of almost pleased over the
fact that I've finally now heart my
lower braces off of my teeth I'm just so
so happy like my teeth are just
completely incomparable to what they
were before I had braces they're just
completely different set of teeth now
I'm just absolutely thrilled to bits
yeah if you saw my video of the day
where I showed all my skincare
everywhere I've changed that I have now
put that in here this is now my skincare
drill this is like my skincare that I'm
actually using at the moment like got
moisturizers eye creams serums and the
back light mists so that's why under
stop reaching in there it's gonna get
out everything because I've Norman had
my proper collection a few days not what
I've been putting on any makeup yeah
it's been 18 or 18 months I've had the
lingual braces on for anyone that
doesn't know that does means like the
train track braces but on the back of
the teeth so if you can imagine like
sometimes it's not overly comfortable it
gave me a bit of a lisp I mean I still
have a little bit of a lisp but I think
I've always got that
I'm very happy to get over that doesn't
bother me in the slightest
yeah but I finally had the bottom braces
and taken off which means that
technically my treatment is pretty much
complete I kind of glazed over yes
like oh I'm really happy but I can't
even explain to you just how great that
feels to finally have them off after 18
months so I'm just absolutely thrilled
than you guys are looking to get like
any dental work done any dental
treatments then also I would have I
never realized just how bad they were
and when you see the actual full white
gum shots of where my teeth Lerner then
it's really interesting and yeah the
difference is crazy I really want to
show you soon
I'm gonna do like a proper little video
about it I think it's quite a big part
of my life for a while so I feel like it
deserves a bit more air time to fair so
the house move has gone pretty well I
know that I've been so stressed about it
for weeks worrying about it but just coz
I'm always so busy that I couldn't even
imagine time I would use to start
packing and to start organizing
everything and honestly not everything
is organized yet like I haven't rung any
of my like banks to change addresses or
I've not sorted out the water bill or
the other twisty bill all that but I'm
going to I'm gonna try and do that today
but in terms of actually removing all
that I did was just cancel any trips I
have coming up and any big big things
and coming up and just focused on the
move instead so I almost made I made
extra time to sort it out cuz I couldn't
have done it with all the traveling so
in fact it's actually going quite well
and I'm really really pleased with all
of this house no well it's not a house
it's flat but it feels like a little
house it's a wonderful size yeah we're
just so happy so you know so I can't
wait to sort of show you around a little
bit more and show everything I also show
you last night the closets coming
together it's gonna be a very tight fit
well it should hopefully squeeze all of
my clothes into that and I can't just
see everything so that's what I'm most
excited also new agenda for today I mean
haven't yet completely moved out barrel
to black
I still have a lot of items there a
couple of white ornament bits so I
didn't want to get broken in the move so
I left them and also pretty much my my
entire coat collection is still there
because I'm have enough room to put them
in suitcases
I completely run out
King so my entire coke collections over
there still we're gonna go over like to
that and do like a big clean clean up
the place get it right but I've cleaned
it oven that's one big job we haven't
done yet clean the oven and do that all
the very adult jobs that you have to do
when you move in and out of what
and then we're not still hopefully then
we can just chill focus on this place so
nice having a face of makeup on again
it's just wonderful it's really nice out
but it's not coconut a pear it's really
nice out really nice I need a new one of
these soon guys looking pretty worse
where now my top four shade illuminate
palette it is the best off of them I
spent the most of last night though as
well I don't know what I'm going to show
you much what happened last night but a
lot of last night went got in bed
looking over the comments and the
feedback on my newest blog post which is
that blog post you were seen in the blog
few weeks ago that I went and shot in
that beautiful Lanesboro hotel and the
feedback has been absolutely insane if
you're one of those other people that
commented or tweeted me about it and
on that but yeah if you're not seen that
already I'll leave that all you've got
on the screen I always get this wrong
which side of late on the screen you can
go how little peak let's see what you
think of those pictures cuz I love them
you know feedback as if they're actually
amazing on that so thank you very your
realized I only have one shoe on right
now absolutely in love with this mirror
being here makes a real look so much
my first shall be to russy's the
classics but I only have one off so far
my beautiful
back home from amazing sitting got some
credible incredible things to wear now
in New York really really excited about
it back home and to mean Alex are now in
the full editing mode a really chilled
out tough fine got a few things he's due
for work and then we're gonna head over
to the old flap and just finish up the
big cream we need to do the other and
you're gonna need to Hoover and dust and
all that very fun stuff yeah
because I've got gin and tonic I feel
like we need them
look at my nails guys they're awful it's
just been stripped but morning guys
this is very exciting Alec who's already
hard at work on the closet and it's all
coming together
how's it going babe he's building these
little drawers and it's been causing a
bit back row almost one one to go and
then we are cooking with gas
it's so good everything hit I mean I've
got bags and bags of clothes yeah I need
to go in or I was there and in my office
I'm gonna put on some makeup
hi guys a lot has happened since I saw
you I went to the dentist and was late
so then I was like super late made me
late for my nail appointment so I got
some nail how pretty this is the color I
always have on my toes - called hot hot
pink but I wanted it on my nails so nice
right now and I'm just it gleam just an
intern out my p.o box who's where I get
all of my like different like samples
and and review and all that aside from
clearing through a few things
so I went to their press launch couple
of months ago now couple weeks ago is on
the blog you may have seen it for the
that is New Times so these are a hit
quite frankly I like these a lot right
guys so back I've been doing a few
little work bit putting things in their
rightful place we've got some pictures
up on the walls everything's going
together and now we're on our way to
least religious with em I'm Sheldon good
friend of mine and theirs
what does have a like a little piece
tonight chill night so on our way it is
so nice in this building where I feel
like do you live it's like super nice
burn in mind that I always put my closet
together so I'm kind of wearing any
people me just I'm sorry I put my closet
a lot I just I just dressed it so I mean
a little black top and little black
master jacket black jeans black Chanel
right Lisa maybe as places Sona it's so
lovely and they've got this really cool
like outdoor bit looks just over 210
like how cool it's so nice out you
should come our way in yes the way those
games is and just look at London yeah
I'm boiling yeah and you don't waste
someone you got to
maybe it was on the blog big time we're
doing amazing so basically me and Lucy
decided we're gonna start attempting to
week we try your looks my favorite just
watch these hallways blood
I'll chicken lvl okay no I'm having like
not the 6040 babe oh my god you in a
pizza baby bear home now and in bed
already take off my makeup and get in
bed but I'm excited for good sleep it's
that I need tomorrow it's the first
weekend in our new beautiful flat and we
don't actually have anything on the only
thing we're doing is checking out of our
own flat but otherwise we're just having
a chill day and we can put up all of our
posters and our prints and a piece of
artwork and sort of just enjoy the flat
and make it like heroine so I'm really
really so I will love your movie and
good night what morning guys welcome to
star today
and the first Saturday in our
half very excited about it we have this
mirror up it's like me more excitement
that I'm wearing the most random outfit
because I am cleaning and tidying first
thing on the agenda in the office I have
all of these brushes and also this bag
is full of brushes I'm going to separate
everything into bronze work out what
ethically I have what I want to keep and
then I'm gonna give all my friends
little packages of brushes that is the
idea okay yeah so I've got a huge
selection of so ever
it would seem I'm gay Sigma Rho GL
morphe it cosmetics when I got one off a
couple little randoms I've cap on D
brush which I love if your iconic gossip
Emacs butter sharp George Armani knows
go on massive Real Techniques massive
mouth tar I can't believe you have that
much to heart pixie Louise young
tweezerman tweezerman Charlotte Tilbury
bare minerals and then a couple of
randoms and then a couple of Dior and
iconic so what to do with the yeah I
think I'm just gonna let packaged up a
few little bundles and then give them to
my friends
you
