I won't let go just gonna sort that
there hello hi how's it going welcome to
a vlog I am in Edinburgh right now I am
here for I'm here with YouTube and there
is basically a TV festival here every
year and I came up here yesterday with
Matt and I did a panel I did three core
talk and with some other big senior
people about why like the future of
YouTube and TV and how we can work
together to create great partnerships
bat bat bat bat this is my room my room
this is my view from my room I'm
actually doing a room tour vlog so if
you've seen that already and you'll know
the room Matt is Matt's in the toilet
aren't you Matt well you've ruined the
toilet
ah thanks my toilet as well thanks mate
Cheers
we're not sharing a room this is my room
but we're filming in here so Matt's
decided to bring my toilet so good I
thought good evaluate you have loads of
stuff big old bottle per second it was
like okay my man I just drink this I'm
not going to form you know what's rough
my Zayn t-shirt but yeah today I have
got lots of stuff to do and also I just
wanted to show you around
got like some meetings and I've got
little little bits and bobs to do today
so just thought bring you guys along
show you what it's about really show you
what the day in the life of me and
Edinburgh is really about I mean first
thing we're about to have breakfast
first thing we're about to do is film
films videos so
yeah finishing the toilet laughs yeah we
have filmed the focus we found some
videos and now we are doing some lunch
lunch meeting on the other side of it
yeah it's at 15 minutes way but I'm
kinda fun comics I mean to get to see
some build just so it does remind me a
bit of London so my give another yeah so
I London but I'm older and more cobble a
mix of London and Bath and Bristol Matt
where we go where we at man you're
giving us a tour of Edinburgh what's
down there
grey sky
it is brilliant is cold isn't middle of
August he's free his is like it's like a
late October day knowing up there
it lets you guys feel like that looks
quite pretty up there that's how I look
wonder up here we basically got some
time to kill
I thought let's explore a deep breath
and vlogging because it's what youtuber
would do Jose Gonzales
I love some writers
you go in the locker
we've walked into an episode of Jurassic
Park interesting outfit choice some
singers
nothing you can join
guys just saying if you need someone's
hit those high notes I'd switch to the
phone by the way guys thing is being
funny I was inspecting some own crazy
fire juggling there
guys joenie walking around you can just
smell feel so awkward vlogging for so
long on phone this big the public is
everyone going to see one do it but
behind me on the screen whereas if you
got Cameron already said yeah saying how
distinctive the smell of Subway is just
like staring and why just walk around
walking around this street like this
filming people's looking into the camera
is my favorite then hey I was trying to
say somebody has a really distinctive
smell and you can smell it from miles
away got out eventually there's
obviously lots of people around that
promote things so I'm sort of filming
around and face people
I mean he's having none of it someone
should go and jump scare their
yeah someone who got behind the woman
standing in jail today that's I'd like
to see corn Matt it's your moment is
your moment one of the cool things about
birds all these little like tunnels that
you just walk through like I don't know
I'd love to we should go walking but
there must be haunted tours in Edinburgh
haunted tour I would do that
so if you can't hear properly but I had
to move to my phone and I don't know he
was too good
bumped into this girl her phone is dead
so I was like let's pose for picture and
you can take it there yeah we're just
gonna do a quick little athletic test
okay okay what we do
what's the room who can you touch the
side can you touch that yeah yeah he's
got that well you've said you can oh
it's quite hot Hey oh it's got low the
guys watching out that you got you've
got a crowd behind you
oh my god what was that what was that
you took off like five meters before
sorry
Matt why are you jumping from you're
jumping from here
this isn't long John Becker I've got
that man knows the destination but the
reason we came all the way downstairs
and I go all the way back up these
stairs so all I'm saying
sprint race
oh come on so continued therefore your
way for not skip leg day so my face is
gone right to all matters I'm having any
other do out minute how your boots never
been here before
first someone ever try and chicken
thighs sweet potato wedges obviously you
guys know that's not true every day one
of my folks a five meals a day how is
the older Nando's
it's code I've tied the hoodie up Matt's
like he's in Green Street going into a
football flight yeah we've got meat I've
got another meeting in a bit just gonna
go hang out at a TV conference
see what's about fun stuff on the way to
do and then we'll show you that well I
am logged in a while I said well like
maybe an hour maybe two hours because I
had copper meetings which would have
just been boring for you to see so no
you said can I finish your kale Crips oh
yeah you can munch on the rest of your
box grubby hands I'm gonna use the gym
mats not because well I said you can
wear shorts mine but I haven't got the
trainer's do kind of small you look
there it's cuz it's the angle you're
doing I'm actually someone take five or
six you know I'm 6-1 6-1 well when you
hold up like that yeah anyway so I'll
give you guys the gym and then we can
grab dinner then we're gonna watch a
couple more comedy shows and go a bit
more chilled last night we had a few to
drink so I'm gonna slow that down a
little bit today so we are now in a pub
what got cheeky beer cheeky belly
Jim sesh was good actually needing go as
a really good Jim sack and we are it's
really funny we're about to see Lucy my
manager her boyfriend
perform just stand-up comedy never seen
him before met him so again saying so
over these good the bar man just said
he's really good and we're all so mean
I'm so happy I'm here Shawn
eriously I can see him coming in now oh
there is Alfie deyes everyone how a few
days everyone we are ready :
there's no idea the girl next says
realized so he hasn't realized that slow
he takes my finger Zoe Zoe take my
finger Zoe
Oh My giddy odd I've just walked back
into the room and it is freezing because
I've left the aircon on so I was hot
from the gym
Holy Mother of Jesus no he's a freezin
it's just leaking like like it's raining
in here with the fuck I mean it is
hanging off the wall is hanging off the
ceiling I mean that is not what you want
from air conditioning is that it's not
what you want
Wow I'm gonna heat this jumper on back
up now this is really really hot angle
it's where in Edinburgh right not James
was so good it was really cool seeing
James a fun thing he felt a bit awkward
at first because obviously we're in the
crowd and he knows that we were coming
in but he was really really good so his
name's James Loveridge if you ever get a
chance to see him you should see him and
then we yeah went back to zone out fees
and popping Sean's and just chilled and
had food and it was delightful so how
long is this time stop rambling now just
because the last two last two nights of
set alarms haven't woke up because my
alarm volume is like turned off so the
day we left Edinburgh had to wake up
like for my alarm was going and it was
just going going going and I only woke
up like 20 minutes before we actually go
because of the foam is my brain just no
sound right anyway I'm going to go to
bed in my cozy hoodie so give the video
a thumbs up you enjoyed it being fun
vlogging sorry has not been on my vlog
camera the whole day and it's been on
the old phone but I hope you enjoyed it
nonetheless and I will see you tomorrow
in our video
