so the time is 8 minutes past 12:00 on
the 14th of April and it's my birthday
and I was that downstairs watching trash
TV like I usually do I don't watch
anything other than trash and I thought
to be quite nice for me to like blog on
my birthday
because I'm actually completely by
myself for my birthday I think this is
like the first birthday that I've spent
by myself in god knows how long
and basically alleys away with work so I
completely understood like it's not it's
not been an issue because we've got so
much stuff planned together that I
didn't mind I mean it's on a Thursday so
there's not like there was loads that we
could do anyway so he's away for the
whole week um with work so yeah I'm just
by myself just me in lumps and I've been
such a good girl and I waited and didn't
open my cards and stuff like that and I
thought it might be quite nicely to just
open them with you guys because I've got
no one else to open with I thought it
would be quite nice to blog my birthday
I am actually working tomorrow anyway
I've got to be down in London for 9
o'clock because I've got a meeting and
at 9 o'clock it and Dean Street and then
I've got another meeting at 11:30 and
then I think I'm going to go for coffee
with Susie hello October and then come
home and I might go for dinner with my
best friend so yeah I thought that
seeing is I'm going to be myself and
it's not going to be like a huge big
celebration I thought that I would vlog
it with all of you guys I thought it'd
be quite a nice little vlog to do I kind
of want to start doing vlogging more
anyway let's stop rambling on about it
and let's start opening so we'll start
with this one this little pink envelope
my name on it and I can't remember any
of these alone so I'll find out when I
open them
- Lydia wishing you a wonderful birthday
and Dave enjoying all the things that
you like best
have a great day love from Pauline and
Keith another pink one with my name on
the first on your birthday with love
today's a day to celebrate all the
things that make you special not sure
about that
on your birthday would love to Lydia
because someone is special and lovely is
you deserve nothing less with love
have a lovely day all I love everyone
Marc that's from Ali's mom and stepdad
it's another one with my name on it I
think I remember who this one is from
though
happy birthday Lydia love from Frankie
Ashley and the boys oh that's my is
there like my dad's and my stepmoms best
friends and I'm like we like grew up
with their sons as well so that's from
then the pink one you put a little
sparkle into every day on that such a
nice cars more than a little happy
birthday I have a great day and another
fabulous year lots of love dad
Tara Alice and Lulu's so that's my dad
and my stepmom and my sister and the dog
like my grandma's handwriting anywhere
Oh standard 100 pound check from my
grandma to Lydia happy birthday we'd
love from grandma thanks grandma
for that - a pair of shoes than this one
is my name is from slowly dad stepmom
happy birthday looking good birthday
girl that dear Lydia wishing you a very
happy birthday I have a lovely day with
love and best wishes from Angie B and
Archie Archie the dog Baxter have a
magical unicorn filled birthday Lydia -
Lydia a happy birthday have a fabulous
day
love Ally seller Pippa and Bibi leave me
know oh god sake sorry about that
Looney likes to get involved in these
things yeah so that was a unicorn card
from Ali's and brother and his wife and
there
then we've got a li big card and he's
probably gonna kill me for opening this
on camera but I don't care ah you see
that that's a picture of us in Lisbon
that photographer Jane we've got FinTech
of us walking down like like Abu Nevada
cheese it's really nice that's like one
of my favorite pictures it says happy
birthday Lydia on it
obviously my birthday dear Lydia
happy birthday all the loving wishes to
the one that makes my life complete have
a great day and sorry I can't be here
with you love you always
Allie and then I heard that I've got a
picture of Lee me who I caught a goodbye
then I just got a little like bag of
just some little bits that my dad
brought me my dad and my stepmom the
only reason that I have a kitchen is
because it came with the house ha ha ha
ha secretary I can't cook I don't really
have anything else to open because I
didn't really know what I wanted for my
birthday tonight the things that I want
for my birthday alike a new house and
stuff like that and I'll see I don't
want someone to buy in your new house I
want to buy myself a new house but those
are the kind of things that I want so I
don't really want much else I just got
my new cars so that's like yeah I didn't
really want anything so anyway I better
get to bed because it's so late and I
have to be down in London super early
tomorrow so yeah it's just me and lumps
we're just going to know gone it's weird
I've never had a birthday when I'm good
by myself but that really oh it's
probably gonna make Ali upset watching
this back but yeah yeah
well I will see you guys in the morning
and what kind of a fun-filled day in
London I guess so yeah sweet dreams good
morning everyone
it's my birthday oh god it's not great
sizing the older that I get the more
boring this guess so yeah I'm literally
just wearing an all-black outfit I
couldn't be less infused it's my
birthday right now radiation and I've
got my caffeine
in streetcar house with one of my
favorite hair care Brown and I'm not
being sweet has it sign up so I'm going
to go and have breakfast that it's so
early that my eyes like they feel puffy
and like really like close still
I need to like wake up I need a coffee
that's what I need yeah we're going to
have some breakfast and then I'm going
to quickly run up as counselor
anything and
yeah hopefully getting some shopping so
I'm just out of my first meeting and I
haven't ever avocados eggs
Rebecca this is so much better than I
have a copy guys I might pick one up on
the way to my next meeting
now I've gotta get to embankment because
I'm going to go and look at them
I wear stuff and yeah got some really
good stuff to time so nice show you for
this
so now we are at embankment and oh my
god the day just keeps getting better
it's so nice out
and it just looks so pretty London looks
so pretty notice I'm doing walking as
well one thing that I said I'm going to
do a lot more this summer is walking
London because I don't live in London I
live in the countryside I never know
where I am when I'm here so I wanted to
make more of a point of the walking
masive and getting to know London and
like finding what we get one over
finding it like really nice places to go
and like eat and little cafes and also
just a girl hidden gem so I'm going to
be doing a lot more little King and I
guess you guys will come with me on that
as well but yeah now I'm going to make
my way to my next appointment
and then I'm done for the day
Londyn always makes me feel so
insignificant and small
so just finished up on my last meeting
of the day and now
get some lunch because I'm absolutely
given up looking for my birthday present
because I honestly just can't decide on
anything I don't stand like usually I'm
so good at it but yeah I'm gonna go and
actually meet Chloe and Jana now which
is like a this was not planned but
they're in London anyway so I'm really
gonna leave them now and have a little
bit of lunch I think before I meet Susie
I'm going to Brooklyn Ravens and then to
lots of places that I've never been done
before
and I'm already lost how always loves in
London good mind
so a little bit of everything I thought
that Brook and Raven was a coffee shop
and it's not a coffee shop it was like a
showroom space but I am with Chloe a big
day
now I'm too wasted
No
don't put me down
still on
and fake tan
so I just got home and I was coming home
to a very lonely Looney and Ali's home
oh I can't believe it I've comments
touch my stuff as well I saw this oh my
god I'm so excited
so these are the three bunches of
flowers I've come home to this beautiful
one is from the girls at reward style
and this massive one is from everyone at
James grand my management and then these
ashley me and then these are from Ali's
dad and B I'll it I don't know what to
do with them all I've never ever had so
many beautiful flowers so we're just in
and we do it
oh we just in the car we're on our way
to be weapons and arms and we're going
to have dinner with my best friend and
half my friend and - such a nice
surprise but this one with me
did she I thought I was like just coming
home to have like a takeaway with my
best friend it's so funny these sausages
for tea no tea sausages
you
that one
are you
yeah
3q
thank you
I feel it now it's what the pharmacist
then
I got it made with everything on it
they do a full-on job on the first I
know yeah more for things you know too
much
I
like
okay
thank you thank you
hey-ya
thank you
good morning everyone it's the morning
after my birthday it's Friday and I let
myself have it a little bit of a sleep
in because yesterday was just so full-on
and just like so much it was just I was
just I can still can't get my head
around how much of a good day I had and
and I'm just so glad that I've loved it
because I'm now like looking over the
footage on the camera and I'm just like
I had such a good day but yeah I just
wanted to say like the biggest thank you
um I usually like to reply to every
single person that we should be happy
birthday I remember one year before I
had my blog I spent basically you know
the best part of my day saying thank you
to everyone on Facebook that had said
said happy birthday to me because it
just meant so much to me and this year
it's not being possible and because
there's a lot more people a lot more
people more than I ever imagined but and
it was just insane so I was like going
into meetings and I was coming out and
my phone was dead and it was just
incredible so yeah anyone that tweeted
me or snapped me or wrote on my Facebook
wall or sent me a text message or what's
that message or whatever anyone that
said happy birthday to me thank you so
much because honestly that was the most
amazing birthday I have ever had and
just the sheer outpouring of love I know
that everyone gets love on their
birthday and I'm acting like I've won
Miss World or something but it just it
just means so much to me so yeah thank
you so much it's just so funny how it
turned out because I thought to myself
I've loved this because I'm not showing
my birthday with anyone Ally's not going
to be home until Friday night so I'll
just log it and share it with you and
then I got to share it with like so many
amazing people and share it with you
guys it just makes me want to vlog more
but I just had such a nightmare with it
I had to change cameras and I was
running out of battery I ran out of
battery in London so I didn't get to
vlog when I was with Suze which was just
a nightmare but yeah hopefully I'll do
more of this going forward because I've
really enjoyed it but yeah I'm going to
stop going on and now
yeah and I'm not gonna say thank you
access today like a million times but
thank you obviously if you want to like
follow along with more stuff than I've
always linked my social media below like
Twitter and Instagram and snapchat like
snapchat like me vlogging all the time
anyway so difficult vlogging and
snapchatting at the same time and also
if you're new to my channel please do
subscribe because it's just it gets more
and more exciting the more of you that
follows so yeah it's just it means the
world to me so yeah anyway I'll see you
in my next video thank you so much bye
