good morning everyone it is Easter and
holiday which means we get Friday and
Monday off kind of I have like five
seconds to vlogs because I'm really late
me in which are going to meet my parents
for breakfast at Lakewood Edith's house
which is so nice I'm going to vlog today
Friday and then again on Sunday so you
guys will see like half of my Easter
holiday weekend let me quickly show you
one wearing today this is my new Bella
Floyd jumper which I love this is the
first time it's having a little team I'm
wearing at my Topshop belt and gap jeans
and converse shoes with pink socks that
I think I need to change I'm attempting
to do it all this weekend
take photos blog and take some Instagram
photos as well
Edith's house it's such a nice little
cafe a theme for breakfast with my
friend Hannah and we were there for
three and a half hours
it's dog for anything which is very cute
perky my parents bringing Gino I just
can't get over the baked beans I had
lost them they had slight little wooden
spoon and it was so cute so I'm hungry
and I'm looking for to a breakfast they
have a little Bowl and a bottle of water
so a label on that so cool so well do
you know that to you
Joonas a little head thing on there
she's got a sore head which got caught
on the head I want to give you guys it
up for the treasure on it's all done up
like this look like an old lady's house
but there's an actual pink bathroom here
and then it can get about
the food there is so so delicious we
were just saying how you know sometimes
you ever cooked breakfast you feel a bit
heavy and bloated afterwards but it's
just such good food you feel great after
so yummy we are now I think we're gonna
head to the conservatory at a good while
it's the Barbican it's like an indoor
jungle basically and I always see people
there but never be and you know I get so
mad when things are in London and I
haven't read people so we're going to
head to Barbican I think the don't hire
Highbury fields because you know even a
walk in a week
didn't take long to drive actually in
town and I think we're by the Barbican
now so it's like an in door greenhouse
it's only open on Sundays and back
holidays and that kind of all I know
there's like loads of different flowers
and stuff in there okay on the Barbican
now we need to find Oh looks like that's
a greenhouse up there
what you think that your mother into the
tree I liked the conservatory but it
definitely wasn't as further as I was
expecting
there were like two other girls in there
trying to get a good Instagram or things
to come like the Instagram place
guessing looks better on Instagram that
is a real life but let's go in me and my
dad loved trees and plants but wow look
at this it is amazing something we have
been joined by some ducky friends please
everyone hello oh my god pop sound of
icy gonna be freak there's one
it's so nice and quiet in London because
I think all the Londoners were single
the Londoners have gone away for the
weekend everyone I know it's on a wafer
is the back on the weekend so it's
really nice and quiet lovers we're just
going to head to a restaurant calls in
narrowboat for lunch I've never been my
parents recommend it and it's just by
the canal so we can have a little walk
afterwards we've had a really nice day
actually in lunch was really nice and we
just had a little like wander around
Camden Passage and stuff and I think now
we're going to head home because careful
stop I'm going to come back you guys
I've got loads of work to do obviously
today is actually a Friday so I'm going
to head back and do some work I'm also
planning restaurant ten so we've got to
get on with that and do some planning
and then I can go stay in tonight and
maybe get takeaway we're going to go up
to ten on Sunday to see my sister
actually no we just decided we're going
to go up tomorrow night stay the night
because there's a spare room and then
spend some day there with all the family
I'll be really nice Richard going to the
gym and I'm going to sit on the sofa and
watch some TV for what's the time I'm
going to give myself half an hour and
I'm going to be some work I might do on
say been lying on the sofa reading a
book and rich just came back with a
massive cream egg easter egg I really
want some chocolate I'm going to crack
this open mmm I first cream egg of the
year you're going to break up this baby
don't you on the glass you actually were
you actually going to do it on the glass
table there's a mole I just follow my
god my super strength
hahaha oh so sweet
so the I'm gonna vlog again on Sunday
will be in Kent
so see you guys in my name it's Sunday
and we're going to go check the Easter
Bunny's been too early something just
right if I have more and my boss
take me share my motto Susan oh my god
the biggest garden ever honey follow me
Susie
Wow oh my god there's so many by the
trees oh yes much needed tea rich
already been out for a run because he's
crazy what's going to go like seven yeah
it's nicer than terrain say poor
raincoat hey can you show me how many
eggs be found yeah you're going to share
them out yeah Wow baby's got loaded you
both followed
so we have come to Kent my sister and
her family rented a house all weekend so
we thought we'd come up last night for
the night here and then have the day and
the rest of my family are coming up to
lunch now I think my parents stayin here
where we stayed tonight it's so nice
having a long weekend and also it's so
good for vlogging because I've logged on
Friday and I have a day off and then I
drop today and then I get another day
off tomorrow it doesn't feel like I've
blocked the whole weekend yeah you've
done it wrong again
when I go and then put over pinch it put
over and under yes
Oh nearly pinch it under over keep
hugging tight nearly okay mommy she
knows how to do that in a minute okay
maybe I'm not doing real fulfillment me
do my makeup because Bailey was paid
cuts cradle six enriches getting dressed
in the background I'll see you in a
minute I've kind of locked myself in the
bathroom so that I can do my hair yeah
I'm gonna straighten my hair and then
put in some nice wave because I like how
they am like drop out throughout the day
knowing me I always have to straighten
my hair first because I always wake up
with slightly curly hair also I struggle
to do my hair without watch the video
that's on a decision
we were dancing on quite a record
okay even right here it's done
straightened it and I put some waves in
it and I'm actually not going to show
I'm going to get rich to come in and
take a nice photo of me using this fit
Instagram so if you want to use it more
as the shampoo again spray it from that
far away but then you just like massage
it into the root I like to use it more
than mid to end length but you can the
whole point is it's a shampoo and
conditioner so you can massage it into
the roots as well just so it's very
really close up let's get on with the
day right that Instagram
about 45 minutes maybe being rich nearly
killed me I was so bad making him help
me on a weekend I think the kids are
outside playing rugby and surges here
about to pop can it do that movie thing
again excuse me
you thought that stage we have puts like
his elbows through his stomach and it's
really freaky all right in this cute
little song shop I'm around here it
would probably be close Lee since we're
going to have vegetable lunch slight
problem though my dad is stuck my
parents have an electric car and they
they works out like the mileage is to
get here and it was absolutely fine it
was a petrol station that had like a
charger they just got the deflation and
the charge is not working so they can't
charge the car and they've got ten miles
left so we're we're not really sure
what's going to happen hopefully they're
going to make it but in the meantime
we're going shopping sorry
mmm mince pies you can get cute or
basket assholes there's a whole freezer
full of possums and planet replies that
you actually cook in the office
these colors in honey color info is
amazing
I'll come back to the house and we're
going to play it off the main game of
Scrabble which I don't think I've ever
actually played forever like now I'm
getting really bad at this but
we are on our way home we left the
craziness in that house all the kids
like Athanasius things in the door and
it was all a bit mental we're now
heading back upstream reading some
comments from my video that went up
today which was like how to incorporate
more color into a wardrobe and a little
haul our link our communities hasn't
seen it yet just want to say thanks for
all your lovely comments I've noticed
since I got back from South Africa I did
that let's catch up video and then I to
my Q&A s that loads more people who
don't usually comment a comment in and
it's so nice it's such a different like
vibe in the comment section so thank you
to those who kind of said their comment
even if you don't usually comment really
nice of you and well so we're going to
say oh and I think I decided I'm going
to take that blazer back I haven't done
it yet
but it looks good in photos I just don't
think I'd get enough wear of it so first
take it back and buy something else
maybe or just keep the money if I don't
think I'm gonna wear it that much but
thankfully I'll comment on the blazer
which is gonna watch a film while I
start editing this vlog because I'm busy
all day tomorrow and then it'll be
Tuesday so I need to start this edit
maybe get most of it done now and I'll
check in with you guys
officer what film you're watching
something that I wouldn't really want
yeah oh my gosh I nearly forgot to end
my vlog I've just been editing and
watching Keeping Up with the Kardashians
and I'm going to end slug here I'm going
to link my last video here if you
haven't yet seen it I'm not talking to
your ending myself if you haven't seen
my last video I'm gonna link it here and
I really hope you guys enjoyed my kind
of half weekend flog and if you had a
really nice Easter long bank holiday
weekend as well I hopefully see you on
Sunday for my next video although I
don't know what it's going to be and I
haven't filmed it yet but fingers
crossed something is coming I'll see you
guys in my next video
