there you go thank you so what this is
really hot tea oh I've got some Queen
Earl Grey tea here in my Kylie Minogue
mug in my Kylie Minogue glasses anyway
just before Christmas Sid and I got to
go to the launch event of Kylie
Minogue's I wear collection I'm a bit
late so we go in
Liat did with me is off oh nice
hi dude hi so let's go in it was at the
Claridge's Hotel it was the first time
I'd been there because I'm not much of a
posh nosh you see it was very fancy
fancy let me just talk about why I wore
first of all think of it without that
Claridge is I thought let me make a bit
of an effort obviously so this is one
wearing this is the cloakroom whether we
can do this all right
oh my decided to wear really nice
roughly trousers and in dark navy dress
paired with it and I wore this really
nice time auntie choker but I got so
many compliments for so we went inside
went to the cloakroom put our coats away
in fact they were separate cloakroom
there's one for ladies and one for the
Sun the men's nakum's that way though so
said bye-bye
seeing is where the Claridge's obviously
I wasn't going to Nick anything right
also it's illegal what I did manage to
do is take a selfie with every pair that
I like so what out for those pictures on
Instagram to date anyway after having a
look at the whole collection and meeting
new people and trying very interesting
canapes we were all led into the main
room where we actually got to see the
collection in action in a fashion show
posted by the one and only Emma Willis
can see the preview of the Connie knows
I won't mention spectators one
aerated practice that will appeal to
stylish concert women they wanted a true
global fashion icon
obviously Kylie know for that person not
typically expected as well you can
either to a 90 day and six apart in
Europe to collect a secret service that
is 25 optical and 5 sunglasses and there
it looks absolutely enter each occasion
and reason to finish supple modern
classics and all of the styles have a
sense of elegance and femininity here
though is quick taster as what you are
asking there were three categories that
all blinged reinvented vintage and
modern classics by far my favorite was
the reinventing about that I thought my
favorites were the reinvented vintage
glasses they were just a hundred percent
d√∂ner written all over them except they
had kindly written all over them because
obviously they can't even Oh glasses
ha shisha was amazing it was so fun to
watch really lively really upbeat the
atmosphere was above them then once it
was over Kylie Minogue herself came out
audience got to chat with her and Emma
willand where she talked to us about the
collection how she got to designing it
her love for glasses and all things
frames I'm very very proud of his room
his glasses are at the Parkway of their
lives and if you could pick anyone who
would not be wearing a bucket decide to
use because I learn me um it's a Queen
of England
commencing a victory round if you
shorted out 11 amazing time of night I
know my my phone is very much looking
forward to choosing probably one of
everything from the range I'm a Roman
citizen any family has verses yes always
boy thank you for being with us today I
mostly find something that you like on
the city walls thank you very much
it was so fabulous to see her in real
life she's very genuine very
down-to-earth as he went on the stage
when everything was done and had a
cheeky photo session there you know
whenever you find perfect location guys
from Instagram opportunity you must take
it so I did
when you go to these things unit we have
some more time mingling I confirmed what
glasses I wanted which are these babies
over here the candy 13 remember the
style for when they launched on the 14th
of February then we have to go so on the
way out I got a goodie bag mate - goodie
bag once a dude but what's it gonna do
it devices not my kinda dude I thought
what I would do is open the goody bags
for you guys on camera
we actually got to vide bags so I've
already opened one and I've been using
the things that are in one but this is
SIDS what I thought I'd keep closed and
open it for you guys so let's go ahead
and do that shall we
okay first things first we have a Kylie
Minogue mug which is one I'm actually
sipping my tea out of for the festive
said you may now use it then we have the
Kylie Minogue eyewear catalog let me
just show you these ones these are the
Kylie 16 look at those Oh wonderful away
oh so much chic oh that's actually
giving me some absolute inspiration
there thanks Kylie some
keilly cards if I was the gift a pair of
Kylie glasses I probably write a little
message and then send it off we have a
Specsavers USB stick so that you don't
lose your pictures of you in your Kylie
glasses obviously have something that I
actually have no idea what it is
whatever oh it's a pouch it's a Kylie
Minogue Powerbank oh wow we have the
most beautiful glasses case on the
planet look at all the shines look at
all the shiny look at all the shiny mean
but it guys I hope you enjoyed this
little vlog and I shall see you in my
pair I get I'm going to go for something
a little bit more crazy than these
anyway thanks for watching lipstick
marks till next time bye
