no I don't believe it morning guys
we are in Richmond Park Richmond Deer
Park looking for Diaz we've been here
about an hour so far no luck
we forgot the pram this is been carrying
her yay
just having someone Hannah's pepper she
loves tough as this was Marshall on who
the hell wears black skinny jeans on a
day like this how am I getting a bit
tired I'm being carried and that's how
much chasing said shudder actually
obsessed with shadows right now guys I
just as we're leaving in the car we've
got the beer time I can even be in place
in the world he didn't Winky biggest Hey
yes entertaining herself with speaking
well thank you okay thank you and
nothing you haven't have a box like
sticker obsession
you showed us just because like thank
you thank you I remember that play I
told you I bought another start to
finish then a winner won specifically by
pretty much use it for every meal
obviously you guys have notice I'm
always in the same pretty normally I
switch between this one and a black one
but the black one is like in
all of my clothes are in bin bags so
this is why I'm not really getting
dressed properly unless I have somewhere
proper to be I have been out for the
last three or four hours I went to the
salon
got myself a little manicure and I got
my hands and fingers waxed because it
makes all the difference in keeping your
hands looking smooth and more like
useful
I also got my moustache relaxed and I
just got to take the gun with me I
completely forgot and then I went and
got did I forget from this favorite
Vietnamese place no I thought let me get
a Vietnamese coffee so that's chilling
over there go experiment it well I
bought that I'd already bought was on
the flat white from Calvin Harris and
I'm just sitting between two coffees a
hot one other :
I bought hundreds of stickers and she's
sticking them on the YouTube notebook
you love stickers on you did you say
thank you mama
kisses thank you in fact sex I help you
a few which one do you want the big
sheep baa baa sheep Bubba on the
notebook they go you put on the
notebooks lovely I like that
Master P's you've made what a lovely
collage Hannah I think another sheep
that pink sheep pink sheep for a few
things wrong tiger but I show you guys
many more these two cute mug classic
cups with straws and then this combi
cutlery string light for a long Hannah
bear done I helped you again help you
thickly please and then you run off none
of what batteries obviously for the
light bulb so Syria mirror because
currently our room isn't set up so I'm
finding it difficult getting ready in
the morning and stuff and I bought this
night love and for Hannah's bedroom look
whoa yep yeah p.m. you know what grab
your hand
not normally just a blow to the cosmic
old guy just cooked up a simple dish so
I nicked off his mom actually basically
just rice and caramelized onions it
doesn't want any fishes for me Hanna
we've finally got Internet guys so you
know what that means that means Dena's
got about two weeks worth of you send us
to catch up on so how's my vlog third
ever on messages sitting Deena needs to
get back on the questions but means even
stared picked up how do I say that did
stracciatella gelato bring it on baby
early start today half eyes and Hannah's
been dropped off to nursery by Sedaris
I've just filled in my brows very likely
and we just realized that we have an
appointment with the bank 10 a.m. which
is in 10 minutes you know those days
where like you get dressed really
quickly and you don't really know what
you're wearing like you don't really
know like what is this that you're
wearing I'm having one of those days so
that's it then I'm having one of those
days but you can't really blame me
because my clothes aren't been back what
the hell is this Russian government it
guys I'd like to have crazy sensitive
skin recently not recently I see
evidence after having Hannah and look at
that literally I have a little itch and
I ditched it and it just goes right man
to finish on the pan went back and got
another Vietnamese coffee it's probably
the best coffee oh my god I just got one
of my ma'am do you know what these jeans
were looking to clean anyone ever needed
a bear fur brown stain is to be fit now
we're going back home because guess
who's coming over it sounds like it's
gonna be one my best mate or something
it's the sky TV man I can't wait let the
procrastination begin home now guys by
the way we bought a bunch of stuff from
with M&S so i just do a quick grocery
haul for you while i put it away I think
I thought KL for a mix of tomatoes and
along these strawberries blueberries
raspberries from panel of plums
little carrot a box of the watermelon
and lime juice pina colada juice drink
iced tea apple and mint and I bought
mini pita bread chilly and coriander
noodles and then rainbow vegetable
stir-fry start with the sauce the
strawberry meringue two fresh strawberry
top this acid's like favorite dessert on
the planet after twister sauce Chris
pack of two cheese twists colcannon
potato mash with savoy cabbage and
spring onions foragers haven't cup I
have been nominated for an award and
it's a pretty good award it's from the
hospital club and it's a fashion
category and I'm up against loads of
other people obviously I feel like you
know what I really want to win this I
really do I really want to win it I
never I have never won anything in my no
no well anyway happy story today I have
one sheet in my life but just to school
and stuff I've never won anything like
proper basically recognizing the work
I've done over the last few years in the
modest fashion industry so it's quite
exciting to be recognized anyway now I
really really need you guys to do
something for me
I mean you guys have done enough already
as it is you know just by being there
because my supporters but I really need
you guys to go in the link below I need
you to click on it and I really need you
to vote for me
link we have till almost the end of
August to vote and the awards are
actually in October the beginning of
October I really would just love it if I
was to win I mean I've been seeing here
practicing my acceptance speech already
John hearing John his
what are you doing no no it doesn't me
having a big bump in the car relax it
freaking out I never beg it do I have a
big it for anything
I never beg it is the most time I'm just
like we're both going to hit big of it
but you know what today I'm going to sit
here begging it please vote for me in
the link below and share it with all
your friends and stuff anyway me and say
it just had a little outing and we
filmed something as well can we just
talk about my bag black belt for a
second
fenty big bow clutch but I had to buy
this because it really reminded me of my
first ever collection where I used to
make these massive bigger than this even
oversized bow belts I'll see if I can
insert a picture our IP guys are IP
sadena the MacBook and lots of do this
content looks like this is happening
today I decided hey you know what let me
go on my laptop and I can't remember
what I want to do on to do something
right I would turn on and it just
crashed and it's dead its deck is born
you then so hot today's like 27 28
degrees look I'm going to go outside
it's lost too hot it's actually too hot
oh shit it's too hot guys this is
horrific just like a horror story than
if you can see but spiders have already
formed webs on this tree it's actually
horror story but on the phone to the
bank for about the last two three hours
because they're dumb and we have to now
go into the bank I was like relax if I
have a puzzle in the back one in Alaska
I will get me in aggressive you know
when he was saying that he's reading the
notes I was like oh shit they're going
to see what we said on the phone this
morning what I told the guys to eff off
put us at the bag oh what a headache
finally saw it whatever the stuff out
anyway the plan was to go get an epic
pizza from Pizza Street and take funny
piece of photos but we have no time
so now we're going to literally pick up
Hannah
and I'll sit with a partner what do you
think of new lands dear hold on a
super-duper now I need to do supermarket
and get some milk and stuff and then
should we try if she's in a good mood
sure with this piece of street and just
do anyway having one of those morning's
what's bad is this situation on this
morning's one is not morning one
Thursday's we're like you know when you
just got so much to do and so much think
about that like if you literature all
those things and you don't know what's a
lot like I'm so continue I'm so comfy
used I'm having such a confusing day
today has a been a confusing David such
a way to do things so knowing that we
already mid mid week tomorrow we've got
stuff to do and then Friday the whole
day is going to be gone literally for a
full minute interview oldc how annoying
reserved look who's back from nursery
causing havoc in the supermarket in the
basket please don't open it open i evil
in the basket if this is gonna lay down
others laying down wrong if this you
running over now okay well yes thank you
I don't know yeah that's enough don't
you think
well I think a choice hi Mac open it she
saying she's saying open it you never
have loli later Oh mom oh man did just
got chips guys
yeah the vinegar of course always been a
gone there cuz I love it some night Oh
wah-wah no more monkeys jumping on the
bed five little monkeys jumping on the
bed one fell off and bumped his head
oh yeah yeah oh and on that farm he had
a sheep eieio with a neigh neigh hey
Leigh Hearon any Deveny
everywhere else name a guy so um she's
just gone in the shop to take my Mac
bookings for repairing basically because
planning to save some a lot of things on
then in Sean Maher we can but anyway
gesture to see have finally uploaded her
second vid on youtube the first one was
the Q&A i did with her just to help her
get side she's finally done a second
video and it's another Q&A but this time
is with a husband penny and anyway start
talking about it sama phobia and white
privilege in the video and i just
thought i'd comment on it because it's
something that music is spoken on I
don't know a shot member how many times
or how briefly or how not briefly before
but something that we as a family talk
about that because there's a lot of
people not understanding in the comments
and they're all why people get offended
by being told that they have white
privilege which is really stupid
how long since backs it because it's not
an offense it's not a label it's about
why producing it is
it's a thing it's a fact it's a factual
thing it's a thing that happens in
society it's a thing it's not like if I
say you've got white privilege oh I have
white privilege because I do because I'm
halfway it's not like a personal thing
it's not it's not an offensive thing to
say it's a thing it's just like think
there's racism in this world it's a fact
that that's something that happens you
know to see and Perry are talking about
how you know Perry has white privilege
you know he can walk out the door and be
seen as a normal person normal white man
he doesn't mention well because that
society's society sees white as normal
this is what white privileges which is
what I want to get you suppose racking
my brains trying to figure out how to
explain this to people because it's
literally some people take it personally
because it's not to do with poverty not
to say that why people don't go through
struggle is to say that the white race
is seen as the norm whereas every other
race is not seen as the norm to get me
that's the privilege and obviously with
being seen as normal and comes many many
benefits that they will never ever see
or realize unless they can change their
age which we can't or unless they look
visibly like for example me to see
because we wear scars we look visibly
different and what I was the want to say
it means you see a half white half
Egyptian quite clearly we have light
skin we have my skin color but we look
different because we wear scarf doing
that that obviously we get seen as seen
differently but we also have privileges
white privilege is compared to let's say
a black Chevy to get me privileges for
being white within artists and
communities within lots and lots of
different things as well so it's not
just like a the cookie she's in a scarf
do she also has privileges but they'll
be different there'll be you know
there'll be everybody have different
depends on your context and everything
but for example to see is a
light-skinned me and TCR light-skinned
hijab you girls will also have white I
can imagine if I was a lot darker I
would experience I would experience life
slightly differently I was reading to
the comments and somebody somebody did a
really nice short straight-to-the-point
comment explaining what it is for the
people who don't understand I thought
I'd read out because
actually that's why I'm just the one to
say but they said it great and this is
from something called internet for an
internet freak and then the term white
privilege is basically not being seen as
different it's not a way of saying white
people don't suffer through life or so
or suffer poverty etc it's simply saying
that you are not seen as someone
different every race that's not white is
always labeled white race is never a
label it's considered the norm you are
privileged for that means that we're
talking about even in the Asian
community if there's a light-skinned
girl like skin Asian girl compared to a
dark-skinned asian girl not it's not
just asian community even the Arab
Beauty freaking everywhere man black
communities if you're light-skinned in
any other race you are seen as more
beautiful and some people get confused
and be like well that's not white
privilege that's just like a cultural
gobbler is white privilege because
whites and being white is seen as the
norm and a student seen as beautiful and
so other cultures and races want that so
it's white privilege because the girl
who looks more white gets treated bare
to get me I just wish they would just
wouldn't go over the head I wouldn't go
through it and that's all white people
who don't understand what white
privilege is and not just white people
that also to all people just people who
don't understand it because even if
you're Asian but you are fair and you
are light skin you have privileges
within your community you even have
privileges out and about because you
look more familiar to the norm you get
me society sees you in a better light
thank you is that better than they would
for a person who was in the same say a
person who had the same status had the
same amount of money you have had the
same current life cetera but they were a
person of color you would have it better
I love my white homies I love white
people I love my white yeah I'm your
right eye I love you alright I'm not a
why here okay you know my daughter's go
away I'm not white here I just I just
dislike I really really dislike it
an ignorant white people that really
does my head back in IKEA second home
kids have enough 5e so um over the last
20 minutes there was a huge big argument
in our V campaign there's a big argument
about it nothing more not like the guy
was about her not someone else
and I'm like it was basically about is
about not being served the one side of
the country had clothes called
serving which is finished but the guys
came thought that he was not being
served because he's black so he it's not
is it
I guess it did look like that I did look
like that suddenly all sudden guys in
the back home my battery died Makia I
know I told you in last week's vlog that
I'll show you a bedroom situation you're
going to be disgusted and disappointed
in me are you asked me ready for it okay
go this is the current situation here's
the mirror that we had in the other
house hand am yeah i don't know what
half of this is poor Shoji over there I
don't even know where I'm going to start
but we in Sydney to organize this
slightly today so that we can use it
before wardrobes come and the waters are
going to go all along here so things
will be a lot easier once they've
arrived
wish me luck we are disgusting it's
Friday morning and my MacBook is looking
fly
thanks to my creative and smart and
wonderful little daughter Hannah
masha'Allah surprise surprise a divorce
citizen money to slap head way
I'm joking guys last night I don't know
why we didn't vlog it but it was really
late at night Syd came up to me handed
me the raise the Clipper a razor things
and he goes shave me edge and I went
you're on this is what happened and I
for one think he looks hot ever hail
Baldy no you look hot he was looking I
think it looks lovely honestly I was
evolved is open oh he's fed up with
barbers he went for care I don't want
hair wide what
hat so they can fuck up me have rather
car
yo yo yo guys what I go on Inc what I
wanted to tell you is it's been a long
time because I was always a nickel so I
thought you know what let me fill myself
put myself looking pretty ok on the
downs loves long as the time since you
saw me where I animate look at it I'm
not just like eyeliner like that is a
big flick Deena don't do that Deena last
time Deena did that was when she was 17
mate not sure if I like it but anyway I
just from the video for my channel right
over there and it was a tryout hole
which can I just say was the funnest
kind of hole I have ever done in my life
I'll be doing that a lot more lemme tell
you
so don't have a go first impressions of
the actual clothes but it's not first
impressions of the brand because I've
obviously shot some based off numerous
time but if there are any brands that
you guys would like me to try but I may
have never tried or that you guys have
never tried what you want to but you
don't want to buy and still some bill
tries it and you know good not then let
me know I'll try it before you buy okay
as long as I don't need the data
transferred
do you reckon it can get done in the
same day tomorrow or my god I look like
fucking Gobstopper
uncle stop guys we're going to go
unified Gobstopper I just have like a
big wash mother I was going to wobbly
wort we are going to Nando's we just
both have the feelings of numbers but oh
my god I can't oh my god so can I just
get please all you come with on this I
look like the guys you know they go oh
you know the yellow Buster's in Sin City
that's why I look like right now I'll
google him clever you make it so guess
I'll share it did you need that Oh
does anybody watch Game of Thrones
this is what happened with whitewater
Township I hate that we take the bus
back and is looking for bread and Sun
and eyes Saturday morning did made
omelet with crispy kale
I ordered argan oil and castor oil from
Amazon since obviously shave his head
and I want to make my hair healthier
these things for Amazon I'm going to mix
them put them in this light spray bottle
so that me and system have like an easy
or you'll to apply without getting too
messy and too sticky look what's just
flown in I genuinely don't know what the
hell this is but the cat oh my god the
cats are really oh my god this is
freaking out can you guys even see the
final necklace you can aways that
Chaplin find it bro I kidding you to
make is in your monza it is 10:00 to
3:00 and it's taking us about taking us
very many hours to get out of house I
don't know why Hannah like all of us
still environment this is Hannah fell
asleep while eating enough a plan was
did something's going to come over I was
going to take them to South Hall because
I were you on do south of I don't do
alone
but that's canceled now so now we're not
going south all could be on do alone or
we don't we don't mind doing it alone
but we don't want to do it alone with
Hannah because obviously going to wanna
walk around and let her focus so we're
going to go to the HomeSense instead and
see if I can get furniture for me office
and if we can get venture for the
dancers
I know I took thousands of them because
there are no new balloons up this yes as
you didn't tell you but we ended up
going to the home since all the way in
Maidenhead because the one in great
cross is closer but the traffic means it
was about a little we're extra yeah yeah
we're putting in a pram yeah we're here
I'm just constantly in love with most of
the furniture in home home but I
literally don't know what I would get
that's the problem getting this coffee
table guys says to pick up do you think
I'll go to I Hannah's gone up you're
bonkers obviously did it heart because
those issues in the cards you just want
to run around so thankfully we found
this cute little kids park right next to
the retail park where she is going to
release their energy and afterwards we
can carry out shopping and maybe decided
to opt for cartoon entertainment whether
the damage we caused and now we're about
believe shamelessly yep
I have some progress that a little bit
at the table and was that we bought
today but cushion is not being there
obviously but the whole done so far by
the way who wants to see a home where
Hall I think that's gonna be I'm going
to end the night now with a Fredo
so goodbye guys if you like this week's
vlog and I'll see you on next week's one
til next time
channa
