the shop mr. haha I'll tell you what I'm
saying 10 more minutes in bed no more
loud alright saying that I have I've got
a car coming mustache what's the time
it's still really early I'm shoumatoff
it's caught - 9 don't wait no it's not
caught oh it's caught it a day I've got
car picking me up about 1 um - take me
I'm going up to North London right - you
know earlier on in the vlog where me and
Caspar went to NCS in Essex somewhere in
Essex to go and prank that room for the
kids and happen with their t-shirts we
are heading up there again today to see
that meet the two finalists the two
finalists of that competition we're
going up there to meet them and work
with them and the rest of the a sauce
team and sort of produce the the top two
t-shirts and help along with that and so
then it goes to a fleet to a public vote
by film some gaming videos yesterday so
I'm I trying to edit when is gaming
videos as well yeah I played Deal or No
Deal I mean I know if you know if you
watch the series I did on my gaming
channel where me and man and well we're
not me man and I'd love to get my Nanna
involved oh actually that would be good
I basically play games that my nan watch
the TV shows off so like things like
countdown well they haven't done
countdown yet some rubbish that kind of
thing um pointless the chase I've
recently filmed catchphrase and Deal or
No Deal
and Deal or No Deal is like there's no
real skill involved it's all down to
luck but it's like oh cool blimey is a
good game I'll leave a link at the
description below to my gaming channel
today actually tonight it's in my diet
my diary I've got a gaming session
tonight with Ollie white and we're
playing we're being back I know a lot of
you excite about this we're bringing
back GTA GTA 5 videos with me and all
your white anyway I'm gonna get outta
bed and start the day let's go
I still don't care what anyone says
these are still the best I think one of
the best purchases I've ever made in my
life they're about to pound 50 from
Thailand
I just lounging
or sleeping in if you're cold whatever
these are the best I wish I could women
public and not get judged for breakfast
wait where the bloody how is Ollie gone
holy your and the cook with you around
the corner what the hell oh my god oh
you doing how do you measure lock
yourself out overnight you must be very
look very annoyed I don't know if I
wanna let you in so you're gonna punch
me or throw an ice cream at me if I let
you back in and it's just there there
there we go that there okay you stay
there and just while st. my breakfast at
least Gible watch these vlogs now and
just think I think Joe is starting to
lose the plot a little bit well I think
he's gone a little bit loopy he's
talking to a cardboard cutout on a daily
basis and we don't seem communicate with
many normal people I think I'm I'm a
little bit worried about Joe don't worry
don't worry I'm also a little bit
worried I don't I just I feel too guilty
I'm sorry I let you in Oh
look so angry come on come in come on
you ready step
don't hurt me all right come in mom oh
just just come on get in get in holy no
mate there's no need to headbutt me
what's wrong with you no get away
no get leave me alone get away from me
what are you doing yeah
hello happy birthday I got but you know
I thought I bet you you think I forgot
okay so it's bit late on the day now my
car is here ready to take me away to
somewhere north on them
rubbish boxes you have to wait to a bit
later as it's time to leave
well once again I've arrived first also
apparently this building here is
actually a sauce building it looks very
Egyptian than they all that person but
once again in true Jewish traditional
YouTube style Caspar Lee is late once
again hasn't even left out she has it
just about so whilst waiting for Casper
outside to walk around the streets of
Camden turns out we're in Camden and
even realize I'm looking to get it's
like a movie or something or a drink and
some food going to cost you know it will
think enjoy watched you go for peach
lemonade and a salted caramel muffin but
we're currently a sauce on these
t-shirts NCS and Casper still wasn't
here we're still not here five years
later and Casper has a riot apparently
according to watch that he's arrived and
another believer reckon he's still stuck
in traffic
hey made it the late come up what I'm in
the lake come on do you see all the
other pretty girls yeah I know it's a
lot in there think me and Cass we're
going to change our career paths to
start working at a sauce so this is Ruby
say hello there you go me Ruby I have I
say we is more is more you but we've
come up with this design this is your
farm design for the the NCS t-shirt
actually try and focus it there to go
looking lovely I think it's good we got
that's the back on the bats that's the
back that's the front but minimal on the
front crazy on the back right we are
done we are done for the day one thing
I've realized is I need a haircut big
time
I was going to try and grow it a bit
longer or be random tree hanging out in
the sky I was gonna try and grow a bit
longer but now I've realized that it's
going for our stage where it's in the
middle when it's just join me not like a
little yeah yeah I need a back in size
job done because the end of the week I'm
actually flying to a different country
and to be hot and I don't really want
too much hair on my head things first
though thank you
office I'm like the last person in the
office pretty much I've been to be a
finishing up in a bit of work I signed
off signed stuff there's not books oh my
god my hair I signed signed a few
contracts signed my life away and also
I've got this which I'm going to show
you what it is when I get home
right I'm at home now and it is a it's a
Tuesday evening stacking one thing on
one thing only
it's time to open some post with
thatcherjoe that's never happened I
think the history this blogging channel
that's never happened anyway I've got
some posts I'm going to open it ok what
we got here
oh so thank you car thank you David and
Gemma the 10th of June 2016 I'm actually
in this picture somewhere this is the
wedding I actually blocked the wedding
member ages ago went to that wedding and
I've logged it we were out look for many
beasts it was this wedding and summer on
his picture I mean I'm definitely in
this this heart and sky but I think I'm
basically behind the tallest guy that
was there but yeah are so sweet of them
was it's inside to Joe thanks for
sharing our special day with us it meant
a lot to both of us to have you there
thank you also for your generous gifts
we put it towards our amazing honeymoon
in Sorrento and Italy hope you're well
from Dave and Gemma are blessed and they
give me four kisses each bloody ell
thank you so much guys I'm going to put
that up just here next to my kitchen
troll I'll move the kitchen off and have
it on my work surface there oh so I'm
going to play GTA with oli now online
one of these Xbox ones has my GTA
account on and I can't which one it is
I'm thinking it's that one I'm going to
take this one you'll do I've also got
the new controller as well I've got
those new Xbox controllers I might use
that but first of all Christ your Evie
Oh getting bigger and your blow dusty
right are you playing Ollie no just this
day though your ice creams are still
melt in mate just a little FYI that's
still scheduled attack me every single
time I come home I even though I know
he's there still might be jump on the
world I always think this someone's
broke into my house and is ready to kill
me I don't like it
also I lost I've lost my gaming hat the
hat but I've pretty much worn since the
start of my gaming channel I can't find
it anywhere I mentioned it in
yesterday's vlog if I didn't know I
mentioned it in a gaming video basically
this is my replacement until I can find
it I've got the replacement gaming hat
what's all person would you think would
wear a hat like this like what name
should give this her leave leave a name
Ritt below I finished them with ollie
now and we're gonna try we've we've told
ourselves going to try and make it a
regular thing I choose they evening that
we play some gaming videos together just
to have some stocked up
I mean we're filming for about an hour
and a half so that should be I reckon
about maybe three three three GTA videos
out of that we did a lot we did a few
races and it was just sort of messed
around and that kind of thing what do
you think about the Hat let me know in
the comments below
I think it's cool right don't kill
anyone says I think it's cool I just
need to learn how to there we go
oh this is so satisfying as well watch
this Oh doing that in one motion is so
nice Bryce I know these are this
couldn't be more boring it couldn't be
more boring bloody just it just
battery's sick oh my god this could be
thumbnail material doseok both batteries
hold your horses
item number two we have okay great yep
this is still not that fun it's a like a
little stand a laptop stand from MacBook
remember Age guys showed you those those
cables I got for the those long six-foot
cables for charging your iPhone I got
three more of those because one is
actually broken I plug it in it just
doesn't respond it and it's very like
sensitive so I've got three more of them
I was gonna think I think I've gone with
a different brand but then they have
such good reviews and the other ones
still work completely fine so I was
thinking maybe to do what I'd give him
one more chance
you know the are America's number one
USB charging brand after all I feel it
when people come around now they're like
Jeb go charge on are you up bitch
down there look you didn't have to ask
me to look just look around and you'll
find a charger I nearly forgot I didn't
show you what these guys gave me from
the office so basically I felt that this
whole vlog is just me showing you like
things that I've acquired today but
anyway I got some green tissue paper
which I've always wanted to thank you so
much for that and then but no honestly
so I'm going to let you into a bit of a
secret where's not really a secret I
think I've already mentioned this before
in a vlog but you
recently Wesley recently since I came
back from America filming hit the road
USA um I have not been I've not been
having great I've not been having a
great time trying to get to sleep I've
had real sleep issues he felt I've never
been a deep sleeper ever in my life I've
always been that sort of person that if
a noise happens or something someone
speaks I'll wake up and I'm very I'm
very hot which is kind of good when it
comes to pranks because it's Catholic
never pranked me when I'm asleep because
I just don't I'm not a heavy sleeper I
don't sleep through much stuff and then
since I got back from LA I've just
really struggled to stay asleep for a
whole night I don't know why I've been
going to bed admittedly ever go to bed
very very late a little like you've seen
them Twitter and stuff we can spend like
three or four when I got back and that I
thought is jet lag it turns out the jet
lag just didn't go it probably has gone
but in my mind is telling me that I'm
still on different time zone and now I'm
back on British times I'm still I just
haven't I can't remember the last time I
had a night's sleep where I didn't wake
up in the night and things I wake up
sort of I say at least twice every night
throughout the night and the other thing
is I've always find it very difficult to
actually get sleep in the first place so
finally I'm in bed but I'm just sort of
lying there thinking about stuff
thinking about future projects thinking
about future video ideas thinking about
like what the hell's in happen to
YouTube in the future like I just think
about so many different things is and
obviously my brain like I'm not gonna
lie I'm not I'm quite a magnet of person
you know I think about weird things they
need to invent something like just plug
into my head and project onto a wall
what I'm thinking which could be quite
scary he could be quite a controversial
but at night I would love you to see the
amount of things that raced through my
head it's a lot like I without a doubt I
have sleeping issues and I guess over
the last couple of weeks it's really
affected me more so so a friend of mine
also some of my work with sort of
reached out this this this company and
asked for like one product
but she knew would help get me to sleep
I think something wrong your view what
you put on your pillow and it is smelly
the Roma comes out it makes you feel
sleepy and that kind of thing they came
back they called this works modern
natural beauty they came back and gave
me a whole bag full of products to help
me sleep at night which i think is so
nicer thank you so so much for sending
it to me a really is hopefully fingers
crossed gonna help me but I'll go
through and show you what it is so first
of all we have the deep sleep I know
with these vlogs it feel more and more
like zoella everyday or Zoe sorry then I
called as well she's my sister
to bed there's actually one more thing
buddy ollie there's one more thing i
actually want to show you that came the
other day create your own a flavored
lickable blow bubbles using your
favorite beverage I am a harmless ain't
gonna try that right now let's do it
I've just got my first ever cardboard
cup
ow God you probably can't see that all
care but they got me right across where
the crease is in my hand that's gonna
really hurt tomorrow
ludie he'll pour your choice of
delicious beverage into the red line do
not drink not a food store a cool dry
area where you can't eat them I'm
confused this does not look great what
do we have milk and that's probably not
a good choice
more milk basically milk we have
lemonade or lemonade bubbles would that
be quite no would that work can it be
fizzy or I don't understand the rules
this should be interesting
here we go it goes
nothing oh and stop to the red line this
can't be good this can't be good here
oh that looks grim this does not look
great there's gonna be a massive fail in
it to be one big fail right this is
this is making a mess and it wasn't even
I don't think I was even coca-cola oh
hello
pop it all over my work top to make it
sticky in it oh no it's driven
everywhere I can't I can't lick it oh I
can't it doesn't taste anything oh this
is a good color legit I can't catch it
in time
come on down come it down here we go oh
this is pointless
Oh see then they bugger off come back
here we go our net pot yes yes yes this
is it right it's the moment this the
moment no this is now I'm just got
sticky face oh my god it's been absolute
mess yes got that one she can't taste it
ask normally that's going where I ah
that hurts more than I thought
oh the burp technique do what I'm sticky
I've been absolute mess of my kitchen
worktop um give me like two three so
pack of six like what why would you need
that sure what I'm gonna give this I'll
give this I'm gonna write this a a one
out of ten an actual I've never given a
one out of ten for many things just get
someone out of ten so there we go that
is the end of the night I am going to
stop recording now and I'm actually
going to read a few more I say chapters
but it's not chapters anymore is it it's
like it's in acts I'm currently reading
a Harry Potter and the cursed child
parts 1 & 2 oh so I'm going to read a
few scenes not chapters or the new Harry
Potter book and then call it a night so
thanks so much for watching the vlog you
did enjoy it big thumbs up leave some
comments down below if we read through
I love the comments as well like just a
general thank you um I'm trying to vlog
a lot more often now read them through
the comments after the vlogs just seeing
at how much you enjoy the vlogs it's
making me really happy so thank you so
so much for all
poor and I will see you tomorrow
hopefully actuality to work is a big
announcement coming tomorrow
a big big announcement a big reveal
slash announcement tomorrow which I'm
very excited about so I'll catch you
tomorrow
Cheers good night I'm not a vlogger I'm
still even though I'm enjoying it I'm
still not daily blog good night
