good morning so today's vlog is coming
to you from a very sunny Whitstable
Charlie and I decided to bring our two
little chaps on their first UK
staycation together and we decided to
come to Whitstable it's in I didn't
actually know where it was before I hope
you I'd check them out sing Kent in the
Southeast of England
Beach seaside air and we've just checked
in to the marine hotel is where we're
staying really lovely little room
dog-friendly which is the most important
thing and we're just about to take the
boys down to the beach even Dexter's
never been to the beach before so it's
gonna be so nice to see if he can swim
I'm just kidding he's definitely not
gonna go and see um but it's gonna be
really nice to take them down to the
beach and neither Charlie nor I have
been twistable before so we kind of were
just looking at a map where to
southeastern trains go and Whitstable
just caught our eyes so we've chosen our
dates really well it says it's 22
degrees actually it feels more like 28
degrees here so we're just going to get
changed with my travel outfit and going
to explore the town on the seaside with
our - a little chat what do you think
boys should we go to the seaside shall
we go to the seaside come on in let me
get changed
so our hotel is literally right on the
beachfront it's a little promenade
behind me this is the view from the
other direction it's so still today even
the wind turbines in the distance aren't
even moving which makes me really
tempted to try some paddleboarding I
think we're going to have a look in the
town and see what's on offer so we have
walked around 20 minutes down the kind
of coastal pathway with the dogs and I
think now we're in a town called town
kitten so we need to go one street back
to find the high street I'm still
craving my terms
it really will find a good chippies
basically we haven't made any particular
plans
aside from half thinking about what pub
we go things night for dinner so yeah
we're just going to take it take it easy
with these little day trips all about
try to through taking photos off these
colorful huts I didn't realize that
these yeah like beach huts versus
realizing the winds picked up you
probably can't hear me but yeah we're
going to Kerala exploring start making a
when I get my chance
okay so I'm officially one very happy
girlie I've got my fish and chips or
technically I've got my back sausage and
chips on the seaside with my three boys
thanks to sunbathing the consistent
shade whether you go darling ciao scoffs
Campion chips European I've got my
bachelor search it's amazing to think
that this type of tranquillity is just
over an hour out of London
okay so you know how I said a minute ago
that Dexter wouldn't be going in to see
well now has already changed so Dexter
just decided to have her till after a
massive seagull continued to follow him
into the sea and he's now a very wet
puppy dog 28
these two little rascals so naughty
jellies now having to carry a very wet
Dexter come here Rooney my sake boy
Georgia little chap have you been for a
swim little man there you've been swim
not sure if you can see me because it's
so lovely and bright outside but Charlie
Dexter Dickens and I have now just come
back to our hotel the marine and we're
in there Orangery this lovely bright
conservatory and we're doing a little
bit of work as you guys know bloggers on
holiday just basically working in a
nicer place in our living room so China
I think and our laptops
however I've got a glass of Pimm's as
you must do when you're on holiday and
Charlie has got a local hard core and
then I've got little Dicky fast asleep
on my lap I think human Dexter are
absolutely exhausted from their long
walk and our fish and chips by the sea
Dexter is going to have to have a bath
later she has got seaweed stuck to his
tail but yeah it's in a really lovely
afternoon so we're just catching up on a
few emails now and we're going to
quickly freshen up and head out into
town look for a nice restaurant for
dinner and just explore even more so I'm
going to crack on with your mouth and
I'll see you later
a flight DejaVu Ali and I are now
dressed for dinner very smart
not very beachy attire without the
yapping without the two pooches so
Charlie and I are taking the Beach route
that we took a minute ago with the dogs
hopefully the iPhone footage wasn't too
horrendous but it's kind of this
beautiful golden hour now look at this
view behind me oh it's gonna be the most
incredible sunset and because this is
beautiful lighting and it's going to be
hot tomorrow we thought we'd come down
now and take some photos all these
little beach huts I don't know why but I
didn't think that Whitstable had these
hearts to do um I didn't think about it
but yeah I mean every beach chassis so
hard I'm stunning her we had a little
nosey inside what and what kind of like
crane darn ecstacy inside one earlier
and you can actually sit a lot in them
this guy had like a TARDIS oh yeah a
little hammocks a little kitchen area
and this amazing balcony I mean imagine
just opening your doors on one of these
huts and having your morning coffee with
that view he got us thinking about the
gorge clock and they made faces yeah and
what you could do I mean I think there
was one with the beach shop sure you
could do you could have you know like
bed that changes into a kitchen counter
yeah and they would be so much cheaper
here than like Brighton or Market or
anything they would I don't know I know
it's got quite an expensive feeling but
there are such cute colors there was one
that was like a refresh as part of it
was pink and yellow so hopefully he will
be able to find that get some nice
photos and then I think Charlie's
craving oysters for dinner and we're
better than the British seaside so see
what we can find
look at the concentration on this max
good
going back at the hotel Charlie looks
like something out of a horror film I'm
not gonna lie he's got one of those oh
my goodness that's actually really scary
if it's one of those face masks it makes
him look like a cat as you can see I've
got a load of oil on my face it's what I
feel my skin needs tonight I think it's
going to be a case of four in the bed
tonight because Dexter just jumps up on
the bed anyway and then Dickens cries
when he's the only one not in the bed so
I don't think Charlie and I gonna get
terribly good night's sleep but this
evening's meal was delicious we kind of
just walked through the town and this
place called birdies was really full
there were loads of people in there
which is always a good sign we did do
kind of a lap of the town which looks
really cute definitely going to go back
and explore the town a bit more tomorrow
but I had a Filat Wellington for my mane
and it was delicious Charlie had a
seafood broth kind of thing and then we
beasts and then we shared a Whitstable
mess instead of an Eton Mess and it was
crummy so highly recommend birdies if
you come down so yeah I'm gonna catch up
with you guys in the morning time to
snuggle with my three little boys well
Charlie's not little um so I'll see you
in the morning good morning it is our
second day here in Whitstable Charlie
and I had a lovely night's sleep
cuddling up with our two little sausages
I woke up with one sausage on either
side both lying on their backs
just brotherly love and I actually woke
up at 6 o'clock came down to the beach
at 6:30 to take the boys out for their
morning ablutions and it was so stunning
I just had this whole scenery to myself
nobody else around it was one of those
really lovely moments but Chas and I
have now left the hotel we had breakfast
at the hotel very scenic looking out
onto the ocean had a full English and
Charlie had some local Haddix had it had
act havoc Benedict we are now out and
about again making the mostest gorgeous
weather we are just walking to which
town we've just explored Hampton High
Street and now we're heading to the town
which we kind of saw last night but
everything was shut because obviously
they see so town's everything shuts
quite early so we're just making most
supporters whether walking there now
with the two boys probably going to be
about 45 minute walk but a very scenic
one begins
so we've spent the past couple of hours
exploring Whitstable high street it's a
very cute little high street lots of
nice coffee shops we went into a florist
and bought a new plant rotten went into
a pet store
sadly no harnesses for the right size
for dickens and then we walked along the
harbor where there's loads of like kind
of pop-up store type things and get
oyster and fish and chips some are more
rustic than others let's just say but
how are the oysters darling yeah they
were really good I actually really liked
oysters now why never you very brave no
but yeah I think the often hated with a
bit yesterday them enemies really good
for you as well
well thickens each other at my feet as
always and so yeah we're walking back
towards ten kitten bay now which is
where the hotel is and it's about half
two now I think we're going to aim to
get a train at about half three so we're
just going to make our way back I might
try and show you my outfit although you
have seen most of these elements ashore
and at the beach hut that is painted
like swizzles and matte low colors
you'll see I mean
you bastard you better be fair when I
shake watch me rock if I can't stop I
should fall okay so sadly the time has
come when we are making our way back
home proper to you boys with me on this
side you can't even see Dickon
little travel carry case which is just
one of the best 20 pounds I think I've
ever spent
yeah starts believing Whitstable up in
okay that's so typical it was a beach
you're thinking to go but yeah I really
hope you guys enjoyed coming along to
Whitstable with us
you so much for watching give a thumbs
up if you enjoyed it and I'll see you
racing
