hey no day two and we're about to leave
really soon we're going to go and
actually look at our sofa which we might
buy because then we've been really
wanted to change our safer for a while
and so yeah I only got a few minutes to
get ready and I didn't realize so I need
to go I need to go morning dog shot hey
Frank
it's really cozy it's not very glamorous
why I end up sitting on this stool in
the bathroom to do my hair cuz I have to
sit down otherwise I get really tired
thanks
well now I think your device go okay
we're on our way
I picked up a pan Oh Hannah Wizzle from
Starbucks so the machine is open yeah
hey was today all right I didn't get
asleep again because of snores no sorry
it's all wrong now I'll have all the
press all the pressures gonna be be off
instead of us yeah you have all right
it's fine it's all good so we like the
sofa which is good and now in home base
because we never get some Christmas
decorations you say yeah this one yeah
that's nice but where is that tonight
this is challenging so we're going for
like we're going for like the kind of
like a mixture of gold and silver
actually and then red accents so we're
just trying to find some nice red
formals there shatterproof oh really yes
we do we get these three
we fallen for this little father
Christmas gnome yeah this is like my
favorite section of home base we want
one of these cute ones Frank what are
you doing he's not humping him by the
way he just does I think he's like an
affection thing what are you doing
so I've just put the thing this is one
of the things we just got I just put up
here I want to film us doing all of it
together but I've quite excited about
this highly his ears are so big that
says your whole face Riley for lunch I'm
and stuff we got this cool candle um and
it's got like if you can see once you do
a physics very intuitive living all the
way to 25 obviously it's a Christmas
candle it kristef it and we missed the
first day so we're gonna have to burn
this all the way down today to ship how
is that going to happen hold on a minute
see if this is a day what is more than
this
like how do I get the blowtorch we're
going to do it though up until the
baby's born
so hopefully here today and then we're
gonna keep it oh look at these goals I
love them they're mine
this is me my grandma me and Sam
there's not a skull
this is show-and-tell now roses that I
like to film this is our new mirror
yeah well I'm doing it now that's fat
Sam Elvis Christmas tree Moses basket
it's about it tree top it on a plate or
something yeah you should touch me I
thought I'd just update you guys I've
been a sorting out like our vlogmas
intro and outro well we both did
actually but no I know I just said we
both did that's done I hope you guys
liked it and I just I don't know I
wanted it to be kind of simple but it's
still festive and nice and stuff and um
if you're wondering the dress I'm
wearing is from American Apparel but
they're shutting down so probably like
four link in it last night I couldn't
get back to sleep
I always wake up in the middle of the
night to the toilet because I don't have
any like bladder space anymore and yeah
it was quite a rough night I mean I can
get that sleep because I've had such bad
back pain this is kind of like for me to
look back on and like see what I was
like at this week yeah and I've just
still got constant like cramp cramp pain
so we get in the velvet sofa back oh I
didn't tell ya we gained the sofa that
we saw earlier and we're getting rid of
our old sofa and it's hilarious cause
has to go through the window guys yeah
big this is this yeah you got it through
quite easily yeah money right
so I've been editing for a little while
and it's the last vlogs so we've yeah
we've got rid of the sofa which is
exciting I can't wait to get the new one
I miss coming in a few hours and I just
popping out sorry about the focus
we're just popping out to go and get
when we show you know don't expect it to
be like gleaming he said you think we
bought used so far yeah so it might be
their man keeper we're gonna get yeah
we're gonna finish reason that reason we
actually went it again you so for hey
cuz I won so it's just massive it's way
too big
yeah but because I need really soak
better recently there's a person or yeah
we're so bad I heard it on recording
earlier it's really bad it's like
Franklin snoring so yeah we are almost a
safer bet here and spurred on the one
for you so far yeah um and also if any
mums need to ever need to come round and
like I don't know say over for you know
sort of help us look after the baby and
stuff
then I'll be really good to have a safer
bet so yeah my my cordis burning my bum
talking about the Carson so we're gonna
go and get stuff for chicken pesto pasta
that's the only thing I ever make on
when your vlog yeah yeah I need to add
some more recipes but then I we haven't
had it we haven't had it yeah mom I
always make the sweet potato thing I
really want a magazine so I'm just
browsing
oh I love that cover so pretty
we're just at Warwick Avenue sort of
area and it's so pretty
this is short I always talk about a shop
I feel like but it's a nice
so a few months ago well okay where do
we start I was like a hot like six
months ago maybe yeah maybe more so you
guys know that we go to the cinema a lot
and Jason is obsessed with this certain
strawberry sweet and and then they
changed it and I updated the sweets
through different ones like only United
well so no I'm sure look people make
serpents and so since then he's been
like oh there's still this type like
then it was good and then when when I
went to go and get my magazines they had
them in that corner shop saying yeah the
good ones that have him cinema say and I
found in my local shop it's a good day
so I bought whole bag of them I wonder
if when I'm gonna go back and find out
their brand you're just gonna buy them
in bulk I think the look and that way I
can take them myself to cinema I don't
even need to buy since in cinema
extra pressure I know I can you know how
the ticket tell people outside the
cinema do good you catch I can feel that
with the strawberries how I meet loads
of money it's a good strawberries mmm
dog is Oh Franklin what's up homie pour
pour come on pour I'll let you out
poor poor Frank sit down now give me
pour there you go camera so obviously
everyone knows we get married and I am
because the men don't get anything like
the way of women for the bride's get the
dresses they could wear them really get
flowers they get like the whole shebang
I've decided to trim yourself to a
wedding ring that I'm getting like hand
made and it's going to be engraved with
I don't give no one still my idea but I
want to get like this is a prototype and
it's not this is bronze I'm going to get
a silver one and it's going to be
engraved in like with like filigree and
flowers I think that would be really
nice and different other sites is wrong
so need to get it get down
so I need to get a size right and stuff
but less exciting it'll make some dinner
out and wait for the sofa to get here
and yeah chop in the poplar
more X expected this of Rockville
Franklin there's you won't even like it
I'm super like for mine on a moody right
now and hangry I'm just learning about
the kitchen and there's no safer now I
got even feel the bloody sofa it's
coming coming
click yeah don't you dare balk Riley you
better leave this has been going on for
about 10 minutes so put in all the
decorations up because you don't have
time tomorrow in the day how was a
little Cupid young pretends on Elvis
Oh
so I didn't finish this vlog properly
because last night oh it's really nice
decorating the tree but I was really
hormonal yesterday and I was like really
I just felt a bit crappy so I just so I
just had a shower and then we watched oh
we watched the last missing what what
why was everyone talking about the last
missing it was really predictable and
like there the episode before it was
better we were just like oh that's just
the end yeah and then pretty much went
to bed so I thought I'd end the flock
eggs I didn't end it properly hey thank
you guys for watching and I will see you
tomorrow
