hello and welcome to a new weekly vlog
Wow brilliant that's a thumbnail right
there isn't it it's not actually a new
week for us it's still the weekend
I finished the vlog last week early so
Liam and Darcy and I was also brought
along our friend Ricky and Pete and
their two girls Abbi and Becker we
thought it just might be nice like how
to love the hill and Susan and I would
literally just got here and we're I'm
packing everything I thought I'd give
you a tour of it hello that's Vicki I
thought would give you a tour of it
before the kids all get in and all that
sort of doodles can because they're
shorts on with that that's a very short
dress if you got the shorts on Oh cougar
yes I'll give you a tour and I'll show
you the sort of things were doing this
weekend I've never been to a center part
and the reason started I've always
looked online and seems that the price
of it and thought God that it's so
expensive for somewhere in the UK and
I'd always thought it would be like a UK
holiday holiday spent what would you
call it like em what's the word I'm
looking for holiday camp we braise the
wounded we all work out what the word I
was looking for I thought it would be
like that and I thought that um I
wouldn't really like it but although
we've only been here half an hour so
obviously we'll see how it goes we can
but I'll just give you a little tour so
right now I'm on our self to me as you
can see them high up so I'll turn around
I'm filming the tour you're welcome to
be in it but you know don't throw stuff
so got a decent sized balcony then you
come into our main
living space and we've got the kitchen
area these two hard at work and we came
in and there was food and stuff in the
fridge oh that's not the fridge
here we go those already clear look
there's a case a lot higher tell us what
some essentials ourselves maybe possibly
paper a my heels and on the table and
all of this stuff as well like little
Jam if you're a Jam fan good job and I'm
at the Paris Club and moving human again
I don't know if these from everyone or
if it's because we've got one because
we're in like influences online
influencer package but we've got that
which is quite nice and this is our main
living space is that being hello love
our lounge fire TV chalkboard
we should have want some chalk I might
have some oh great great great great we
have got any games room is it now we'll
find one hurt us oh well we'll find it
don't worry gonna find it and then we've
got a barbecue area and concealer chairs
and we have a sort of app box there
we've got one of those as well at
sonic's or neighbors purse or an outlet
with the TV signal watch films in here
tonight
are you well let's show your bedroom man
so this is softly and back and sides
bedroom they decided they're going to
share have a little sleepover and
they've got their own TV what's exciting
from their own ensuite and then we'll
come through here more than this one our
storage cupboard storage cupboard
oh I haven't done our bedroom the mine
and Liam's bedroom so just off the main
living space is mine Liam's bedroom the
really good size bathroom actually if
you look like family but let the kids on
one off pretty bloody good please and
I'll take you downstairs
of UK holidays going off and hit my car
right
oh good I'm going to show them
downstairs really quickly so something
of Newton's what you think it's really
good we didn't ask for there to be
Fairgate but they've got saggy but
everything Oh King comes Liam the packed
meal so ago so it's deadbeats on the top
and bottom which is really good they
really like cater to families which is
not such as we've got to with it
two families together and or an area
leads out to that and then this is where
Abigail hello
we're going to be enjoying the
monstermunch there and she's got a
little bathroom to show your bathroom
since Abigail's Oh Abbi this is very
nice little bathroom laughs and then she
shows your mommy daddy's room do you
want to do the tour when we're done
through no this is Pete and Vicky dream
it's literally the exact same with my
aliens except we're on the top floor and
they're on the ground floor lovely
that's the tour then all I want to do
now shut the cameras off and stuff
suspense because I am so hungry sighs
and these monster night to anyone in
particular all of us boil at all
hi darling we're gonna show you our
really much better to do is Neptune for
you to do this is our bed we made it
into a den Jasper perfect system shower
you can sit in there honey
minami
way down by rules especially what would
have to draw from yeah with no bigger
picture than ago do we want Vicki must
I'm just resting the camera here
especially what I really like about this
I'm going to get all the food out and
really make an effort and I'd like to
know I like fucking with you you're
going to get all the food out and make
an effort
Stephanie you want a really good holiday
you want to come away with Vicki because
she's not happening in our kitchen
shorter sort of mums of you is lovely
can we put the card because like we've
come to get the bike and I thought
everyone is a couple there's like a sea
of bikes with all this one with a
trailer productive I'm going to get one
about half a bike attached to it this is
about surviving but I'll show you what I
mean by I see a fight
just a couple of bikes to choose from
laughter you are looking at nothing you
can probably hear how have um context oh
my god I haven't written yet
oh my god rockets going off oh my god I
guess Oh
part three second New Year's like a 10
minute er I've already cried in my sleep
I might I came out and this was my view
a whole table of stuff food being made
my favorite things like particles
numbers and platitudes
tiny cucumbers of packaging this all
looks so great well done everybody
mainly clear and also Ricky I had a big
job I have to cut the garlic red as you
can see and then a great job of cutting
it evenly and smoothly good morning it's
the crack of dawn not about nine o'clock
we've woken up to this beautiful serene
as you can see at left and we're going
to go check out the swimming pool the
girls were going into me I've been
booked in for a smart break do you want
to know turn upon my hands
Vicky's hand and well Vicky Vicky
presidents and Pete and Liam in the dog
hat on front if it is yes definitely who
said that they were going for a bike
ride last night like nine and share
content think every bike rider they well
they rode their bikes to establish
whether they could buy the Emily not
currently they went bowling
but bowling where you can get shots of
some boots I put my kind of bowling here
like alright we're going to go right
after him yeah Lucas gonna leave them to
it and be like yeah well you you look
after the kid so just gotta have a great
old night rolling at one turn the
bedroom light on Phil while you're
asleep snoring brush around
snore and then be grumpy this morning
and not wanna get up
I know it's authentic this sounds dreamy
anyway it's actually quite nice to go
because other things imagine if this was
like how you woke up every day look at
NASA does it refused to bring her bike
not comfortable I like yet the others
what about the dust is like running a
long time because poor puppy
let she go what we found dude oh hey
many animals here are noisy though this
is the Plaza that has all like the
spiral the amenities that sort of
Starbucks orders notice which pretty
happy about I know it's like the lease
else's why always here why then the
lease helps thing ever but I really
fancy a chocolate cream shop trap
crapper crap Aegina a crappuccino sort
of my life with a shot of peppermint
which is usually my Christmas drink but
I really wanted to see in this like
summer - OH
children's garden so that there's
activities to do in that this is you
know it's very windy got a little acorn
garden little total thing I can't toast
all so that is the view of our chalet
our one is that one with the window open
sink that one is ours so we get the view
of all of this we're going to check out
how you hire out these folks and the
beach and over here cranking shop as
well romaine I am enjoy
oh my you know I feel like she's having
seizures other thing I feel like we're
on a holiday camp where they go and
they've got like
we'll accept there's no Patrick Swayze
or us but they have like activity
perspectives and I think we'll do like
it yeah dancing on the veranda at 12 I
do it we go for dancing here who's going
to pick up who you can pick me Olivia
okay I'm loaded up for that and I'll be
like can we see all the things close to
you that cannot pick you up
somebody's to tell me that when you saw
those little things floating in the air
who wishes I really hoped my cameras
picking them up fully fit a bit guilty
for going on a barking without Stassi
and leaving her with the key in the
girls although and I actually should
rather spend time with picking the girls
and play and spent on me in a Farber see
the county would you also it's an is
going to it myself maybe watching the
rest day these are all different
apartments as well I wonder what they're
like house is like a wooden shell if I
want a fair bit more into tell style
this is the quarter women say oh my god
Darcy can never find this shot there's
ice cream here you can make fizzy drinks
this is like toffee heaven
and after Monteux shot this is actually
in photography tips for that
oh oh this is lovely Oh Chester bar
wonderful actor Liam once proved piece
and then activity for children on the
film too much I don't want to some other
people's children as an activity they're
not as part of it picked up this is a
craft room so cool
every dad on the path is that watching
the rugby and like the school they're
here there's like a real cool and then
out here I've noticed this with the
others and arcade all the way over there
I mean I know I get out thank you okay
we've come on the other side of the
plaza and please leave your bike which
is good and then a children little fort
play area that's nice
I'm going to have a look about how good
the park market is we actually bought
loads of food with us but it's behind
early by barbecue some tiny trolleys got
magazines
and it looks like all fresh pastry at
the bakery only nine oh my god how cool
are these barbecue and chuck like a
little fondue set and we can do like
toasted marshmallow they have crackers
as well at the Americans make more MORE
that's gonna bring the girls that they
just get familiar with all of that I'm
going to bring the girl to a pocket me
later coolest thing ever lovely love
kindred I feel sue's we went to the
spire to content my Cameron obviously
and they've got like an outdoor infinity
pool with jets and bubbles and stuff so
enjoyed that about two hours and
understandably and it's so nice I don't
think I mentioned and precision was
going to filled with a pool earlier but
the full-time part-time sort of clashed
a bit and then I went to have her
treatment a mother-to-be treatment but I
wasn't feeling too great I think all
like the checks in the bubbles so I'm
walking back to the lovely Chalet the
lodge and I've let Liam have the
treatment and they're just going to
adapt it to him which would be nice for
him I'm going to a big dance theater
lectures what we've seen any of Darcy
today and remember so I'm going to go to
have some time occurs in this afternoon
we've got an activity planned as well
it's all get everyone's out on the boat
so cool I really love it here I do feel
like I'm in or it's a little hunting
would you feel like I'm in possession
something and I'm at that station they
were
like do you have a look around
wow I've had little sleeps I'm not
feeling too well and super fine and dumb
people fill their shoes I'm just sort of
I'm seeing do you girls happen all right
we have got the in a large house over
the woods to ourselves staff has gone
out with Abbi and Becca and their
parents in it just like sent a bunch of
kids off I think I really want to get on
a little boat let's air a while as long
as they let me show you what you thought
we faced out hang on we're doing one of
these tomorrow or tonight okay talking
to myself as usual look how cool they
are really look fun right now looking at
paper beauty and grace on a bike
everywhere smells like barbecue
siliceous we're going to cycle to dinner
doodles got some fish cake and Isaac my
favorite classic ever baked can number
in a register early
you know you think great earlier the
once ever wonder if I was a salted
caramel - Oh what happened in my mouth
what happened right there I'm dribbling
good didn't show it to the camera shot
ha ha 25 no be inside today oh look at
her eyes were sparkling she's lovely
going for a cheeky little swim it's 7
o'clock
we're going to go to the ship till 9:00
I'm not going to seeing anything with
him not even my phone which for me sort
of feel like a less an organ behind so
I'll see probably in the morning and
also tomorrow I'll walk up there and try
and get some footage to the pool because
it looks messy amazing so yeah I need
anything to add getting undressed I will
turn the camera off things about to get
closer it's a beautiful day it's Sunday
morning and feeling super fresh and Liam
has cooked like following at this
breakfast everyone which is I think
classic way to start anything here we go
really bacon which I don't normally oh
what a man I will keep them this is the
trailer and I get taking it with my
friends but they're got that little
voice as well haven't yet but I don't
really like us to it include a ride in
that lowlife I know I thank you guys
right babe
we've been booked in for den building
and I am literally pushing my bike
through the woods they've got to be it
I'm sure we've taken a wrong turn
somewhere but let me show you like what
we're dealing with her this path was an
ad y diamond hit ago basically
Philippines with a bit of forest I'm
going to be Hagrid
and Hippogriff you forgot it's all just
abandoned there's here dude oh there was
peace sexy Pete morning sexy see that
this official named Sophie I know that's
what Mia's own culture all those years
ago I was having the story quickly well
so short many years ago yes I we were in
my front room recommended video even
watching Rachel today we're sounds like
creepy hair like one
those have been removed years ago anyway
we still being outside whenever sexy
Peter work yes is it basically love so
that's going to come okay we are in snow
like members of stars face I wonder if
you just rock up and do it you're going
to dump like Creek gently yeah here we
go then so then master circle you think
anyone's going to turn up or do you
think we just crack on and make it then
it's pretty cool isn't it there you go
going into locket babe
doodles what's all that for the camp
fire my pyrotechnic child is building a
campfire that what's quite aggressively
the kids are just happy we're just doing
their own thing Liam and Pete so very
serious we just have to go and look at
the envelope and they told us at the
foundation in late and it's May
is interlocked the foundation and he
could be such you know yeah and he was
like around here I'm reassured it up I'm
sure you hear situated around here
pretty sure inside and Pacific losses
completely over there interlocked even
keep the lost all intra-company Liz and
you have like men and dads in your group
bring them this is this is not an
activity for the kids is it something
better we have the older children right
come on
yet have all the eight groups of a stay
like in the North I'm looking around you
got the Student Health Trust over it
just adds a lastly but I don't care who
sees the millinery God Bernard Arnault
as a cross-table all the children of
want to go sees what are you doing just
collecting flowers and things lovely a
ribbon fantastic wow you guys have did a
great job we're finished and Liam's
report was I'm happy with that
someone thinks I have it up there we are
there's I don't see it doctor just is so
close see what Apple you're not worried
about me at all are you
oh dear we have some lunch and we are
taking the bikes again to go through me
the bikes will be the bloody death of me
it's like my body feels like a lump of
play-doh slowly sinking into a pin and
that paddle is going all up where I
don't want it to be so we're going back
on it again go swimming because that's
what parents do and you love your
children so much
it's like Vicky water and grace this is
the pool from the outside cool like a
tropical something or other and you can
see they're like that's a little rapid
thing that's and some curly slides on
your side of it here I'm just putting my
bike out here here we go so no film and
push the bike but it's so nice inside
it's got all like jungle stuff God try a
little bit in there
I'm not going to swim I'm just - no
fortune sides but the tricky to fill in
pull oh I'm so glad to just be pushing
it when you go and then we're returning
the bikes
I'll take goodbye to the bikes too far
with me something I'm really impressed
with in the changing room space and
Leslie Winkle is that their detection
proof you just want a single cubicle
with them is a section action dress okay
so it's like a family cubicle and it's
really big three spacious people like
its own been its own likely to change
thing and just might see would have
faced up overcame and just me Liam and
three girls competing to but I had all
three girls in one cubicle is important
to do so proud it was kinda unique
yeah someone's read things like the
finfisher at home but more money right
okay
the wave machine it's really good it's
really good
standby to the bike this trailer has
served as well I mean not sure how it's
there do you base that you're lucky
yeah but it serves as well a bow tiny
bike some big bike and my bag go to the
car the most giant carpark ever we're
packing out to come home we've driven
the car around the lodge we got my
hearing zucchini I'll come out here to
your muscle sneaker 5 it so people go
yeah um yeah we're packing up to head
back to camp you're going to stay an
extra night and it was at school in the
morning but that we've asked for us to
get home and feed the cats and all that
stuff so we are back to final thoughts
central Central Park sent us I really
glad you love them I don't know if you
can tell from my intro I was a bit
skeptical I like oh but not really like
the British white British Holiday Park
kind of a gal but this has really really
exceeded all my expectations and if I
can looking over their ranking house I
didn't get to do that like a lot of
stuff that I still haven't done so I
think we will come back next year make a
bit of a tradition of it so I'm glad we
came it is expensive that was my biggest
regret was like one I don't want to go
to like summer camps and - it's really
expensive for a summer camp but it's not
like that it's like a very nice
environment to be in so I can see why
and everywhere is well maintained and
well thought out and planned stuff like
that so five stars for me which is
surprising because I was not expecting
to be as five stars instead of the cows
and Kent videos simple so you might
respond to me you know my number you can
sponsor me right I'm going to just leave
your hair cut off the tree instead of
going keep crying because saying goodbye
is hard to do so I will bid you farewell
and I'll see you soon and I love you a
lot goodbye
