oh god I got bags under my eyes probably
good morning darlings so I'm really
type thing I've seen a few of these
kinds of videos floating around flood
force doesn't all the time and I really
enjoy watching them so I thought hey
let's do that with this so since I moved
into my flat
I've bought like the essential things
that I need here in there but there's
loads of other things that I've just
like you know I mean when you move
somewhere you never quite slipped it out
get it kind of how can they still have
that so yeah I'm up right now Tony I was
going to try and drag Hannes he's come
with me but he's not interesting doesn't
care
home stuff which is fine I'm gonna go
off to my I say my local home sets it's
still quite a bit of a drive and see
what I can get there's a few key things
I do need to get like bed linen and
maybe like a throw for the sofa because
I think now especially being September
it's like a really good time to it's
almost like the opposite of a spring
clean isn't it like getting your house
ready for the cold months I love doing
that so yeah maybe some nice throws some
new Christian covers things like that so
let's start the voyage to home scents
and I'll see you when I get there
fingers crossed
the traffic's not too bad
so I've been exchanged in slight change
of plan
so we have actually one movie with us
now
I have trouble getting here so he drove
me here and I've also changed my top
because it's so hot it's such a nice day
I just have to clear up guys roses I
have chicken legs my resent actually
because I think I've got great legs but
she says because I've got big thighs and
the blob on this bottom bit meant to be
skinnier than entire though he's got
lovely legs look at them he's got
chicken are we gonna be teaching kids
how to cook nice my arms are huge
it's a full basket the basket is full
Mary look at I grin
I am NOT starving
we are home from home sent home from
home sense and then going to have dinner
behind me this is all the stuff that I
bought from Home sense and I'm gonna sit
down on my bed and show you everything
so it's kind of like a very informal
hall let me put you on my tripod at
least okay can you see me is this okay
right so let's start with like the bitty
things cuz I got a few big pieces but
we'll leave them to laughs and just
start one like the bitty kind of random
stuff those things that I wasn't even in
for hainsley these are a little bit too
wide probably for my clothes but we've
got them because you can also hang
Charles's as well as jackets and tops so
you can get more on one hand basically
flannels you can never have too many
flannels in my opinion this thing needs
unwrapped I got a couple of little bowls
I used to have balls like these and then
I think I moved out of the place that I
bought them in and just left them there
then I got a smaller Bowl which is good
for like dipping sauces so if you're
having sushi or like dumplings or
that we cool it okay what's next onto
the bigger things and we bought a new
quite plain bedding but I thought this
is a really nice option this recycled
this is gonna be quite difficult to show
this is for the bathroom I thought it
was really cute my boss is quite small
but I thought there would be a space for
this kind of next to the toilet and you
could just put little bits and bobs in
there like cotton wall it's just a
really good way to store things but it's
quite compact
this isn't odd price it would have been
83 74 but it's $24.99 and then lastly
putting all this stuff away
so I've unpacked my knives
don't they look fancy that's about all
I've managed to do I have poured myself
a glass of wine and they're out now it's
quite late it's like 9 o'clock so I'm
just going to sit on the safer with me
be know we'll probably sign off this
book now won't we
I think you should so I hope you've
I'm just looking over at my plant it
looks so nice um next to my TV so now
look nice oh I love it
and my little puff as well doesn't that
look so nice oh love it
should probably empty my bin hey dudes
its testing out his new pillow test the
density I think you get quite
comfortable yeah because I can anyway as
I was saying yeah give me a little
thumbs up on that and don't forget to
subscribe if you're not and thank you
again so much for watching and I'll see
you on the next one
