is he gonna her I'm actually scared does
it hurt morning guys hello it's the
morning Marcus is in the room next to at
the moment is in the toilet he said to
me that he was going to the gym this
morning and by the time you wake up help
him already gonna be gone but i'll be
back at quarter past nine or something
rubbish like that he is the worst i woke
up at half past seven like I do every
single day and I'm just like yo I'm
awake I text him like five times no
reply he then just text me that two
minutes ago like kind of didn't go to
the gym I'm too tired excuses bro you
can't v his head just me if you're not
going to the gym every morning I went to
the gym this morning for you just
weren't there where were you at well you
know what so you've got like a ghost in
this room you've got like a demon in the
lives in the loft bed have you been up
there before have you been up in the
loft bit before it's a demon up there
bro a little girl was poking her head
out last night scary business anyways
how you doing today guys today is jerk
and I'm going to be allowed to film what
we're doing today yeah jerkin okay
Marcus says he reckons I am hopefully I
am hopefully I'm gonna head to film it
just thought i'd update yet that I'm
awake and I'm energized and I'm about to
start editing the daily blog I need to
edit it now before the day begins
what what your life would mean oh yeah I
find it easier knowing cuz I don't have
a pocket I always use my pocket and put
my phone in it I'm so jealous you've got
to these both your pockets I always buy
one isn't enough for those one vodka I
do t-shirts just never enough not very
focused on guys mugs is finally awake
this guy thinks he's got a train hey
right I wasn't allowed to film what we
were doing today mark Microsoft we're
definitely going to allowed to film
today we definitely are no we weren't
allowed to film what we did today well
I'm allowed to film us getting lunch now
there's like a little food festival one
right by the let ghetto London eyes up
there what food festival boxer don't if
they're gonna do chemo boy might not do
that go that it's good
the scene that was shooting on saturday
marks at one point smashes a bottle and
this is a sugar glass bottle and a pipe
tolerant and smashes like deep Nestle
Quik minions I just dropped one on the
floor over here then if you can see it's
like everywhere it looks so real it's
basically dad's learn so basically the
scene is little mix of combing than they
are singing black magic yeah and it's
kind of like cowboys almost abeam
colistin calvert cowboy us for what it's
cool i blew something I think those that
got blues vibe in here yeah and it's so
basically the whole like the whole set
cowboy kind of vibes
me
I think we all finished up for that
scene guys I've got like ten minutes to
upload my daily blog it is uploaded but
I haven't ticked it live yet I've also
got half my hot dog left completely
forgot to tell you why we're here
basically we're back here saturday night
takeaway and another day of rehearsals
obviously by the time you're watching
this it's more evening that evening
you're watching this we're on Saturday
night takeaway so tune in the future got
my hot dog still to eat and yeah things
are crazy right we've just been told
that we can use one of the bottles to
try smashing on each other's heads this
is going to be cool is it gonna hurt I'm
actually scared does it hurt yeah that
was it but in her toe yo Marcus
literally just bought with me thank you
sorry guys in my hair
amazing thank you so much she just got
everything have a lovely weekend hello
baby hello hello hello how you doing you
having a nice day with Mummy be a nice
day alright let's take my shoes off yo
that was a long car journey so do not
take away vassals or awesome sorry
they're a bit rushed for you guys
watching this literally did not allowed
to film it and then 15 minutes before
finishing up the lotto by the way you
were not to film today I didn't even
know any way back home now I'm tired
I've come back to the biggest Chinese
order the three of us in the world dad
he was like look you need to get almost
food because where the chips chips and
curry sauce oh my gosh she take you out
to the toilet I'm just taking nine hour
to go to the toilet before she goes to
bed it is eleven o'clock at night and I
don't really know what else to say I'm
so full up it is insane i just ate so
much food today has been so cool like
shooting that earlier saturday night
takeaway stuff was so much fun and we
got the smash a bottle over my head gone
then into bed sit there you go good girl
i see in the morning no name hi guys i
am all tucked up in bed why don't look
like i've got no hair one thing that you
guys know that I love to do when I get
into bed because I find it super hard to
fall asleep at night I don't know if
it's only me that Zoe next to me geordie
asleep okay she's not a seat tonight
nobody is asleep with it like what will
actually know you say you're not
sleeping you were already asleep
downstairs sorry falls asleep literally
is one of those people she can close our
eyes and she's asleep straight away for
me I lay down again to bed
just like wide awake and I just sit here
I'm like okay what do I do not talk on
the phone look on my laptop do i watch
TV like Dora listen what I do so one
thing that you guys know they love to do
obviously I do because I've got a gaming
channel is play games at nighttime and I
tweaked quite a lot asking you for
suggestions of like what some call new
fun games that I can play and I tweeted
the other night I think I even mentioned
it in a daily vlog i'm pretty sure
saying what are some cool games at the
moment that i can play and the company
best fiends got in touch with me and
they're like okay awfully try our game
have a play for it it's free on the App
Store and just see what you think of it
so I downloaded the app to just see what
it was like get a feel for it and it
turns out is crazy addictive I've really
really fun and then I a mother back and
also absolutely love the game I'm audio
level 25 nothing you already told me
about it recently an awardee on level 25
and they were like we would love to work
together on a video you share with your
audience and I was like okay let's do it
I love your game so i just thought i
would show you show you the game and see
what you guys think let me know if you
already proved you probably mostly
already play it because i know people
like PewDiePie play this game marzia xin
qi plays this game so many youtubers
play this game so most of you probably
already play it as well and you're
probably better than me because no I
mean I'm quite good I'm on level let me
show you what level are armed so
basically what you do is just start down
here this is level 1 over 2 3 4 5 6 look
I call the graphics out with little
birds and then basically I am all the
way up here on level 29 which I thought
was really good and they're not kind of
found out that there's over 350 levels
and they add new levels every three
weeks so I need to step up my game oh my
gosh I thought level 29 was good let's
mess about let's go son it's slightly
easy like let's go level 12 20 35 days
and we need to kill 7 slugs Bosh
okay there's four down oh my god how
many queens we can get shut up no what
look at that that is insane but legit
that was insane oh my i'm doing so well
guys I've got nobody this good look how
many Purple's I can get you ready oh my
gosh look at look how many there are cuz
I nearly the whole board I just did it
one go if I get that that drops down
Bosh maybe I think I've done it done it
six moves left yo sorry about that great
I bet you guys are watching this I'm
just gonna find it so easy and I know
y'all are you going to be tweeting me
pictures of your lie low 56 or 110 or
something ridiculous I just can't do it
this level is hard I've still got 16
energy left so I'm going to carry on
playing after i finished vlog in and
yeah i just thought i'd show you the
operated here now don't go wrong yeah
I'm gonna in the vlog thank you so much
for watching today go and enjoy it let
me know what level you get up to unless
it's about 29 because then that means
you're better than me why don't you need
to step my game up actually I've got a
long train journey tomorrow I'm getting
the train to London tomorrow morning for
a photo shoot with Marcus so I might
just sit and play
on the train and then I can catch up
with you guys you've enjoyed today i
hope you enjoyed the behind the scenes
or satellite take away i hope you
enjoyed what your markers bottle me over
the head i hope you enjoyed me boolean
Marcus this morning and that's just
messing about together and yeah I will
catch you tomorrow with the new daily
vloggers always and I have a lovely
evening I've lovely day keep being
awesome i love you so much i catched my
good is also like they get 0
