hello everybody and welcome back to our
Channel today we are just chillin but
later on we're having best Jeff and blue
crabs because we're watching the love
Island final bite Alice goes on we'll
already know who's won la vie
hi another Island has officially taken
over my life and I'm quite with you
about anybody if I had it my way I
really like Chris and came to win but
obviously they tog win so I want chem
and amber twin I think so my hair is
kind of washing out now I just blow dry
they're washed it and have left it Vidya
has an RV mm tiny from Spotify on and
there is math aleut gems in that
playlist and also just thought I'd show
you my jumper because you guys have
loved it loser
Nathan highly rated Brooks for all you
want Tree Hill people out there and also
let's just point out how many tackles I
have right now because I've come back
from holiday and this is my fave
situation right now spur no because I
always get burnt nose and not surprised
Ichi yeah you know I mean like it's not
not blonde SPI I kind of like it though
yes you're doing love - bye love you God
I'm not sure whose brain if this is but
I remembered this album cover so clearly
I remember downloading this song as a
single the only way water you have
obsessively
think of stuff purpose piece of stock
and you're going to turn into one I'm
actually going to weekly pocket week
because we've got a few exciting things
happening we're going to a benefit event
Wednesday and Thursday
well sure well so don't oppress the weak
but I'm sure we'll let you know
Wow look at my freckles you're
definitely as me know this evening we're
actually heading to dinner with Marissa
who have some ages I miss her so much
so we're going to go to Megan's not
Megan's house we're going to go to a
place called Megan's
to dinner with her for catch-up which is
we really might be required to see her
last night turn out the actual fail
because Luke best and Jess came round
that we had such a good time and we
forgot to get the camera out
yes the camera adjusts at what I
perceive the best and we just forgot to
fill and I think the cell phones like to
start with when your hands like this
time you actually do forget to get the
camera out and that's what happened last
night we started a blog and then I said
last night another fight so any
specificity we've had a really nice chat
with Bobby on the phone last night which
is really nice and we working on said
words Rahill tomorrow morning we're
actually up very early that's being a
little Street at 8 a.m. because off to a
benefit event we're going to Benny
Island which will paint it all with us
because I'm really excited
Cece is going to be there as well I'm
not busy yeah leave is going are you
doing a flash mob today is a very
different background and setup because
we are at Benny Island Benefit Cosmetics
are holding a summer event and they take
it up to an island which I feel is just
off mulden in childhood from what I've
worked out and it's going to be a really
fun day we're here for today and also
tonight and then we go home tomorrow but
we want to show you how we got here this
morning we all got on the bus so we're
going to insert those clips now are very
early on the ferry back and we go back
so excited accessible survival kit bag
and say looks like a McDonald's
Connecticut focus we cannot wait to
party really oh here we go look at where
now are you driving or losing
and right once I'm having to examine the
admission Georgia to Cuba and we're
going to have to give you guys a tour of
this house we're in the captain Brown
yeah the captain power I just don't
think your brains like that if it's an
amazing job and also they've got flags
outside so we got here with all got
so even though when I show you mine are
outside in a minute you'll be like girl
you'll to be cold I shall show you now
so basically this room here is like our
living area we're kind of a pattern not
like our own spaces can't actually a
state asylum I show you outside we are
making it on an island the outside area
I'm going to be able to get back in I
did just think that yeah I mean if I
worried then I can get back in how cute
is this room I'm not very very cozy and
look at the amazing gifts that benefit
given us and there's like another
speaking area and then there's a garden
and then you go through here and there's
another seating area and this is our
kitchen we just want to say master thank
its benefit for having us because this
trip is probably going to be amazing
special bonus prizes are all mine
we always like finish each other
sentences it must strive you guys
absolutely insane because it annoys
unknown recently like Scott finishing my
paper is really a kind of a narrative
eternal Allen train like we're gonna go
find the chapter on you look we're now
heading in before because ice is amazing
all the gal for now trees you can also
mean something one day trouble ladies a
little more beautiful agreeable people
we benefit pink pool party and it's so
early and you always become the Chris
Pratt mysamma house so we are now
already I'm just show you with the
island we are on the ATP is very very
weak be okay very weak left right now ah
we have had such a nice afternoon where
I salute you so much because all the
eyeliner I picked eyeliner but it was a
good idea because recipes for you who is
it rinse wet so we're now off the dinner
at the also good twinkle twinkle little
light enough in our situation we had to
dance a long ways oh absolutely
it's a drink please be back to drinking
I am gonna have it
