good morning bully Super Tuesday time is
7:00 a.m. about in actually go to the
gym Quinn family this morning to be fun
within the class forget what the fart is
cool but it's welcome a two-hour long
but you're there for five minutes you
just drop it of your family and down and
it basically lots of stations we do a
different exercise to two minutes
everything shows really sweaty and
really good I'm not going to film in
there because there's lots of other
people in there who are very classy and
does one of the camera moves so this is
boarding you what I'm doing and then
they're in the green party we currently
have two annual profit our summer party
and I have a Christmas party today is
some of our peacefully the entirety of
glean all the talent I think talent
argue that one juice leaders battle with
all the towns go and if all of the stars
go so the Gleaners are massive building
clean London green LA and green
Australia they all fly in or driving or
whatever and it always has a top secret
from from the town withold
very loosely where to be and what to
pack and the rest of it is entirely and
exciting and defining so we know is
called be invest this time and we're
going to played in Canterbury and we
have the dress festival appropriate
that's all we know
so I'm looking for similar work out now
sort a few things out the leaving here
at about midday two-level drawing update
and I'm going to get there and we're
going to be there as a reserve of fun I
need a good workout a little bit sort of
like sleazy and robbery with it but the
word beautiful so that's gonna have a
good day
look at Josh converse today looking good
then make my pressure I give you them
cuz you my legs up I can page game there
you go what a prune for day but I was
disgusting
I look like some of the I am now we
finished it that makes people walk by
with their Josh really intended little
bit 7 for these 10 minutes
is about what 15 p.m. on that path and
runway time we're going to take it a
mate how many 20 people in that time
today okay the you'll kind of cycle
cycle out and face the past last for an
hour two hours thing
viewers kind of come and go but the
actual cycle is for 47 minutes and it is
perusal you don't have any rest you just
have to kind of grab a breath in between
and complete set do you do at each
station or to work out and actually each
nation has not spoken to people to me in
kind of it together
concurrent each another it was that's
very cool like yeah before we've done it
and it has been one person side station
I think drops nose a couple come down he
makes it you know just a few people that
go at tears though they're not perhaps
with couples but they go at their no
although that people come although know
me and Joe do that in the room next door
yeah used to be the outdoor room suppose
next door adjacent there's a yoga and I
am enjoy often do that yoga class and
they walk through today to their
classrooms here just for our stuff and
they walked through looking like we
elegant and stretched and beautiful and
might really second time I was doing
shuttle runs back and forth across the
length and I just looked in Burroughs
like properly sweaty red-faced huffing
and puffing probably dribbling and the
hi lovely elegant that I can see when I
see you at the green fest later so yeah
hope you I'll be showered by then and
now here I have a very fat sausage dog
so I'm trying to train her to do
something that I can't show you it's
just behind me it's for a video but she
had a breakfast just before he went to
the gym and on do I leave there anything
so I've got like 20 minutes now to give
her a bit of an update on the training
thing yesterday she was so excited
because in between meals and she learned
really really quickly and it really well
this time around you'd like I'm not
hungry your treats aren't impressive so
we're struggling the teacher but she's
getting there I've got to film this
video next week and I think it's going
to be the most adorable with you over in
the entire world but she has to perform
so I need to keep training her she's had
a lot of treat this morning and her
breakfast so she's just lost a bit
interest I'll try once or twice more and
then I'll stop the last thing I want to
do is to make it a chore that there's
actually really cute fun thing you just
have to you know get in the zone kid
well hi everyone I'm in the car driving
cue London on our way to can't agree
with Tanya burr she told the camera yes
hi so we're glamping apparently which is
like glamorous camping
I think I'm sharing a temp with Marcus
originally I was going to be with hard
at on can't stay the night because I
hate wearing I'm sewing for a film
tomorrow so exciting um I need an early
night and I did my please go ahead so
then I'll go put a tent on my own
because the numbers went down that way
and then market tech news wanna go make
can I stay with you because otherwise
it'll just filling me on and Leon gets
naked when he gets drunk and John's just
just hard work when he's drunk so not
hard workers darling the John which is
correct marker your job is really tech
Simone I love you huge parts in your
area so you're my brother I love you
it's really durable
anyway so we're on our way there I've
got something to tell you so you might
know this if you follow me on Instagram
or Twitter or Facebook or if you watch
any of my friends or you follow them on
their stuff you're known as already
wears a thing called hello world
happening now hello world happening
October it'll be linked down in the
description box you can check it out and
also you could follow them on Instagram
or Twitter because you'll have all the
information there essentially we thought
that there wasn't really enough out
for audience people who watch YouTube
and other social stuff that's out there
that's kind of right to them it's all
like meet and greets and things which
aren't the thing that we like to do you
know because we end up standing there
for ages and people pay a lot of money
for these things and that's just kind of
getting cycled in and cycled out and
it's not exclusive is seconds quick self
yeah no real experience so what we
wanted to do was do like a really fun
engaging experience it's a two-day thing
so at the moment we are hoping exists as
well we're going to make it a bigger
thing and take it to other places and
other cities of the country it's really
exciting that the people who are
involved from the get-go myself
Marcus Alfie Zoe Louise Joe Casper I
think yeah that's right and we're
actually getting loads of other people
on board so follow hello world
well done one hopes giving like it might
be has a lot of line I'll cut off the
screen alter the description box you can
find it on Instagram and Twitter and
you'll you'll find out all the
information we'll also link to their
website you can find out who's coming at
stuff we're announcing names kind of in
real time as soon as we confirm we'll go
announcement for you
tickets are available now VIP have sold
out already so the other ones we've got
standing and seating ticket and it's
going to be off the wall I'm really
excited about it work on it for a long
time it's not just us working on it
these things take an army so we've got a
massive team who are who are in charge
of so much stuff and we're all then
coming up with our own ideas to bring to
it so I'm really excited I hope you guys
are excited all the information you can
find in description box just check it
out if you have no hardwood floor and
you're interested because it's happening
quite soon ticket selling out fast so um
yeah see you I guess in Canberra we have
arrived for britain throught a frolics
you what do you say present projects
good Prison Prison projects so I was so
different for a we and bate there was
more traffic travels open London and we
were cruising and then at the roundabout
which is like 20 miles from here that
look like an action or something
attached it was awful desperate for a
wait so when we finally arrived I jumped
out the car and we in a bush I sacrifice
time took a boat got it but now it's
ours desperate to go so oh hi hi
everyone and now
together whine about it Oh cute look at
this doesnt drake playing a bit like a
coup stick piano drake and there's
everyone my friends when I thought we
had a coup stick great play I've
actually grown up over there in her
little area over the bridge through
Sabrina works in the office and she's
got an amazing voice I've never actually
heard her sing I've had many
conversations amazing and she's only is
amazing now Rock Mountain John Legend
look at this carousel we've got like a
modules in here and they might well
alright we've got food here we've got
knife using cupcakes okay is a fourth of
July right we've got a lot of Americans
are both callous and also gleam have
very often trip all the variability so
we have got like a would you like theme
I think we've got doughnuts in there but
this creature makes and treat them let
me go Wittering coconut collaborative
and I'm gonna have a proton donor and a
lot of power no you have everything at
your odds of power lumbar okay yeah I'll
do it but hateful hit and not recorded
be on the carousel with me but then
ended up doing our horse in front
why did you feel the way over there you
hip
you're very specific about that horse
but so I've got an hour a whole row to
myself so there's clean behind you my
parsley Oh everyone enjoying your horses
this is merely a view better have you
got my videos be muscles I'm right hey
this is Millie Millie works with me most
of the time and then the rest of the
team are lovely too but there are my
team I have a peacock as well I don't
know where the peacock came from I'm I'm
guessing it's not a green thing I think
it might be okay
receiving no okay
I peacock how you doing are you eating
how's life treating you your massive
okay alright well sorry but nice to meet
you I'm going to have food instead I for
this so organizing a group photo we try
to go on the carousel but I was not here
the whole time and it was like hiding on
guys I'd be all on one side and it's a
little bit crafty my broken the guns oh
yeah it's very local grounds on on one
side and it was definitely a crash in a
bang yeah it's alright anyways I'm gonna
leave the camera roll if we're going to
take 45 is doing good to get so many of
us money money clients are so much enjoy
the flavor of running every local how
many we move in across America I'm going
to put you somewhere else
we're moving again whole different thing
a good night
so like I said again organized but
whilst everyone sort of themselves now
here is a tensor sleeping in thank you
right I guess then I'll come back to you
and we agree on stuff together and do a
bit more times outside because you can
see the flower getting a photo all right
I'm going to down Wow hey guys group
photo I start done for another year so I
found my 10 it says gym and time on it
boxing me and tan aren't staying and
Ramon explained earlier market is
staying with me a lot of like lots of
singles but me and markers are sharing a
double bed war me crotch at market is
happening tonight will mostly are
sovereign my other real goodie bags
great Leon is going to teabag lot of
others me your bra and it makes them a
home area fee in my 10th EHR company on
your education honey you're going home
Tom this is my bed not yeah you have to
pull me off it is like mmm
so Marcus my illiterate alien people on
the carousel rock and roll
hi dad oh yeah it's not listening to me
son can you hear me Tonya Tonya bar all
day coming hello Sylvia Tonya look at
look at happy no mates down there Alfie
you got no friends me
what a dick it's been a bit rocky on
some serious can see really matched
about know Jim's own I'm not Jim as a
mess hello I'm scared sorry Marcus
wouldn't like it when we know mama cling
in alright I stop door nothing much
not the time space when a carousel is
broken it's not broken they're letting
Zoe entire the carousel how the carousel
broken you can't nail broke difference
I'm okay no Jim I won't do it anymore
I promise the because thing a little bit
friendlier now people are feeding it
chips I'm thinkin that's why hey dude so
I give you marks of William Arthur all
automating it away
Oh excellent YouTube they're done love
those
oh no it's come for a fight there you
got anyone have a nibble anyway people
it's going to fight me have a nibble
anyways you might have one you never
know then having it all what's this I
think if it's known a MP has dig a pit
and nobody mystery guy he's like your
stupid family nothing
a year later now we've had a baby having
left in charge while while Rico's I
forget this a glass of water and just
hold or like by canoe a bit I should I
should not do okay prepare the basically
she put maybe an energy arm here's a
look at this foot
come out come back yeah bro State
Building say so that you don't love that
so cutely
oh I want to squeeze in like right here
this area we have like washing wash out
hair dye you spray it on it comes out
within a day I just I've done markers
dudes eyebrows and any of us so it's
gonna have what kind of you gone for him
I think Mady t-shirt he'll be here I'll
be really care I'm not going to film it
because I want to measure on again your
eyeballs I'll come back to the video
afterwards yeah
change your plan actually a beginner
film they go thanks very much come on
okay eyebrows I know what I am I'm going
to cover them up you're the clientele my
vlog but yeah yeah hi guys really cool
Jim dangle stick dead oh seven so no not
three mine here we go please they get my
okay I'm going to cover off
thank you doing but what one does not
have a controlled you do i okay
the hard postman tasted bad one joy I
can't like do though Hanukkah here I
come
all a verbal makeup you're in that way
guys
that's right you know whatever no I
promise
good that's the let go on it thank you
always be in the right
fuck okay yeah you almost never know
because it's LA tène absolute if I
can't do the weird though what kind of
shoe to the other one what color blues
view blue no you see my girl flew in his
other is blue he's really escalated now
John's gang his hit bitch die again on
till more months of three because he's
because he's a champ
what can he go okay maybe you approval
of the blue you like a man with a blue
bead totally who is in exactly those
eyeballs I don't have to donate one
cream as my twin
all right I'm going to come round I want
to catch it on fire
I'm also blue but my I'm really blue yes
no that's a good thing really I think
all of these colors are brilliant
hashtag add relation to I'm quite clever
Marcus you keep blocking my shot yeah
you wanna do a whole Hughes is no way in
his brain I know don't got a similar bit
to me you know kind of patchy but by
right not look like a phone it's no blue
not yellow it behind when you go real
close hahaha
yeah yeah coffee Oh get really bad it's
really bad
yeah hey guy have some gin I'll help ya
mate you can have it well good morning
everybody welcome to the 10th it is the
next morning now I stopped filming last
night at what point I don't remember now
but it was certainly the right point we
were we actually already dead fairly
early it had to stop music and closed
the bar I think 11 so we all came back
here last night and hung out just out
there on the on the tables and stuff
over lanterns but actually we were quite
tired so I think by midnight half
midnight we were tucked up in bed I
slept in so Superdry had supply had
supplies goody bag is really amazing of
them so I slept in the truck bottoms
they sent me and this hoodie zipped
right up because I thought I'm campus
amazing
it's right up that's so thick and I'll
share a remark with you did the same at
one point I woke up boiling and markets
are taking his hoodie off I was like you
know what I don't want to disturb him
nothing let's get on
but summaries I thought was a good idea
I was very drunk so much I was good idea
not to disturb them so I just actually
sweated and sweated it wasn't only got
to point roses are okay I'm too hot now
and started sobering up but took it off
yeah and now that your showers outside
though it's like three or four showers
out there so I'm going to go and have in
a minute
apparently only wardens working so the
big old shower queue so I'm going to
in that to you I'm gonna leave this
video here because I'm doing now I was
driving home at some point so um yeah
thank you much for watching I hope you
enjoyed the video and I will see you
very very soon goodbye
