good morning everybody what's happening
what's going on welcome to Namibia we
are on a farm surrounded by land rovers
Humber is currently being fixed it's
early in the morning my Sunday these
guys are getting stuck in under the
bonnet yesterday we had a problem where
while the engine cuts out and yeah I'm
fearing the worst guys opened up this
often one of the bolts holding down
tappet cutter sheared out oil coming out
everywhere turns out the rocker shaft is
split in half and there was talks of the
cylinder head being warped which would
be a huge job to replace luckily they
have everything here so yeah we're just
feeling very lucky actually and secretly
guys I'm quite happy this has happened
because we are in the most beautiful
place and these guys are amazing I would
never have met all of these people
amaura baby are you hmm
Kenan a lot more a lot like today yeah
yeah we did have we are here sure plus
it also they're also the most loveliest
ham yeah lovely people hospitality being
unreal
take a guess about how many I don't know
by the way I've encountered
how many Land Rovers their arm is
problem yeah it has to have that score
tonight okay yeah if it has to have
wheels on it that rule yeah yeah I'm
going to count them we could be here for
a couple of days which actually have no
problem with at all but also I've been
messaging Andrea I'm sending in pictures
of all the old Land Rovers and he is so
jealous I he's seriously considering
driving from jo'burg just to come and
join in the fun
okay so he found that the the cylinder
head has got some problems I'm not going
to go into detail because I don't really
fully understand but basically it's been
skimmed once before badly and it's also
got a crack in it so we're not 100%
happy so we're going to replace it
because it's a brand new cylinder head
on brick parts after that everything's
going to be letter yeah I got to admit
though this is slightly disconcerting
I'm learning so much learning so much
also I love I love how confident these
guys are I mean they've done this 1,000
274 times but I'm not worried at all
maybe I should be maybe that's my
problems maybe I should be more
concerned about things but down
okay kakie three okay okay you some song
yeah you got it
it seems like there's a lot of engine
parts cleaning going on and I'm busy
doing some work can be like a brand-new
brand-new car taking this time to catch
up on some editing Nicole is on a
Landrover somewhere on the farm this
huge farm being shown around I think we
might be here another night maybe two
nights but this is Randy my work in the
kitchen
check out these photos I took yesterday
of Humber when she was still running
actually that was two days ago I took
these with the two hundred four hundred
millimeter from Canon pretty stoked with
them about how is it all four by four
expeditions yeah
goes away for a while yeah this one is
massive clean-up song to get entirely
complacently
get this look away this will pop when
you got the time is for Twitter
these guys have done so much work I
can't believe what they've achieved in
one day
these are the two magicians or three
magicians I've been working on them on
the Pumbaa and look at this new rocker
shaft ran in the head
and brand-new radiator with bigger pipes
which will help cooling in much hotter
conditions ie tropical conditions up in
Kenya so we should have zero problems
with overheating
great news top banana I'm uploading a
video called why I quit blogging which a
little bit clickbait key sort of but not
really because I haven't clicked haven't
actually quit blogging but I did for a
bit it's an explainer video you guys
have most certainly seen it by now but
it feels good to talk about it all and I
think I maybe had a little bit too much
of a rant it's quite long but whatever
it's done and I needed to get it off my
chest feeling good about that not
feeling so good about the speed of the
internet but at least there is some
internet and we have a whole nother
night here because they are they did so
much work improvement today I can't
believe how quickly they're working and
I'm very very excited for tomorrow when
hopefully the finishing touches and
we've got on the car and we can actually
crack on with our journey having only
been delayed by a couple of days
incredible considering the cylinder head
was replaced very very lucky anyway
we're going to learn how to do this all
ourselves one day and I certainly have
learned a lot today but tomorrow we're
going to crack on I'll see you then
we go
Oh
okay update update update we've now been
here two days and we are so close to
being finished engine we just took it
for a test in and the engine is super
strong way more like quite a lot more
power than before
loads of works been done to the car and
right now they're just changing a few
bits on the suspension and the steering
area and just to make sure that they're
not going to give us any cut that we
just had a nice little drone flight
around the farm Cole's first drone
flight how was it fun yeah
I'd like to take it yeah it becomes
really like second nature so looking
forward to getting out of here and
getting back on the road though we have
very much enjoying our state with your
hands Strauss and family yeah absolutely
fascinating place and and how lucky we
are that we broke down so close to your
hand and his workshop cooled us
he's been the chief mechanic working on
the car he is so meticulous it just kind
of want to take him back to Cape Town
with me and set up a proper mechanic
shop one that doesn't slip and skip out
on important things I'm not going to go
into into detail but there's some safety
things that have been horribly
overlooked by mechanics in Cape Town
that could have left us on occasion with
no brakes yeah not particularly
impressed with that but luckily your
hands cousin lives in Cape Town and he
also is into Land Rovers so I'm going to
be getting in touch with him for future
servicing etc yeah what a crazy
adventure so far super looking forward
to exploring the rest of Namibia well
they were going to have to skip out a
couple of bits on this expedition now
due to losing a couple of days okay guys
Pumbaa is ready is the evening it's
taken in two days to fix the car up and
we're finally ready to crack on with our
adventure well I just want to say thank
you so much pleasure yeah yeah I hope
you have nope no problem
for the corrosion which is this is you
guys are my two new favorite people
well sir you surely will come visit but
with our wheels that work okay
yeah I know that why do we go oh you
find out I know master we have just left
sign Fontaine's no sign of I'm sure I
know this saying is very appreciated
where everything happens for a reason
but couldn't believe that saying okay
any more than I do now
I was so upset when this all happened at
the time yeah feeling good about the car
you heard about the trip ahead I'm with
those people
us fat okay let us go okay beautiful
people we've made our way to back to
house where we were just two days ago
with a nonworking cart we found a
campsite and it's almost I think it's 11
o'clock at night and I'm cracking on
with the adventure tomorrow as planned
see you then
