hello everyone and welcome to another
vlog today is actually quite an exciting
Manchester we've got Piccadilly on our
doorstep so we are very well-connected
and George and I are huge champions of
that of the north so that's what we're
doing today and we're really excited to
be champion the north and being able to
show you all the North has to offer
today we're going to York and then
tomorrow Newcastle and then next weekend
we're going to Glasgow so it's gonna be
really really fun vlog and I'm excited
when you along with me the weather
looking gold yes and yeah I was just
going to get enough food and hopefully a
few cocktails and just to go shopping
all that kind of jazz so yeah it's going
to be really exciting Lauretta station
it's very funny to have an early entry
which is disgusting Megan is George
style always a little bit early for the
we bring at the optimistic
you excited by your convention very
exciting
we've around that's very generous oh so
quick right just an hour in Ellis yeah
by our hair and it's the most a
beautiful day ever
blue skies everything fucking gorgeous
and yeah we're very excited to go and
exploring first stopping for Giggy drink
along the Riverside in my father asking
are they at this started fixing those
over there could be like some chaps
garlic I just look like the road basic
things up because we rude not to when
you're in a relatively new city for me
and so that Rose they went down absolute
treat I'm a correctly on the way to get
some lunch we're going to go try out
this place massage which everyone is
talking about right now in York
apparently who's like the newest the
campus took places it's Japanese joint
which of course was like can we come in
and they said they've reserved a table
for two on the bar so that'd be nice so
a key she me and a lot of a jazz yeah
man so in your travelers backpack it's
not anybody fucking don't she backed me
saluted washbowl a flash by yeah
gosh analysis of dilution like that
might have seemed like only he may
report but they never get enough anytime
the new betrayal
so we've got cauliflower core is here
and then we trout lesson how to buy to
that
now we've got right Explorium watermelon
we're just like Scott oh my god listen
the best meal I've ever ever had it was
actually British food with them in touch
of the rest of the world within it in
fact every single dish is beautifully
presented
it's like an art form where the best
piece on how yeah it's very very very
good maybe they don't change her in fact
we've heard a lot about it so it
definitely lived up to the height so I
would HIGHLY highly recommend
me
you open look at it it's fucking
beautiful
I don't think I've seen you like this
it's insane so impressive but never ever
seen it before so it's like some to put
in change I believe realize what about
these really good with my little
courtyard and about your friends
so it's an episode again explanation
from Bob we're using Yelp going to kind
of go around
I want some cowboy boots robot yeah it's
nice get it
hey yeah go for such a culture such a BD
what amazing day been really good
gorgeous weather and we've really
enjoyed exploring York we're just going
to go meet a friend Peter max now for a
quick drink before we go for some dinner
and I often and I present a favor
absolutely decision on a life
and yes the menu looks great so hapless
happy now we're at kasha and which is
expensive as Vicki thank you good and I
went oh I showed it on day with poached
egg on top Jordan I don't have a
halloumi and Murphy back and relax kabob
coming back and then if it goes down
here that you're like garlic sauce from
the start all the way down so we've just
got the pasta dish what you think is
really nice meal isn't it pretty nice it
was lovely at a watering canceling on
bail and hanging to Baja a lot of hot
cheese it was just about and now we're
going to go to George's mom and dad in
Helmsley that'll be nice and yeah York's
been amazing so much fun
beautiful weather incredible
architecture and we had a really lovely
custom so roll on New Castle tomorrow
ignite
make it nice good boy good morning
everybody we're back at York station now
ready to get the 1108 turns time Express
train
and ocean
around the new temple the best in our
gender infinite lunch and we Scout that
is really cool Mexican joint on the key
side so just walking there now Joey's
ahead of me come on relax and me there's
a really cute little market and we're
gonna have a look at later
all along the key side see are not quite
as warm as it was yesterday that is for
sure
we currently made away from very old
Korea
come on Isaacson given a bunch of
choices
wila voices so
my laptop father
it's not the most gorgeous cafe and the
car flat cap cafe and it came out as a
community from you guys thank you very
quiet other people working and I just
say to say that the coffee is amazing -
good afternoon everybody
so since I last spoke rather than maybe
Mexican at burial comida absolutely
amazing it was in my soul and tin
container and the Mexican food was so so
fresh and the staffs were so lovely and
the margaritas at work tip top so yeah
that was amazing so we filled our
stomachs mer and I walked over this
highly recommended cafe called flat cap
and which is really really lovely like
so so beautiful and lots of puns and
just very very walking and now we're in
is the Google News bed which I believe
is like the quirky creative area of New
Castle a bit like shortage in London and
northern or to Manchester we're just
currently looking for about and so yes
was the kind of our kind of hunting oil
change cocktail or something similar
Georgia's not crossing the road with me
why
Plato's is what we've been looking for
kill very cool
through jazz we're now going to central
restaurant it's just it of a nun central
shaker and it's so hard because the
train station is right there so we're
going to eat and then go get the train
back to Manchester self secretary
Michelle what Georgia say than anecdotal
time to look at these cocktails candy
fall from the top right Prosecco with
candor papa parma violets training to
become a trainee now headed back to our
future hey man so not too much and
that's because eventually we will see
you next week when we hadn't o'clock
you're always with the sports coming
hello everyone and welcome to Glasgow
Jordan I got on the tray trans
microstrain
from Manchester at court 7:00 this
morning so that was a bit of structure
system on a Saturday morning but we made
it just three and a half hours and we're
in Glasgow never realized it was that
quick
we were kind of thinking it would be a 5
hour train ride so very impressed with
that
how are you today honey Ruby yeah it's
like half pen now so we're heading to
brunch burger both of course single-end
cafe and you know it's going to explore
Glasgow today and really propose that
nobody's got them full have you been to
explore under the moon times so many
times you just in a moment and yes by
the pond today explored must go
shame about the weather it's a little
bit early but very very look at this
brunch
and so we just had an amazing brunch at
single heaven and which was divine IR is
amazing and eggs benedict on sweet
potato patties like an avocado and
tarragon hollandaise enjoyed on both
legs and it was amazing I really good
vibes like so so big why was it focus on
me and I were describing describing
walking up buyers road independent shops
well a good children's we did about the
detour on route 2 independent Shopville
and ended up in the botanic garden so
for people at the sun's coming out but
Bradley Putney job it's really really
warm but just nice and children
evergreen scenic picture Aerodyne a lot
to the town as the Sun begins to command
a train I have an acquaintance cocktail
on Ashton Lane a lunch for the kilo
Street my life all the way along game
with most of class
people by last names I think you can
again pretty Larry but right now have
insurance is cut a foot up and we're um
we brown wool is very thick insulation
so now it's time for some cocktails
delicious fruit ox and Finch I believe
and
so just leave an ox and Finch and it was
a really really love night it was like
all top half British cuisine really
really delicious great atmosphere and
divine cocktails read like a June and a
Perl script cup so gin and a Perl
cocktail which is like my dream cocktail
so really really enjoyed that we're just
walking down the field Street now
towards nice and squeezes which like an
iconic rock and roll indie bar which has
heard so much about georgeson's
countless times a sort of I've heard a
lot about ourselves you can have a
nightcap now sport heading back to the
hotel get a nice good night's sleep or
in the spirit flowing like oh so that is
the plan I'm sure our steak knively said
which i think is an elephant good night
no good morning everybody
such a wonderful day night the oxen in
treasure of the castle if I looked at
George's assistant on the phone there
but we kind of come out a little bit
this morning because I'm eating it with
Amy Amy Bella like nice and to breakfast
and she flipped trophical composure
straight proof mr. Infeld is definitely
a man happy strange brew just arrived
we're going to go in and see for they're
probably not totally
cake time would come to one on top
absolutely obsessed to say and the
decorative name
Oh
/ - we had a lovely breakfast at cafe
strange brew with Amy and her boyfriend
Holly and then we defense saw a cake at
once the part was really cool quiet
clapping place and its really really
raining we're heading through the
lighthouse the tribe has amazing views
on home time so we're back where we
started on my cell phone we got back
last night from Glasgow at around 9
o'clock quite late train about six ish
so three hours later we arrived which
the unpack showers got in bed we were
absolutely exhausted exploring really
I absolutely loved it York was beautiful
I always will job getting to explore and
delving a little bit deeper it was just
so much fun that architecture insane
Scott still hands-down the best
restaurant I've ever ever eaten that I
loved it and then it's Newcastle and
highlights were by your community the
Mexican joy thousand ridiculous coffee
shops really quite quirky independent
coffee shops and cocktail joints things
like that really really cool and then
Glasgow I absolutely adore clubs as a
first time I'd ever been to Glasgow and
we just looked at the brunch game in
Glasgow is insane single end and strange
brew oh so so great and yeah we had a
real lovely date night oh I just have
such a fun time I can't thank chance and
I express enough for challenging George
and I to go and see the north and
letting the tapas amazing opportunity
and bring you guys along with me I
really really hope you've enjoyed it and
enjoyed this video please give a thumbs
up and let me know the comics where
you're going next I would love love love
to know and
I'll see you my next video right
