oh my god turn it right there we go I'm
wearing I don't know a day or two
dollars back to YouTube this rocket each
hand
let's sit down and have a chat hello my
precious angels I have so much to update
you on you guys won't even understand so
as you can tell we're in the apartment
this is my third day in the apartment
including moving day so I've had two
loads of moving in footage and unboxing
things and building things and stuff
because I didn't realize how stressful
moving in and building things and
getting all the room sorted would
actually be literally on a Friday and
all of yesterday was just full of
dreading things screwing things building
things painting things like just
basically was trying to organize the
whole thing and it the apart was just in
such a big mess I really didn't want to
get my camera out and film anything to
be honest because I just I just couldn't
I didn't even pick up my phone I must
have written my phone for a maximum of
three times the whole of yesterday on
Friday and today like I've literally
hardly been on my phone of Holabird on
social media I did a little bit of a mr.
Graham story in last night just when I'd
completely finished everything I needed
to do but yeah that's the reason for the
lack of footage in this video I think I
could do a little bit but I didn't do
those I remember I don't really cook up
my camera I just figured I would show
you guys what I've done so far it's
nothing major so please don't like think
what I show you is the finished product
because definitely not like there are so
many things I still need to do but I
really want to give you guys just an
idea I will not upload because I miss
you guys
in a really long time and yeah I just
thought I'd show you but please don't
think this is a finished product because
it's not got lots lots lots more things
to do and build and it's gonna be
amazing in here I'm totally excited and
I really hope you guys love it as well
so let's start off where this room this
is the lounge what I've done so far is
basically just get all of the essentials
in place so if I show you guys it like
this so back here is all the kitchen the
utility room the bathrooms over there
there's loads of like rubbish bags on
the floor and stuff that we need to fill
out but the lounge is pretty tidy so far
so
we have the island and now I was
considering for ages whether or not to
get bar stools or a dining table I went
with a dining table so the one we have
guests and everything over I can cook
dinner for them we're gonna have some
nice chairs to go here which are
my VARs from house of bris√©e I want to
call it house of brisee not sure how you
say it but all of my dicenio-- prints
are here I think I'm gonna put them up
on that wall there my sofa
love that so much ice reed diffuser on
it from the top drawer and the rug is
also from BNN then there's the whole TV
unit the TV units from Ikea our TV
obviously lamp from bnm shelf we have an
LED light to go under the shelf which is
just over there and it just needs to be
installed lanterns I'm gonna get some
candles for that oh I think that's
Connor my lights obviously hello okay
babe so Connor Swift has been to watch
Arsenal play today how was it very fun
day just as I was updating everybody on
how our moves gone so far so yeah that's
the lounge area which you guys have seen
my beautiful clock which is also from
vnm I'm such a bnm fan I don't even care
my bedroom which is very very plain at
the moment like I'm really stuck on what
to do really stuck so I'm gonna get rid
of these cartoons these came with the
flat and I'm gonna put some nice blinds
there I think and maybe do a really cool
DIY headboard which I'm gonna show you
guys in my DIY video and I really wanted
to get
some bedside tables but there isn't
enough room for them well I'm thinking
of just getting one and putting it on my
side there but like a lamp I don't
really know my beautiful mirror for my
chaos and fake flowers there but this
whole space is just like really big and
spacious but it's also just it just
feels very empty so I kind of want to
make the bedroom my next project but I
just don't know what to put here so if
you guys have any ideas maybe a rug
table there I don't know I'm gonna have
to gonna have to think about that one
you guys have any ideas as to how I can
make the bedroom like you know just more
me then let me know I don't think it'll
take much of an s I think it would just
be like maybe a few fairy lights
pictures this is my masterpiece like you
guys :
isn't this just my masterpiece how long
have I spent on this room honestly I
came up with the ideas babe this is my
dream room
I literally just can't explain how in
love with this room I am even though
it's not even done like it's not even
done we've probably got I would say
about 60% of it done there's still a lot
more that I want to do so you walk in
there's Conor's desk his gaming setup
that's gonna be where he's doing all his
work trying to get some shelves to put
up on the wall around that then we've
wardrobe area so on there you have the
mound chest of drawers all that black
things really annoying me
and mum chest of drawers some bits and
bobs that aren't gonna be there I'm
gonna put them on shelves which I'll
talk to you guys about in a minute our
rails of clothes all color-coordinated
so it goes from lightest to darkest and
then we've got an LED shelf which is
from bnm surprise and then these are
five mini shelves which are going to go
on this side of this big mirror here I'm
gonna do those up put some stuff on
it on the mound dresser got my makeup in
there
full-length so story about this mirror I
have got a DIY video coming soon
literally as in like later on this week
I think Tamara was in the range and as
you can see it's obviously quite big
there was one right next to it which was
a champagne color this was 70 pounds and
it was white originally and those
champagne anyone next to it was 90
pounds it was obviously a better color
it was also smaller Oh my issue was do I
go with the bigger mirror which is the
colour I don't like and pay less or
white buy the other mirror which her
obviously didn't end up buying it was 20
Paul more expensive and it was smaller
so I decided to do a DIY job on this and
I spray-painted this like a beautiful
metallic silvery kind of colour you guys
can see that I hang some fairy lights up
on it and it's literally amazing got a
little hook there as well and then I'm
gonna hang that painting up on that or
maybe some other paintings I'm not sure
and this is my hallway which just looks
so messy at the moment so please ignore
I'm gonna hang this mirror up that's
from being am as well that mirror and
then my other boy which I just need to
go out as well that is what we've done
so far as I obviously said like it's
nowhere near finished we've just got the
majority of stuff up but there's lots
and lots of tweaks I still want to do
it's gonna finish the vlog hey guys I
have a lot of videos coming this week
I've got a whole video coming tomorrow
featuring this beautiful beautiful
jacket can we just how amazing is I love
it so much I've also got a decorating
video coming up which I'm filming
tomorrow I'm then gonna do another blog
and then I'm gonna do my DIY hacks video
as well so I've got a lot of videos
coming up she's just so exciting now I'm
in my flat you guys I'm gonna be
uploading all the time I'm telling you
right now and it's gonna be so much fun
we're gonna have so much fun we always
have so much fun on this channel what
you on about oh I'm gonna punch the blog
hair I love you guys so much and I'll
see you the next one goodbye Angels
eyewear Sam you do you boo keep shining
I love my apartment so much I love you
guys more
