good morning I'm starting the vlog on a
cold and rainy Monday morning we must be
approaching Austin we've just got to do
it errand doodles and I we're heading
back to the car now no doubt like
tonight but what about that late to do
that oh that's exciting
we can set up right I'll tell you know
liam is working nights tonight so said
astok asleep in my bed and I'm
completely tied America oh man it's a
mess and changing sheets and make it
like a hotel and doctors have saved me
then like we're at a hotel we'll
download a film yeah I don't get our
nails have some breakfast in bed
tomorrow morning
make it a spa okay works you say but
also I want to bend it with doodles so
yeah we've popped into co-op I'm not
sure we're gonna make carrots and
streets on their own are they we've got
lots of edge at home in the fridge so if
I were picked up some tangerines bananas
good idea good idea
I'm 21 weeks pregnant today and I am
living
the moment that I can indulge in blue
cheese again it's one o'clock
I've just finished editing a video doing
for London Midland Dustin I had a really
fun day out in London on Friday actually
I was reading I said it that like see
all the little memories and also London
Midland are doing a thing you'll see in
that video that's pretty cool now I look
this is your first ignore all that that
needs hanging up little glimpse of all
the baby bits now I'm searching for
Darcy's swimming cause that we have so
many here we go okay for this one
because I've got so much work to do
today
throughout the summer holidays when I
ever have Darcy basically just suck off
what I couldn't like have fun days with
her but it's all caught up on me a bit
so Liam has just got back he's just
bought a new car because his old one
didn't have ISOFIX fixtures and one with
the baby that's gonna need to be in a
nice a fixed thing and also his old car
is getting a bit old and blah blah blah
I also need to get a new car because I
can get Darcy and quite comfortably and
my car does have isofix this is so
boring isn't it why much of you want I
so fix things it's to do car seats
anyway and we are going swimming now
what we generally do generally what we
tend to do when I've got loads and loads
of work on is I'll get Darcy ready in
the changing rooms walk her through to
the pool Liam or do something with her I
watched through this big window in a
cafe and try get some writing done and
then I'm giving a thumbs up I go and get
her until the change room stuff I just
rambled for a really long time about
really pouring mum stuff I recited to
cut it out we're going swimming and that
is that and I'm gonna do some writing
we're back in the writing season the
back in biz trying to get the next wild
book done I'm on a bit of a time crunch
because you know I got pregnant I got
knocked up and now I have to get all my
stuff done before I push a tiny human
out of my vajay so when people say what
she deadlines my deadline is for when my
baby comes out that's my deadline anyway
enough chat
let's go and do this Soapy's calls just
over there so I can watch those little
leather couch and get my mind into like
creative zone and see if I can get some
writing successful written about Astrid
words I'm really happy with them got
into the rhythm a bit a bit more talked
about as a new character and if it's up
to her old tricks and reintroduce Lacey
again it doesn't and she said Darlington
she's talking about something that's
happening going on in her life um it's
really nice it's like good back it's
really nice to go back to like all the
old characters it's nice of a new one
but I'm really enjoying the old one like
that I know bu it just feels really nice
fighting book too I thought that like it
was well I'm sure it will get hard but
right now it's still like in there all
this is so lovely like visiting a warm
friend so I'm really enjoying it I'll
keep giving updates as the week's go on
I won't give any spoilers but so many
people don't like that but do you feel
free to leave any questions and if it's
ones that the answer wouldn't give away
a spoiler then I'll try not to written
it in the next week anyway I have to go
and get Darcy now and do the changing
room stuff with her go back we stopped
off at TK Maxx and I've lost love a
little bit Sony baby and Liam bought a
guitar as you do what's it called a
stack was that just the name of the back
no it's a Fender really enjoyed
listening to some without alrighty this
afternoon and I can't wait to hear loads
loads more every day
ok it's 7 o'clock and we're all set up
for our hotel my aren't we
Darcy has made the bet I need to put
fresh sheets on it but before I did that
Darcy has made the bet in well you can
you can see for yourself
tada just my maternity pillow down the
middle I just put all that you have and
we're gonna watch Nativity when do you
want to watch Chris's films the 21st of
August that's when you want to UM see
what else I've got if she's gonna watch
yeah we've got baby Annabelle it's just
their blanket on the floor just in case
a dressing-gown all sorts of things ah
we're gonna snuggle up together and liam
is not going to be here tonight because
working nights it's just me and doodles
and it's gonna be you just following me
around
doing both scepter any well for hotel
like it's lovely what kind of day would
we say this grey day
happy birthday my sister hates that I'm
filming a because she looks oh that's
very mature Tiana very good well then
Tiana how old are you today
lookie lookie the postman's Ben I'm
excited I really hope this is a ball
ball I thought on how to say I said look
you look is Zoe by the way come and join
us at Savannah's winter wonderland
I've read the invite and chummy I'll
tell you this personally I want to come
but I can't because I have Darcy that
day and I'm in London the next day for
something so I won't be comin but I will
be hanging this and obviously supporting
you and all that you do and all the
things you bring out and I'll be saving
this to pop on my tray looks like a
snowman doesn't it Judas
please yeah tada I've made a bit of an
effort today of usually the front of my
hair desperate needs a wash and like put
a hairband on and like put some red
lipstick on a staff um I didn't vlog
last week and I thought I ought to just
quickly address that um for the last few
weeks
I've been feeling a little bit less than
my usual super peppy self I haven't been
feeling like depressed or super down or
anything just been feeling a bit like
just emotionally tired and not really
get having a lot to give to the vlogs
and I decided that what I did have in
terms of energy and like emotional
well-being I should be giving to other
things like myself or my family and
people around me I don't think that
there's any one thing that has really
dragged me down I think there's just
been a couple of little things on top of
just feeling a bit more tired than they
usually would and I was wearing my
maternity jeans day in day out with a
t-shirt so it's comfortable and just
stopped feeling good about myself and
then stopped feeling good about myself
and then had to deal with like lots of
life bits also and I decided that rather
than carry on trying to make the weekly
vlog look really happy and exciting
which I feel like I was struggling to do
because I mean if you're not feeling
super happy and exciting then I mean how
to make your life seen have been
exciting and so it's all right I don't
this isn't compulsory why am i I don't
need to fake something I don't need to
make something people will understand
and you know I'm not contracted to do a
video week so if I feel like it's not
gonna be a great video and I don't want
to like turn a camera on myself every
two minutes I just won't so it just
didn't I wasn't actually going to make a
video at all but then I felt compelled
to make the video I did make which was
slightly unusual slightly interesting
about my thoughts on God which is not
for everybody I know if you want to come
watch it there if you don't that's
totally fine I wasn't expecting it to be
like a million views in a day kind of a
video um however having that break has
really really helped which sounds crazy
because I don't consider weekly vlogging
particularly challenging because you're
just picking up the camera showing
what you're doing anyway but just having
that space to use all the energy I had
on people and myself and just being a
bit kinder to myself I suppose like I
made an effort with my clothes and I put
makeup on I liked and I text friends
that are you free and I had all the
girls around for a hot tip night which
is really nice I know lots of you gonna
be like kind of hot already pregnant
it's not a prank it's a safe setting and
just made more of an effort and which is
carried on into this week as well I'm
seeing in fact we're gonna go to see
friends it's after Newton and stuff like
that um so feeling a lot better and a
lot happier and less and learnt is that
when you feel a bit mad the worst thing
you can do is hide away in your nightie
and watch Downton Abbey on repeat it's
not gonna help you I see life lesson
right now I have to go and wrangle the
troops and get ready because we are
going to an adventure playground
righty-tighty my friend I'm at it's late
righty tighty but look what I just found
you look ah Lucy a load of parasha and I
feel like this is going to be essential
today because every every park with it
needs some luxury chocolate very much
just be general woloson some of those
fried
right big boots which is not to dog one
must black and one was golden and they
were both the same they're like twins
but not if they come back if they come
back out run get sneaky sneaky shot the
twin dogs
twins but not by treating ourselves to
arrive on a train with the kids
we're excited I've come mad I'll show
you something
Sushi's for you it's alright
starting Wednesday okay a different
location dropped off this morning here
Vesta and her many chill have bruised
her litter box home so that sounding the
day with much love why I decided oh my
gosh biting you I'm off home yes lovely
yeah went to TK Maxx in the chapter
first time I've been in she came back
some other home since Cal I don't like
it it's really they found it was
overwhelming and all the clothes I don't
like that rifling through business or
like it to be like I quit into next you
can see what's what but in places like
that you can't and that stresses me
that's how I feel about a lot of shops
such Nick but I didn't like the baby
section and I'll show you some bit sort
does and a little peter pan collar and
not like floral motif and then spotty
leggings with a little bow-wow
and then last but not least I bought
that in M three months so that I'll be
sort of March time and then also in
three months I bought this house this
little bit and when Darcy saw this she
was like which one's me and which ones
baby yeah don't say her name
which ones baby so we picked her which
was which and then it's just this little
polka dotty that Dalmatian top and then
the leggings they have feet I thought
that was so cute and that was a snip at
$7.99 which I thought was pretty good
and then also small named 1/8 of order
came and this isn't my sister my sister
Tiana turned 21 this week it's okay to
show these because you she will have got
them but I'm seeing her Friday night and
Tiana is obsessed with Dinosaurs like
crazy obsessed she got my Instagram I
see a picture of her and she listened
their dinosaur suit so basically I'm
going to just give her a load of
dinosaur stuff and I'll either give her
a bit of money or she actually owes me
some money so I might just be like to
have to pay me all of that back because
she's you don't let me see
I've got the chain a bit mixed up oh
here we go so cold chain and send this
like no weird leather dinosaur I think
this looks a little bit dominatrix II
but my sister's pretty edgy what
sanctions dominatrix my sister is a
dominatrix that's the title in this
video also nothing wrong with her she is
I suppose this is taken a turn but and
here we are this is the bag but a bra
and then also the megabowl I ordered her
these
happy 21st yada-yada decent sleep so
monitor these sexy slippers and I've
and about and stuff and you have to
follow her on Twitter or something see
if she does this is what my afternoon
just editing my videos this will be up
on my main channel sprinkleofglitter
which by the way I've had a bit of a
rejigger so oh my God look at these how
much do you want those in your actual
own life yeah I've had a bit of an a
sort of rebrand I guess I basically just
changed the artwork that go and check
that out and sprinkle of glitter and
youtube.com/ for that sprinkleofglitter
we're going out for dinner shortly we're
going out for tapas just gonna go out
the bedroom because Games just finished
the shower and no really see a naked man
coming out of the shower although quite
a nice naked now this is not what we
need to go I'll go in this bedroom
um we're popping out to my favorite
restaurants in Northampton shit me that
was bloody bright wasn't it good God um
we're going out for dinner is a little
bit tell you and I'll do some like
covert filming but it won't delete it
because you know what parents gonna be
there I didn't do a very good job did I
didn't film a single thing
to feel okay to come home and but what I
will share he is their bedroom because I
don't think I've ever do rasa what's
nice lighten the last time you saw this
room would have been when I'd moved in
now I just had a similar mattress on the
floor so I'll give you a little tiny
room tour let me know what you think so
this is my guest room um I bought these
bedside tables and these lamps are home
scents and I forgot to get bulbs so
basically and like oh come and stay at
my house you can't have any lights there
and these fairy lights finally have
given up after a decades I need to UM
peel all of those but you'll recognize
this bed it's a new mattress with the
same frame the sheets are these lovely
lovely sheets from rulli this tough
enough for ambience you're talking quite
exciting stairs don't you like what's
that weird girl doing that are so losing
just filming a room in my house versus
people on the internet nothing I think
I've know all that um little area of
stuff you might remember this from an
old guest room in fact this used to be
in my bedroom leave a comment below if
you've been watching since these two
things were in my pink bedroom all like
I knew things just their hair dryer on
the floor and read me a story took me in
tight tell me you love me kiss me
goodnight little book of diversions some
candles
my dad look at him looking all all
fronts and Oh dad you're drunk
plant mum and dad on their wedding day
little thing my mum wrote for me when I
was born
the cantle used to have their Zarrella
stinky sticks Zoe what are they called I
call them piss ticks because like sticks
in pissy water but it smell good um this
is the other side of the room it has a
wardrobe which I desperately hope but
I've been full of shit as is this
um daughter's marriage popped it in here
for them so they can so they can see
things else oh yeah that's me and the
ensuite know how lucky they are
I have filled this is some little like
goodies for my peer box that they can
use some Facebook sparing you from my
face Inc put a candle in here loads of
fresh towels hiccup remember where this
mirrors from let me know if you do
nobody think this soaked by the way I've
been using this um professor scrubbing
Tain's I had never heard of it it was in
my peer box I absolutely love it if you
see this I don't know where it stopped
by it shower some more lipids and
poppers in yeah so that's why that be
sleeping tonight I know this is a
hideous angle I've had to prop you up
earlier and element so pondered about
that it's Thursday morning do my makeup
with my dirty brush because I'm just a
individual and and in the morning lots
of you in thing blowy it's almond hi
it's this Mac soft and gentle
mineralized skinfinish what brilliant
lighting that is there for you oh so I
just slammed that on my cheek with
illness like mirrors that's when I know
I've got enough on and then also to tell
you together can't read me get this
little Real Techniques fluffy choppy
Real Techniques brushes are the best
then ice with it around in this and then
I do it on my eyelids as well and then
people are like
my god did you see the easy in the data
no use me you know me wrong evasion as
exciting charismatic intelligent not
suffer no but amazed you mean you don't
want to blow the eyelids yes I believe
and how much Louise minion violence I
entertain myself and that's what's
important isn't it
let's do trimmer scar under my eyes
don't look like yourself in the snow
this is the Y yourself I believe is the
shocking mascara to the scene over this
what stars like maybe it was my
promotional package it in don't want to
do that it's pumping air into everything
and not happens when you pump air into
small places it's not good if you go to
a bit tense because I haven't times much
writing this week as I would like to
have done before I'd like me to new wild
while too even wild I don't know what
we're calling this feeling a bit too
tense about that but I've got to some
appointment later because going on TV
tomorrow on time and me and mock you but
back are going on GMT not TV it's always
good morning Britain talk about hello
world which you should definitely buy
tickets all as you all know it's
bullshit are rude luck in Oh - yeah oh
good yeah you can all see that can't you
that's really good that's really just
sort of smear that on Wednesday mine's
not Carly Jenna
it's actually acceptable yeah you put my
hair out
I'm going to turn 12 in dry shampoo and
also the weirdest tangle teezer tangle
teezer sent me a tangle teezer quick
toss me on it I was like that's weird
brilliant
I'll keep it and then I have to go
downstairs and be a good girlfriend and
make small talk with like they're not my
in-laws but essentially laws the m-step
sunset at dinner
that you two tests and hates social
media and i sat there like don't really
wanna vlog in front of it now
okay another child it's a miracle
there's not a cute it's a Christmas
miracle
yum-yum-yum-yum yum-yum-yum wah wah
brilliant clip I'm escaping from the
in-laws for a while too bit of shopping
in the little deli bit that they have
here which is so nice and so delicious
Oh from the up home wares I don't need
do I need a stack cushion maybe how cool
is this look you can buy the base for a
pie and then do all the filling so
basically you're cooking it yourself but
you're definitely not that's exactly
what I would do if I was still trying to
impress me I'm just trapped in are they
dropped them off and just come home he
was gone to the gym and I am thinking
I've got two hours of work to go I can
get my hair done I'm either going to do
some writing or do a stationary Hawk all
the stationery I'll quickly show you
quite a lot of stationery but I need to
haul if you don't know every single year
at the end of August I do a stationary
haul it's a thing I realized this seems
excessive but it's just a thing and so I
could set that up and down do it and
that's done and then right at the salon
I've got the house quiet yeah I'm gonna
do that even though don't feel like my
hair it's really mean I mean look that
just greasy it's really gross I'll just
put some dry shampoo on a headband
that's what I'll do now you know all the
tricks of the trade if ever you see me
with a headband on it's not a good hair
day yeah and I need to choose an outfit
I've told you rotate all right I'm
excited about that right let's get
myself sorted and looks like I've done
human again thanks thanks
genius shit alert earlier but I'm
popping into the shops because I'm on
the hunt for chunky necklace tomorrow
unless things we were wearing a white
shirt and some like maternity jeans
which isn't that glamorous since all I
could just up with a big necklace but
Northampton towns that have a whole lot
of good offering shop wiser see what we
can find
we had success in stop shopping I bought
this necklace which I thought was
Chelsea but not crazy which is what I'm
going for
I also bought some wear some lashes
these are the texture i'll your number
117 lat is a bracelet ooh this poo tube
and then also a ring and then the
saleslady it was wearing with gorgeous
eyeshadow there was certainly stream
luck it was like what is on your eyes
and it was this which looks a bit
disgusting in the packet but on you know
to me they should've swatch for you
yeah well it's called beauty queen do a
little swatch in the car do a little
swatch in the car
can you see that
see that at all
brilliant well support it and I'm happy
with my third choice and I got some
writing done as well which is good
because I've had it quite hard to get
into it I'm gonna go home and do some
more of that oh yeah it's very warm and
yeah just get it sorted puppet stressed
earlier and I feel a bit karma now I
think having your hair done calms it's
like she washed it away she washed she
washed that stress right out of my hair
this week's vlog my god
good morning it's 549 I got up this
morning at 5:00 I'm going on good
morning Britain so I'm just checking to
see if I can have one that's certainly
not I'm just gonna take a whole
prescribed dangerously I think I've
washed rose Ruth alive by leading and
wash Ross press I am raising take a
little drink sleep
me
traffic is pretty amazing so I'm already
arrived
mr. raspberries I cannot put them back
in the bag just like shovel the wall in
my mouth or I go into the studios yeah
I'm gonna like just qualify her shovel a
load of ours wasn't enough to give me
new keys and they don't get diarrhea
good morning Marcus is going to feel the
baby
but how do you think that one is good
it's fun it was nice thing it was like
someone else with your pressures yeah
interesting questions they always like
if they're asked isn't talked about
Halliwell though we did get tickets
coming feeling onstage gonna be dressed
up as else around there apparently we're
gonna do something together on stage I'm
home and I'm in my soft office ok bitch
with my laptop I am going to edit the
stationery haul that I filmed yesterday
to try and put up tonight I'm really
concerned about the footage I have a
little shitty exit still on this camera
but I'm concerned about the footage
because my hair look just terrible I
know it's such a small thing I'm like oh
why didn't I wait I've had my hair done
but I was just running out of time and I
was kind of like the opinion segment
fuck it
like your hair's not the most important
thing it's like what you say and do but
now I'm thinking oh god when it will it
look like a bloody show as in in Scouse
London and Liverpool they say you're a
show which means a mess um did you know
I lived in them for six years when I was
eighteen to twenty three or four I did
in fact right so that's what I'm going
would hop over there onto my main
channel also my main channel this week I
uploaded let's have a quick look what
was it was it another video it was it
Darcy's autumn hall yesterday yes
Darcy's autumn wardrobe so there'll be
two main channel videos for you to go
and check out after you watch this one
once again I find myself waiting for
Liam told him we have to leave at half
past six
it's now 6:30 8 trying to be calm about
it but really ought to yell at him also
in a little bit nervous because I
haven't felt the baby move today or I
don't think I felt that maybe maybe I
haven't been because I've been doing
stuff like the TV this morning and then
working stuff noon I didn't up as well
and I haven't been like actively
listening out not listening feeling out
for the movements I don't normally have
to do and now I'm starting to like freak
out thing like did I feel her and I
haven't taken notice of it or have I not
felt her so I texted my midwife she said
if I don't feel her but when I get back
from the meal I can go in and have her
heart be heard hopefully a well I mean
it's not like I've been sat at home all
day desperately trying to feel and havin
so that's good I'm sure she's reasonable
she's like 21 weeks I don't know worried
at the moment but by the time this goes
up I'm sure I'll be fine anyway we're
gonna go and pick up gng grandma and
granddad gee Margie dad in the house I
don't know why did that and take them
over to my sister's birthday meal she's
21 this week and that's for 62 tomorrow
okay
we are here come on anymore
Oh his Tina hello looking very glamorous
oh you look so min about Irene my little
daughter that's not so little anymore
a little room that you got going on SIB
its wish isn't it
oh happy 21st she feel different from
being 20 I've got Liam next to me sauce
grandma and that dad dressed as Burt
from Mary Poppins today if you want to
hold them enthrall to see baby little
babies with this infection we need
essentially just like mushroom pasta
isn't it with something on the top
cheesy
or better spiked I'm so glad that's
being on the Internet
right it's it's like 10:00 p.m. the
night none and I'm late I'm ending the
hell you all packing up okay I will see
you all I hope you've enjoyed this blog
subscribe more rapid chance and I
