hi guys welcome back to another vlog
today is Sunday
I think VidCon might still be happening
or it's over today I left yesterday
afternoon and now mom's back in town for
work and yeah finally we're going to go
to the farmers market get their car wash
maybe you need to get your Nelson - yeah
- it's really starting to annoy because
they're feeling awesome we'll keep you
updated oh you can't that can't have
peeling nails
so yeah that's what on the agenda
those are really cute oh I love that
so food I feel like this one's really
pretty oh yes thank you
mom you can take okay
I'm in like vegetables in this look my
mom is really excited about this right
now she's like I don't I don't know
where to go first we got the ball so
fresh
we came and we conquered systems you
need to buy a wagon and we need to buy
OID because everyone else are Lions and
we don't but we came in we call her a
new piece for new big movie for the
farmers market for sure
but I know some of you write local and
then like someone different from using
your first time here not even a report I
mean she the pro guys they found how
many products launched on hub fake masks
are my hair ma yes I mean we have we
literally have everything for you to
give like yourself a spa treatment at
home now it's actually a two-parter so
you have your actual hair mask on the
bottom so think of it as almost like oh
there it is yeah it's nice nice and
squishy on the inside yeah so it's
amazing oh my god you guys just comes
with the hair Matt oh yes I like thanks
artistic hearing especially smelter
foundations have to add like assemble
and yeah like blended and it is like oh
yeah better but I guess I want to say at
least I slice the size that it was yeah
you don't feel if you let the French
completely like doubled in size and you
have all these great angles that were
perfectly for everything all over the
place so you can get like a nice like
little bit underneath I and see one of
my Contras and know if you really want
to have it the crowds like if you want
to feel it's like super super downside
oh well yeah this is such an amazing
flash color it's like this completely
new shape is so organ on the kalaiy kit
makes it super easy for you yeah well I
know so like even like with mine because
I have the most stubborn like straight
lashes oh my god right did you start a
channel
mi-jung in there yeah yeah that's really
good reaching my brow bone okay
oh my god it really opened your eye up -
it's awesome
she is already set HIGHlarious
but like Oh everything you can leave the
sponsors to but yes yes oh okay okay
okay you're gonna live right now you're
a little shopping while you're haha
oh you get to go shopping
we're going to lunch and also the
macaroon lottery and these twelve to
kill a little bit of time to be like 30
minutes before reservation all right
Sephora collection bag oh good shit oh
my god this jacket you guys that it has
my name on the sleeve oh this is amazing
all of national time we have a warm
palette and white blocks I'm Colin oh
that's so pretty
anything
today it's Thursday and I'm back now but
we went wake surfing this morning and
just on the boat all day and with
oh don't be that is true
so right now it's almost five o'clock
my parents are golfing my brother my
sister are down the hall in that room
I'm editing and we're getting ready for
dinner soon so I thought I would just
bring you guys along to get ready with
me so this is my outfit it's this little
top my jeans are like can't really show
you there's no full-length mirrors in
this whole entire house and then my I
was going to decide and then my mules
are rag-and-bone I can't see if I like
it though since there's no like weird I
guess see I just don't know if I like
the shirt do my makeup though and then
cry see and the bottom line is not gonna
be great but I want to show you a few
Sephora question products that money is
to get ready and just two things clear
with me okay and it's part of their new
launch and as they're doing about our
one of their beauty ambassadors I want
to show you guys what they are so let's
find a place to set you up so it's just
a little primer on use whatever you have
like one was a little bit of a blow but
especially right now it's like seven
seven twenty and I had dinner at 7:45
and I mean the look little bit so one of
my roots up with any sick foundation
even though this one is super fun
without with stripping about this before
collection what it has when I went to
the like lesson I guess you could call
it I just fell behind the scenes footage
the trainer to list that has kind of
like these oils in it to make it blend
easily so you don't need to spray your
brush before or it's not gonna be stuck
on your face but I always bring my face
anyway I'm just using this little tart
spray and just kinda no I just like
doing it I got it a little easier and
then I'm just going to take a few sides
like this
okay I'm just kind of fun this whole
thing out so I just shared this out to
be a lot more natural but that if you
keep building it you can build it so
high up and it conceals also so very
easy I am just going to contour my face
I feel like with this foundation for
some reason I present me could be spent
before contour it's like it's just it's
not good but it just is so easy so I'm
just going to kind of contour my face
using benefit hoola and then I'm going
to do a little training my highlight and
benefit to this investor Watsa I love it
okay so what I'm going to do is just
curl my butt like your back - Bella next
me we're sisters can't help it but I'm
just gonna sue for your sisters I don't
know why that's good I think you should
just makes me brushing our hair but I am
going to comment lashes with a little
curl and wound up bicep loaded
connection
I'm going to go Anna with my Sephora
collection last crafts big volume with
mascara this scent makes your lashes so
long a block I don't you guys call but
or you did see if you office wall but
Kyra when we were doing it her launch is
literally were touching her eyebrows so
oh oh my god this is the next level
hey fellows my showers but one last
thing just so you can kinda hear me I'm
going to use my power drain source of
the key setting mist and I'm just going
to set my head and then we're going to
go
you
unreal how is it why come out of pen
really good man I wanna buy that so we
just got back from it dinner it was so
much fun and the food is amazing I'm
probably just going to wash my makeup
I'm going to sleep out and finish
editing this vlog so I'm going to end it
here but thank you guys so much for
watching I hope you enjoyed it and I'll
see you my next video bye
