hello and welcome to of my Croatia
medley let's travel vlog I am so excited
going away I can't define the client
quality Network and I found the last and
most important it's about 4:00 in the
morning it took me 2 hours to drive up
here from a former that I can't work I'm
I explore things I'll example Learning
Centre for my grief travel blog to day
I'm off to Croatia to all over again but
this time we're going solo so I don't
know anybody yet maybe on a customer and
I know that this poor girl to New
Zealand and a couple from Australia so
it should be really interesting really
excited by the beauty of meditation is
that lots of zones so there's lots of
people beautiful to meet as is done in
strapless I'm really excited but really
nervous at the same time it's kind of
just hit me in the airport like oh my
god I can't imagine over so I've
actually just treated myself as you do
to a GoPro sign I was wearing my brother
phrases I was using it so much and had
to return it and I need one fish trip
and when I go to Florida
finally walk go prescribe so I'm going
to go salute the depressing breakfast
and then find a nice and quiet spot to
set the GoPro up that's all the boxes in
the tent
kind of an Allegro moment and then what
I'm going to do get on my plane I'm so
excited but equally super nerve as it is
can't believe I'm doing this
yeah I'm really hot powered like ran
through security but yeah right let's go
to Croatia so just pick up myself a bit
and egg sandwich I'm going to flick 45
huh panettone okay here I come
oh my gosh trainable
so to plan death and must accredit the
EB job because it can tell me where my
boat what be collected so and premiere
here life is pretty easy at the streets
like that it has much of the early
Cydonia reality online so yeah let me
spare Taylor GoPro a I didn't need a
boat but if you recommend when we landed
a beautiful scene as though balloon will
align and so exciting so flying
interstate was really nice but I'm going
to get my luggage and I'm going to meet
somebody from Mexico on picking up and
putting me the marina case of the ride
and the marina at my girlhood Emily
who's on another boat in my taxi with an
Asian graduate in the shop as well we've
been in civil shops is like tradition
the met sailors to me get some alcohol
the working coke cut some more than
quite rum and a big bottle of water and
it's easy to see where the most sailors
boats are because there's a massive men
sailors tent and flag just down there
which I'll show you when we get that
I've already seen my old skin towel and
give them big hugs I was super weird and
but yeah I'm excited
I've really mad Francis good start good
father and all the crew like the guest
managers asking really nice as well
we're actually really early we're about
10 o'clock and the boats are my equals
one so there's a little restaurant with
free Wi-Fi and also
young man Poland cheekiness area you can
invest Elise pocket from a mile away
it is so nice in this marina I can't
believe I'm here
this is Adrian Adrian is Jess copper
gardens boyfriend
not to be too confused is my alcohol
Yannick okay and I got water I'm ready
I'm not gonna get really dry I'm going
to have a children okay not going to be
a dissolve here
agents but at 5:30 this morning 656 is
this party is fun you're not you're not
yeah
so we're just having a little catch-up
in the marina really nice they're really
really nice so killing time basically
Emily and I have just had a pizza and
I'm going to go and show you the boat so
we're going to about to check in it but
one o'clock only both them as they've
got down here oh look the view Wow so
now I'm about it I don't know where it
is
here are some of the others I'm going to
look for my so we went to look at the
boat that staying on apparently there is
something wrong with it
some sort mechanical problem so they've
had to do a last-minute change and have
a new boat coming but it won't be ready
till this afternoon like make-believing
six o'clock so myself and all the people
that are saying one thing boat we're
going on the lead boat to move from here
to the first island and then I will show
you it an unpacked later which has
thrown me off a little bit alive because
I like to get unpacked and settled in
you know like when you come to a hotel
room and you unpack your things I'll I
do anyway
that's okay we'd rather have a boat that
works and others want to get sail in now
and I'm still in my travel stuff so I'm
in my leggings and top and black
leggings was such a real arrow
honey get change party is basically the
start of organizing people onto the boat
or on the lead boat now and we are set
to sail soon the met sailors in a
skipper sailing holiday so we have met
off get these names Brunel introduce you
to them when the time is right and you
can either hire a whole boat with all
your friends to yourselves use about
eight of you or you can come solo or in
a couple or so off the I'm on my own
we have a couple to actually fellow
youtubers there called flying the nest
energy running them below and then we
have four girls from New Zealand so I'm
still learning the names that are super
nice I'm the baby of the bunch a little
bit older than me but I think we have a
really chilled knife we can talk to it
and there are licensed right by my
window
kiss my chest dry in the morning
like a warning Curtis let's hear for
time and it's going to out fluently but
I have had a lovely half an hour nap
really needed out so quiet
and now we're coming into a lil Bay or
Milnes which is our first lot and it's
be a fishing a fishing port
Oh
finally arrived a warning it is quarter
past eight on Sunday and yesterday was a
bit of a nightmare it's accessible there
was a massive storm coming in that we've
had overnight and it's still kind of
happening it's a windy outside but this
kind of threw everybody off course
because we didn't do kind of the
welcoming open party things reenact
forgotten me the other girls and Steven
then you see as you know a boat had some
sort of mechanical technical engine
issue of some description and this was
going on a catamaran three different
types of boats here there's a premium
boat premium class and a captain manner
because we have a catamaran it was quite
a niche but I guess if not those of
these ones they have to have another one
sent to our Bay the original becoming
about six o'clock and it didn't end up
coming into the liner until about
midnight because of a storm as well must
have been so hard to sail the boat here
I have only had like three or four hours
sleep on and off we missed all my
luggage settled into our cabins is a lot
more spacious than Greece last year I
really really bring me wind a little
boat on I'll show you around okay so
it's very windy so I'll do my best to
shake wraps and I have so good music Oh
something for the good
this is the top area it's so windy
though do you want to say good morning
good morning
I've come down here I don't know where
the girls are
this is the front cabin I don't have a
clue early on open up the toilet on
Marian hands quite handy
that's what owls and toilets in Boone is
mine to run I actually slept really well
I'll just set the sheet I've got an area
here for some weddings towels and
blankets embarrass show you this
cupboard here here
so these are my things
I've got like clothes in these cubby
holes that's my toiletries I need to
move to the bathroom and I was fitted my
suitcase in here along with some other
bits and bobs - so nothing absolutely
beautiful is really nice and net bit at
the top so we can lie down in the Sun
and read a book and some days later
today which would be nice this was the
restaurant we ate in last night Mabika
and it was really nice Mitchell seafood
just come for a walk and as a neck of a
tree down here that's pantry little
church hey I'm gonna enjoy that
breakfast so good we actually still have
coffee so this is ideal and bring it and
up the good morning setting up to fly
let me go have a look oh it's not worth
it oh they're amazing
now we're complement Taylor's oh wow
look at the fish okay
Oh God
you make sure their line is on top yeah
removable under thunder and on top
that's a body okay the mold so the Lord
Janos okay and it's easy to do as well
just broke here okay I'm not going to
remember that no to break is easy
no no hold on okay yeah okay okay that's
it
hey open my back yeah is it easy come
out at richer thank you
we've used the toilet here they were so
nice in the marina because the toilet on
board here when you use a loo on a yacht
me show you you have to like a hole to
get the water to flush it's a bit weird
that this is such a nice bone this is
such a nice bathroom and just filling
out my stuff like this is how much I've
accumulated I don't know why I put so
many things but we're finally heading
off I'm very excited we've been given
our fan so these are like crew bounds
and well if they crew on little crew
2017 and they also given us little
canvas bags that they ahoy mate and
inside the competition to win a whole
day for - some earplugs not only that
I'm quite a deep sleeper and there's
also a map so I would show you it on my
bed okay
started in split and obviously look how
close it is to the airport and then
because of the winds we didn't go to a
soldier so instead of Salta when milna
Bay and we're now going down - are we
going to business
hola pretty nice
what is whispering over there is John
sighs okay oh we going to business
father you asked for it we're we're
doing that rich guys huh doctor not on
the map Oh threw me off it's not on the
map
he's on the month nine have you change
the gear we completely sure that we're
gonna try to keep it all involved Tabar
program okay so with the next roaster
Gasca okay Josh Condon are on their ball
okay got it
thank you Rose rose okay bell rings OH
I know we're definitely going to make it
to her bar which is where the wine
Torres and this is quite a party place a
call we're definitely doing as well this
is amazing look at that wage and the
couple here they're a youtuber Stephen
and eject they're going to pay for
drones so they're going to get some
major shot sir
obviously this doesn't match up to what
we're doing at the moment because of the
wind
sailing speak this is so interesting the
currency is Gration keuner here which I
didn't know until I came out here they
take new zeros and they also have their
own language Croatian which I don't know
any Croatian so that also threw me off
so this is how much from the transfers
and excursions us if you are budgeting I
actually have about 2,500 Kuna with me
so I've budgeted about 300 pounds the
week to do all the extras my alcohol and
our evening meals breakfast and lunch is
included and we have water on board as
well actually the water tastes
so I bought some water but I'm just
going to be filling this up drinking it
I just can't
I came just as the music on give a
little bit of a distraction something
feeling a little bit like about Julie
are many packages who come with me I'll
not be the ass yes we'll get away Philip
later we don't know
Hey oh love election we can bake gonna
that shirts off
take my hand looking good yeah you're
going to get some joints oh my god this
is insane you've got like you put the
drain in the bar you're going to
replenish or oh my god okay I got it
cleeshay
I'll go
we can jumping in the sea thanks for
surfacing thing and it's such a nice day
super chilled and where we're staying
tonight is actually very similar to this
so we're not going to be more enough at
a marina it's a nice little Bay and
we're going to use the dinghy to get
four dinging dingy dingy to get to the
mainland and where there's one
restaurant
haha
Wow so Percy bidding at the restaurant
night okay look how clear the water is
called nervo
Luka heresy beauty classic bacon tips
tonight with a mushroom floor brunette
for the same what have you got
compromises and no
we could pursue it is amazing amazing
thank you very much this dinner was so
nice and I don't even realize that they
cooked it on a fire apparently we've
started about midday and then it's a
burning for the evenings they can cook
the meat but the chips are so good I've
never had chips I can they just don't do
the same in the UK and the mushroom
sauce with cream sauce is really nice
too but really solid they're very dry I
Sunbird them I think some of them I
burned them a bit sunburned and but
increased I guess a little bit chilly in
the United States I think I'm going to
put on a little cardigan by growing a
little clay suit
I am reviving and I love making today's
I have a little bit
so I'm going to say hey we are going to
a little bar because out hello my
husband
hello again between the world
this morning it is about 8 o'clock last
night we went to a bar and we have some
drink and we socialize all the other
medical evokes really good fun today
we're off to a good place and have a
coffee and have our breakfast and we
have knees ly with your gun fruits most
mornings but we also have had some bread
which we toasted this morning Bruno's
made some boiled eggs too so it's kind
of like a mixture of everything for
breakfast yeah my med cell is krutov
today so I have this one last year
it says crew on the back that's like
they'll have to shoot you I can you see
that probably not and this is my view
which is insane this is so comfortable
this netting stuff
we've just arrived this lips bag look at
absolutely
the water the mazing
the water I was saying again how are you
I love lemon juice yourself I am even
okay with my new wife Jeff doesn't it me
why are you saying that yeah I think
someone else worked for me like the
husband yeah yeah and we're on the yacht
with you for the next week yeah yeah
yeah I will link these guys below you're
going to suggest how she's feeling
are you doing honey
hey Jeff other half line the net another
place stop yeah have you seen how clear
the water oh yeah it's so nice
definitely good for our GoPro shot we're
going to a submarine cave is that right
a submarine submarine
Wow
a lot of water and a quarter
brenigan I penetrate ice ice local
authorities and I hope oh my god he's a
bonding enough
I'm going after we got the salad are we
really going on exploring America Bruno
just left us in this submarine hey papa
he's a bit weird he says
oh no I have in mind from being on it hi
Bree nice
Oh
along and I woke up late again
hi
we completed the soldier was need a
sentry
ah
Oh
get my salon that is accessible in the
area which is really annoying the caucus
is way
right if I had to deny having off my
face between two for us I'm going to do
the very basic you've got Chuck this
rope two guys on the shore right in
there and we're going on a tour on a
jeep and it's going money I don't have
walks as well so sure you would yeah
this looks so pretty
you love it so we're here for the night
off on a little tour I'm going to take
you along so this is the tour it's
called a military tool it usually says
no BS holidays that takes three hours
I'm looking for track this is the
furthest inhabitant island in Croatia it
has a population around three and a half
thousand people because of its
geographic location visas throughout
history have been a real important
strategic points I guys the back of the
G Jonathan I owe me
this is Emily Mike say hello to my video
hey this is regard to something many
others are in that one up there I'm one
behind okay so this poor George is a
British port built in 19th century
during Napoleon or you can see the
inscription above to George the third
the famous machine also continuing
inject oh wow oh my goodness can you
imagine having a wedding here
in folding we can notice how this was
until the end there should have been
another layer of concrete but again they
never actually managed to do to finish
it defensive position there was a
soldier here with a rifle at all time
nightly that you will run again I'm
gonna head don't engage oh do you know
what I think my I think acceptance
okay so this is the rush of out tonight
so eight days I know hang on and family
yeah what is it
very good this is where what you think
which also get to recommend it to us and
I'm going to have a photo op see why not
tonight I'm going to have fun wow this
looks amazing yeah routed oh my gosh
well I look at someone and I don't
really know why but we had a really nice
man
jazz did you enjoy your meal no it was
delicious it was your sound run spicy
yeah did you enjoy your mouth oh look at
these bows up good night morning it is
7:00 a.m. when I am like a baby
I had my blanket last night it's still
off to a place called stari grad that is
where we're going to be doing wine
tastings I'm really looking forward to
that beautiful day it looks at all Karma
we've had a couple of like stormy days
it's been a little choppy little bit
windier looks like the weather's going
to be a bit nicer to sail and Swimming's
afternoon looking for that look at this
beautiful little town then so now when
we have you can clearly see while mad
sailors boats are I love her hair really
really pretty
I call this lovely fresh fruit and veg
good morning
also I thought it's worth noting that in
some marinas we get electricity last
night we had our wires attached to his
boxes which means that we can have
electricity and plug uncharged are
things but in some places especially if
we more often like a bay that doesn't
have the electric boxes then we can't
have challenge
there are plugs or mental you can't
charge things again okay Oh God it
serves me every time okay okay Quint or
rock I can put the roots on it let me
get in so this morning having some the
back of the boat replying to my comments
and Instagram and you guys have been so
nice to me because I've been feeling a
little self-conscious in my body way and
when I get home I'm gonna work on this
the gym and getting photography now
wholly swim and with it look at the road
oh my gosh that looks so nice
I want a wet pasta as well and then we
have some word since it's going to be
lunch today
good morning guys morning I go today
again how are you Paul it's gone so far
isn't it yes what's more than halfway
that I'm so sorry Z right a little
before kiss tonight though ya know what
we're doing tonight I don't think I have
you go ahead saying off me
what's meal I wanted lifted speech I
think we're also going to be doing a
wine painfully yes I saw C choices no
one else oh yeah photogenic part of the
trip yeah I'm really looking forward to
see yeah we get dinner and wine tasting
a thing she'll be nice coming to the
name of the body close
oh yeah no sorry grrah yeah we never get
the names right here do i I would wait
for lunch
it looks like brune's doing stuff
classes and it smells so good
this is a little baby we're leaving how
nice I think I found my sea legs meaning
that I'm not feeling too seasick like
I've never been seasick in my life have
grown up I receive a super fortunate and
spend time on boats in the summers and
we have a boat so I'm quite familiar
with the feeling of rocking the boat and
I think it's largely identical sick ones
I've never felt in my life and as of you
might know she's one of most read my
blog I have massive aerial deck like
absolutely some shit and on the first
day myself so poorly but I text my
brother and he was like you'll get your
three legs you'll get like used to it
all the girls are the son of the boat
train and combat seasickness but I still
much work and pretty fine now so we were
meant to eat lunch in that bag winds
picked up that all the men silicosis
taking their anchors up and we start to
move these skippers are so experienced
and they know the sea and they're both
so well they are all qualified and they
will do two weeks training with members
as well so like I have like so much
transformation Brunner skipper like
she's very very good I'm really really
enjoying myself
normally one day for like Jasmin's even
said it's like going so quickly
I've been feeling too small
but I can't go spend my corn for sure
they're gonna be must be dumb like that
no let's stop now I'm gonna skip my
break
you're gonna make me stay I just wanna
feel about okay we've just arrived in
sorry - crap yeah with an arm and he was
just not going to go and walk around and
get on my screen sorry she stopped me to
our t-shirt I'll get on the table okay
okay okay we're gonna get ice cream and
do some filming and pickies is very cute
hair like looks very traditional
I'm obsessed definitely
yeah hunt them hi oh I like them all the
Facebook page Facebook what will look
get in a picture oh yeah lavender no
it's gorgeous call them as well as
though excuse the noise in the
background music playing
but I got a t-shirt which is so cute so
somebody might notice I've been wearing
my other ones I don't know well it is it
man oh here here this is my old one my
last year's one and it says crew on the
back when I come I love it this one says
ahoy mate my 2017 one and it also says
crew on the back like this met sailors
logo I really like it
and Justin Steven I've got theirs and I
think the other girls are going to get
from as well I've got this grey and I
also have this in white too it is now
about five o'clock getting ready for
dinner
and then we're going to the little farm
and we're having dinner there and we're
doing wine tasting and it's a really
pretty so I'm really excited I'm going
to sort my have set up - along with my
life salon and I feel
whenever I'm off to find me son a
flavour of memories what is it honey
I mean you are now in a really special
place for the local because this car
exactly I started adding so we're here
to vote from the sound where your local
job I started up may be protected by
UNESCO and what are you you can actually
see the reason why were there so it will
just repeat some moves over there I mean
the walls have been built by ancient
Greek and that happens for centuries
before Christ and actually everything
you tried to date on our form is a
project from struggling our policies
don't buy anything and that's because we
don't have to we make everything we make
the olive oil the bread we make the one
you're gonna try we even have our own
anymore that the vegetables so
everything it dries out brother
so I hope you're gonna like it
showing that they're okay the sideline
is Oh Commissioner good do you like my
wine on this bond they have all that own
the animals makes very good wine
hello
don't nobody of red wine wanna go it is
really nice I really wish I could take
them back educating so Becky didn't love
it
costing us Wow listen so we finished
dinner and it was absolutely brilliant
it was nice and social as well as hang
out with another boat that I have made
pals with and then we got back on the
bus so this is an effeminate bus
kind of really nice and high and I now
back of the boat there am and I raise a
kind of bad so I will see to are
learning from Stalingrad
it is about 8:00 a.m. I'm going to going
to get smoothie because there's a lady
there make them up last night and they
had a little little shop that I just
forgot child to yesterday given all I
mean there's a lot were quite willing to
give the classic sorry banana banana is
so hard my thumb in a minute I got a
smoothie and I spent about 15 minutes
talking to the girl there she spoke
amazing English just telling me about
her family and how long she's been here
we've just arrived in a bowl which is a
really beautiful little strip over here
and the sea is so blue like little bear
you can see the bottom but we're going
to go we're going to take a little dingy
and go from land and because these
waterfalls over there so you can do jet
skiing paragliding you can be towed
behind a bow on location inflatables and
it's really good fun so yeah I'm going
to go over just out see if there's
anything to do and I'm going in the sea
and swimming it's so nice
disguises on you gotta get it applause
ready
I didn't like it on we're going to do
this one yeah how about one all right no
you're on that Oh
Emily and be excited we're going
parasailing which I've never done before
so we're going to do
please listen
ah thank you
so I just thought a cover of hours
socializing on Emily's boat and we have
had two I'm going to try and film it but
we've had to use a boat get us across
look how pretty this area as though
there's somebody's birthday on the
Brazilian boat we have perfectly and we
have to use that little thingie the
lipstick for some food oh my gosh it
doesn't raise you justice on camera this
is so pretty I love it
so easy in a cute little plane that is
making a table for us in here just so
sweet that is what you call a pizza like
this a feud that's what the restaurant
is called preferring the c-terminus I'm
just cutting play little cabin I don't
know the time is I was very helpful
twelve o'clock too late and I just had
such a great evening with another boat
well you guys know by now I think I've
met this girl Emily cut along to ensure
she was the taxi on the way to the
airport with me she's also soloed the
only other solo travelers of the English
so we like me literally got and say well
I was going to go back licked we clicked
I really really like coming up are going
to ever see paragliding parasailing
including prank learning and I went on
how about today give us a bit charge
class Airport bathroom we don't have
power because we're in like a what you
saw it looks like when their power of
asleep I wasn't suppose that I
associated with all the people have both
okay and a stone knives are so fun yeah
we hung on we didn't go to dinner until
quite late when you finished dinner
about 10 what and the camera got on the
ice cream and then we got on the boat
came back we played you know and then we
played the game where everyone is sat
around and you each say a word and it
creates a story which is really funny
like I know it doesn't sound it but like
times like now is how I define med
sailor plane is our final night tomorrow
is gone so quickly really really quickly
actually I'm looking forward to going
home and seeing Venky just wish I could
live in a little trouble bubble and just
meet people and hang out metal a system
is or something I've ever done it's very
very different like I think I need to
talk about this more one and time but it
feels this trip feels very different but
equally good gets bad I will see
tomorrow for our last full day and night
then try does it work I mean is that
anything after I'm waking up and
moving like hawks anything that
almost goodness
Wow lots of you to make up to give
morning Stan give Howie yeah oh my god
I'm saying I'm going to get Michael to
come back okay
okay I got to spend all which lies in it
leaving a book between 5:00 and 9:00 and
we now or whenever something in a little
beige break when of course forward so
bad smells like black thing
good brunette makes the most amazing
tuna salad eating cucumber and sweet I'm
thinking we've arrived in hvar because
of the boat or moored up next to each
other about the last ones on the end
Emily and I are off to loo because it's
much nicer going on land right and then
we're going to going to get some trick
like mixers for our drink place huh the
boys on Emily but I've already got some
ice which is good we are very prepared
for a good night out we've had it's good
so praline is a little bar called
hula-hula which is good to watch the
sunset usually well the cricket is that
cricket uh-huh quite possibly they're
very loud we're going to go for burgers
tonight we're just going to have a bit
of a blowout for our last notes and fun
yes yeah we're also going to go down to
the little beach so - bit sunbathing
calling me some more Sun cream and I'm
wearing my crew top out she says we'll
just say ahoy mate you've got yours on
to do twinning
that's what we're up to this is the
little beach area which is super cute so
we are going to go for a dip in the sea
it is five o'clock and we're just having
free drinks I am dressed and ready I'm
just going to sort my hat and little bit
so just go out the shower but I'm
wearing these cute little shorts I've
got palm trees on them from Zara a
little pry marks top but tonight I'm
jumping over to another boat and it's
nothing against my go it's just I'm
going on quite well with any other
guests
I think being solo definitely one of the
advantages is that you can like mingle I
don't know I think and when you come
with power you end up
getting quite close to just your boat
not really expanding the horizons in San
Jose lingering I guess and I get on
really well the cock with Emily as you
know and so I like to spend as much time
as I can with her so when I'm eating and
drinking with her boat tonight she has a
great gray boat of great people and fun
animal on Instagram women taking
pitching staff is really science one of
the boys on the other boat has made a
Mohito like punch bowl thing so we're
going to be drinking for that I'm Tom
this is one like happy puppies you know
I have to be like your mother's breast
coffee flows out of myself I come on all
welcome jazz and I am happy to remain
hahaha this is so pretty here oh my gosh
I love it yeah well we've come to this
little place it's literally a burger and
steak house and they're going to get the
big table for 11 of us since the
restaurant
and I'm going 40 Mozza burger which is
sometimes six tuna
my bag I guess she beach it mom we found
that hula hula
so this is it this seems like busy oh my
god how cool oh my god
we expect you read so I like this this
is the same
Wow Wow
the bar at night is so pretty any line
for matching to you ankle bracelet I
love them
this is easily ice cream this has nice
cookies I'll have a cookie please yes I
want a friend
good morning in treatment tailored style
I lost my voice yeah I lost my voice
that
I did it last
I had fun
my wife not to the sea
get used to this
and I guess I'm going to a doubling
leader coffee
we've had our brunch we have egg on
toast and reenable of course which was
very nice
and I'm about to finish my book I'm very
excited I'm sure that it won't be
finished and we're just doing our last
like little jumps in the sea and
enjoying it as it lasts awesome I can
grow like none of the fat I look so bad
I'm just in my cabin that get into sub
light down here
I packed up my suitcase and that my room
and we're about an hour away from split
which means we're back to the beginning
and I'm going to get Bruno a tip on
schedule say thank you for week to say
goodbye to the girls say goodbye to the
other blows and blows the other skippers
and then I'll be making my way to trip
gay chick I just I've come nor shall
search again maybe I think which is why
I'm staying overnight because there's no
flight Buffalo's London tonight from
slit so I'm going in the morning instead
so this is what I boat looks like and
we're now saying our goodbyes we've got
our luggage that's it that's a ramp it
is boiling him sweating so I'm going to
put the camera away
thank you my trophy party just thought
I'd show you all the boats lined up for
the last time so this is exactly what it
would look like in split if my face and
hair does not tell you how sweaty I feel
and how hot it is outside then I do the
Warriors I am now in my apartment I
thought I'd have a little hotel room for
the night but I appeared to have a whole
problem for myself which feels very
luxurious in comparison to a triangle
calving for the week so I thought I'd
show you around staying in a place
called palace that see me all i think
i'll link it or i should play for you so
there's a reception and stuff out there
and this is the front door you come in
and I've got this whole apartment area
so I'll give you a little - I haven't
actually like properly look around
myself it's very clean very nice I've
got this huge sofa at the TV and I have
my own private door that goes onto the
alley I'm going to go outside and go for
a walk in a minute you just enable a
complete kitchen which is going to be so
nice because I think I might make myself
a drink the fast room ah can have
really nice long shower later look at me
that drone looks like they're super cute
I've got a nice double bed and I have a
sofa huge wardrobes not like I've been
eating or using any of this really so
it's been about an hour and I'm going to
go for a stroll I can't show you this is
the door this is the courtyard that my
apartments in and then with a couple we
like cobbled all that it's so pretty
Wow some people at the top down
wondering if I can go up there it just
comes with little square and it's so
pretty
all the cobbled streets are like lanes
it kind of feels a bit like Brighton
lanes but Croatian soil let me have a
little look at all no not the striper
say I want to get up there have a look
2005 - I just climbed over stairs I know
that's probably really more one up here
I'm in a bell tower and pressure like
this is crazy
I can see I've burnt my no viruses ah ah
ah how beautiful I have a really nice
spot on my face here and I'm bit burned
and I haven't had shower yet so I've
been working away on my videos so I've
been doing some work which has been
really nice then like so what happening
some work so anyway I'm now going to go
back into town living back and hello
chat the man that owns the place he gave
me a glass of wine which is really sweet
and I'm going to go after in and get
twice Pete's or something and then come
back and go to bed
gonna have a shower and go to bed good
morning I'm in the airport
he was so funny if I don't hold out the
apartment saying at you runs in there he
also drove me to the anaphor and here's
a summer taxi driver which I found
really funny jokes we had very security
sign it's helped us 8/10 severely and
just have tiny so that effect of course
one last night were chasing languages is
like one kind National Train attack
someone tiny chakra and that's pretty
much it like the school just waiting for
the day yeah what better welcome home
then with the Great British weather a
worn out this is Randy rain look at this
I have to drive home in this is oh it's
so heavy why hello it is now Sunday and
I'm obviously home and I'm staying at
Benji's because he has a pulley knee I
talk about it in my weekly vlogs if you
don't already please subscribe to my
channel and watch my weekly blogs up
with them every Monday at 6 o'clock
anyway I'm an interesting this vlog all
day and yesterday I talked for 30
minutes my drive home and on my trip and
pros and cons and highlights and all
that kind of fun stuff but it went off
for so long in this vid is already over
an hour long so whatever it is I'm going
to actually goes for questions for QA
I'm going to ask them on my Instagram I
think we're going to follow me on there
and then maybe in about a week's time
once everyone's had a little watch this
video I'm going to do a QA and talk
about all the in-depth kind of things
but overall had an absolutely amazing
time I am so data to be back already
some raining ham UK's the first of like
some time has come on but yeah I had a
really great experience and I just
wanted to end the vlog by saying a huge
thank you dreamer sailors for having me
back once again on a trip of a lifetime
it want to see a great great holiday and
I can't wait to hope you do another in
future I'm going to be doing a blog post
that might really be up cuz I'm going to
work on it this week so I'll link that
below and it is which will have again
more details in depth about like the
trip itself whether how much money I
budgeted the islands we went to and all
the excursions like all those kind of
things I'm going to talk about more in a
blog post but I will do that Q&A because
I
had already load questions on my
Instagram before I end this vlog I just
want to say a huge thank you to all the
girls and Steven on my boat for making
it an amazing experience to my skipper
Bruno who was absolutely brilliant we
have a really great time to be lead
skipper
all the other skippers the guest manager
Laura and the other Laura who looked
after me and made sure that I was okay
you guys are so welcoming and lovely and
it would have been the same without you
so thank you to you guys as well thank
you to Emily for making my experience
even better than I could have asked for
because Emily you're one cool girl and I
hope to see you in Brighton so all of
Emily's boat as well it was so welcoming
and having me in there every evening
when we play games I made dinner with
them and stuff they were so nice so glad
you're watching big love to you safe
travels and hopefully see you on the
other side in oz one day and to you guys
watching this thank you so much for
supporting me and making trips like this
possible because without you I wouldn't
be able to do these amazing things and
on Instagram we've got tons of pictures
off in the moment
Twitter and be sure to subscribe to my
channel and also check out that blog
post as well those of other pictures
from the trip so I will see you again
very soon thanks for watching
