good morning guys welcome to the first
like proper vlog from our la trip not
are you falling asleep is our first not
one that I'm fully free pulmonary is
offer proper day here
Mike and I are walking to get record we
were going to go hiking this morning
guys and look at the poor visibility
look great I mean of you know gray and
why so apparently the sun's going to be
coming out this afternoon so we might
change our plan my kid just got dressed
normally so he doesn't feel like a fool
ie because I'm in gym gear and ready to
go hiking and we're not going to go
hiking because we'll get up there and
they'll be no views and we rubbish the
moment up goes afternoon have a little
moment this morning we're going just
around the corner from our hotel to a
place called I think it's called the
larder and when we will find out we do
out meal I promised the oatmeal or
porridge I knock you English on
schooling you always thank the egg once
again I'm trying to convince Mike to try
my green juice yes please I have a set
my feet look like water clean should
look like
that was like this irrelevant soon
get four years generally not the veggies
around believe I like my vegetables
ambition not the mission continue now to
stop your strong with you
you've got crazy bit of hair and then I
was going on that mean I meant about
this before I started eating it and it
looked like Messi's lava oatmeal like it
was really happening now so I mix it all
together like wasn't berries green juice
might not really that make it looks
insane and poached eggs
which is topped in Trader Joe's on the
way past as we saw her and miss this one
like mayonnaise with this chip and in
and out 30 mayonnaise or so the only
size they have this is this one to put
it into perspective is when you think
might can go in with that size
mayonnaise I'm not so sure
so the hiking was abandoned I can't
remember five pounds the sun's coming
out the Sun is now coming out okay so
basically what happened this morning was
we were meant to be going hiking at like
9:00 because the weather forecast said
that someone's income online it didn't
it just starting to come out now and
it's 11
so what we did was we went back and got
ready to go out and then we're now going
to four because I want to do a real-time
for a whole lemon here we're going to
the Beverly Hills before because it's as
far as I know like the biggest one in LA
it's my favorite one anyway we're going
to don't go do that and I'm going to go
hiking this afternoon
like after lunch probably what I'll
punch in other words make you hot
because planning the weather is much
better so not going to meet yeah that's
what's going down and I want to show you
guys my outfits also really like my
awesome thing we're just doing a bit of
a window shopping and they're playing on
Rodeo Drive ain't no mountain high love
out speakers along the street I mean
that is great I'm going to sell out so
today we hold oh how kind of a goal like
my thing next so this is my new ride
guys yes go website no no the day
wearing or what Levi is and just on
playing white preacher Topshop roughly
skirt which is way shorter the back so
keep em shut down my customer
and only read through packs
mike tells me apparently i can't spray
my many that color he doesn't approve I
think we should go for a sunset hike
because you know what it's actually got
really hot and sunny now I don't think
we can go this afternoon the things will
go and suck and cold you were just
thinking every we somehow found
ourselves in the kids Department of
Barneys look at this power unicorn ah
Mike is desperate rightfully Lou
I've just been her birthday you very
naughty I want one so you have comes in
an hour for lunch because I'm with Mike
and that's how I roll along with my life
so we've ended up going to use me
without without having a done amount
because you always have we haven't been
here for a year I had one awesome anyway
so we're now we've ended up in the queue
for the drive-thru we didn't necessarily
want to do a drive-thru but we couldn't
find anywhere to park and we ended up
getting in the queue to the drive-thru
thinking that it was a car park but
doing a drive-thru candle and now this
is something I've never seen before they
give you a map for your lap so you don't
get animal cell juice all over you just
kind of a good idea now this is the
torturous part of the bike because I
have all the food on my lap and he has
to drive and find somewhere to eat it
where we can park up all over ha ha I'm
going to eat my fries are still too hot
to hike in my opinion so come up to
viewpoint on Mulholland Drive and this
is the few pretty awesome you can see
all the way around like the whole of La
that the coolest house in the world that
with an infinity pool there how awesome
would that be and then you turn around
here and there's a Hollywood sign up
there and libris Observatory is over
there is a pretty awesome I've never
been up to this point before you can see
loads
7:00 a.m. in LA guys and we're on the
road we took our rising maturity on the
bases it's like yeah I mean it's
probably enough near summit afternoon so
that I learn that Mike is it was like I
don't get jet lag
I don't get jet lag my alarm went off at
5:30 this morning and like 10 minutes
later you were like been awake I was
like definitely a little bit jet like at
home you would not really like that oh
no no but at the same time it's good you
know with stuff going on this weekend
got to get a selfie fine chained to the
dragon I was like this weekend event
next weekend we don't know me to jail I
will get home because we have run before
like how many days are doing it back
three days after we get back which bit
of an update for you guys on run for it
in a week and a half so if you guys want
to donate please do I'll put a link
below because we're doing a cocktail
here an awesome charity to basically try
and educate young women on how to check
their breasts so that they don't develop
breast cancer early and it goes on
treated which is really common when
younger people get breast cancer because
either they're not checking or they are
too embarrassed to go and see the doctor
or they don't know where to go well they
just kind of ignore it thinking there's
nothing wrong anyway copperfield awesome
saving live and so we are doing a half
marathon for them however I've got shin
splints
and I'm not going to be able to run it
and I'm so glad about this it's like my
own event like we organize this and like
with the girls from coppaFeel and I'm
absolutely gutted because during the
training process I will get the point
where it gets like five or six miles and
then get really bad incidents have to
take a few weeks off and then start
again so I've been doing that on repeat
like three or four times and it's just
not getting any better so I'm not
picking up to run it basically and I
have tent length okay and then also add
insult to injury I make training
convincing speeds up pull my car
I still have hope that you're sewing
about sonic biking that is nothing more
than I kind of doing some strengthening
on it and it's a little sore this
morning but I'm hopeful I can get it
with lately I've got a couple of video
sessions from her back she's going to
tape me up and we'll hope like this
knock it out and do it that way me well
like in a bad way but well in American
might refer to Berlin if anybody knows
your local she's doing the Berlin
Marathon in summer
so anyway I'm currently trying to devise
a way still run it and it may involve a
bike it may involve walking it may
involve both I still don't know but any
of your support that you can give
because there's about 30 other people
running it with me or running it because
I'm not going to running it and I hope
you'll have like as much as a bicycle
would like it getting water on it yeah I
think close with music and water
I think this have a boat with a basket I
don't have water and snacks
no I have licensed Italy so if I get
like five miles and I be like yeah I can
so I can like stalk everyone on my bike
anyway there's our last chat we like
three minutes worth chat we're going to
VidCon we're going to VidCon late
because we didn't want to go yesterday
we just want to hang out in LA
we only got here so off we trial we're
in the backseat our VidCon and just on
my first panel and waiting I had like an
owl necklace and they have games on the
table they like is teaching me how to
play Bastion
I use the new here I used to know how to
play up to it like I remember I mean it
looks complicated to me but it will you
explain we need to remove all these
arrests you need to separately read me
what help me
I know someone's really digging it up
you put in here where you put your
stripes okay and then if you've got a
kid you mark it red
how do I know if I got it because I felt
alright okay okay let's play I'm gonna
win I'm not doing very well guys I don't
think my tactics of my shit placement at
work if you want to know what a smug
face of my and local spaceship in one
point let me feel we bought us water
hahaha I didn't have one white
mug fate guys I'm in the worst lager in
the world I basically have a vlog all
day
we're now at dinner and then Mike wanted
to say
are you actually kidding me I ordered a
sort of I think I'd like a room biggest
in everything realize I mean I'm glad I
didn't I'm a big one in contrast I got a
kale salad feeling very very healthy
there was come on like a late night
search for ice cream we've ended up
coming to the closest place which was
Joe's Italian height I've never heard
about this place before let's bring you
a look at my ice cream regular eating
the top I got um frozen ice and
tangerines label with like soft-serve
right now you so we've escaped VidCon
this morning guides a Saturday morning
and we've come to Newport Beach which I
haven't been here for 10 years
rather they have not nervous between
their would come to breakfast and have a
little movie and it's really cute very
popular I mean this is just a row of
cars but it sort of run yeah yeah so
we've come to brunch I make storytelling
and I just want to show you the
condiment situation because they're so
great
I mean all of the hot sauces all of them
except Frank but you know I'm willing to
together yeah yeah look at this burrito
guys but I'm actually a little bit
jealous it's kind of pull it over like
y'all have a good I thought you're
coming out
that's a bagel under there somewhere
yeah so giving you the other half the
bacon on our way my recent read with
parsley UNMIK me one time and I just
changed my shoes back into yesterday's
shoes and they're so uncomfortable so
wow that's like crazy
we've just finished moneta with hearty
anarchy very fun and we've checked out
VidCon and we're now heading Santa
Monica so what I'm really going which
anybody doesn't know why we say send
someone they could let us out and I
would say it and which is sad like that
anyway so we're going Santa Monica for a
couple of nights before we head home
we're actually staying in a hotel which
shutters on the beach which I've always
wanted to stay in and we've never stayed
there for quite fancy I thought it would
be quite nice to have a little prevent
they treat me from what really happened
and stay there for the rest of the
weekend which I'm excited about so we're
heading there tonight and then we're
going out for a romantic meal together
oh and then we're actually hanging out
with some of the guys from my management
team who wholesome tomorrow and then
hopefully we're seeing the key and down
and party and James long music oh I'm
literally be tomorrow yes tomorrow night
and day we're hanging out with the James
Bond go and then tomorrow night working
on Ruby and then Monday we're seeing
Nicki and Dan and Tati and James
basically seeing all of our favorite
not two days to chill out you talk about
it in socializing but otherwise it'd be
hanging out on the beach and this one
that doesn't have like the beach
nostrils or socializing setting we've
got about an hour's drive now so let's
get some - I'm looking kind of crazy
right now because I have a crazy
blue-black blown face mask on and I've
actually missed the day of logging so
the last time you guys saw us we are on
our way to shutters in Santa Monica
which is where we are now when we
arrived I was so tired from VidCon I
basically like slept for 12 hours like
we got room service and we slept from
like eight till eight and it was great
and then yesterday Mike and I just hung
out and I didn't really vlog just
because I know I felt like chilling out
together and not vlogging so today is
our last day we're actually heading home
tonight we have Rousseau's breakfast on
the way and then we're heading out to
meet Nicky and Dan and I think also
seeing tarty and James today as well so
I fun with your little room tour
actually it's kind of a bit of a mess in
here because we've already slept in the
bed and everything we're just packing up
our stuff ready to go but it's the
cutest room I love the style of this
hotel it's like very kind of like old
American kind of vibe the bed is so
comfortable as well it's unbelievable
this is my excited and we like currently
packing up all our suitcases and all
that jazz so nice little armchair and
then we have a balcony but we don't
really have a view so our view is like
this is the pool area then we have like
a stairway which is a shame but you have
to pay so much money if you want to get
one of those rooms that looks over the
sea you have to get like yeah a bit of
standee and then in here you decent
right so as I was saying we have a
filter window which goes into the bottom
which is super cute and I actually had a
bath in this ginormous bath which is
full of our dirty towels because we're
getting ready to check out last night
and I filled it I got yours I thought it
was mine sorry I'll bring it to you
drinking Mike's tea but yeah and I put
those - way too many bubbles women turn
the Jets on and it literally went above
the
the boss and I had to turn them off and
the shower the toilets in there there's
the sink and then you come back to your
heads like a little water which I
haven't even opened and our breakfast
has just arrived
here's your tea sir because that might
be we'll just do a tea swap what we got
going on here you got eight containers
and so some bagels I got some papaya
that's exactly my Vega a lot of green to
you I got a green juice and this little
Canadian JSON has a very good movie why
yes sir I can we're just checking out so
I thought I would show you my outfit
before we leave Sameera is here I'm
wearing my revolved maxi dress I've
actually worn loads I think it's like my
favorite dress of this spring/summer
kind of period and then I have on my
Topshop leather jacket I have on like a
little bra underneath this dress because
it's quite revealing otherwise just
wearing in the daytime I quite like it
layered up as well and I have all my
black PR examples and that is it -
haven't done anything with my hair and
I've got pretty minimal makeup on
because I can't be bothered and my
sunglasses are from Jimmy's so they
found the best shorts ever
what are you wrecking ball so we've
walked down all the way from Santa
Monica to Venice my little beach walk
Mike's carrying my bags you can ever so
stylish and we're going to go and meet
Nikki for a coffee when we walk out to
the ocean
come on miss I hate sand
I've also tied my maxi dress up because
in hindsight this is a bad decision I
managed to convince him to go on the
sand and we're walking out to the
rainbow lifeguard huh I don't know if
this is just here for pride or if it's
always there but it's very cool whatever
it is pee in the sand
I am happy this one is a bit less happy
whining he's all right
and it is for prices has been is pride
on the back beautiful day I'm having a
little bit well actually we're not
having lunch at because talking James on
their way by having a few snacks
we're hungry Vicki unlike you know how
is for my bad exciting news guys I just
managed to convince Nikki's by the route
sweat pants we will pass a shop on a
bikini and Bennett and I didn't even
know this all them in America they are
the best thing the best so I will not
regret I know I will make you regret not
getting up here this one was the only
one that didn't get any I'm going to
learn more Makita you know what no it's
okay because if you guys I'm just going
to go online and we're compare even my
co-founder in f1 allies on our way home
this one's drinking tea in the lounge
and yeah we have an hour till of like
bored in the airport but mike has
already got his route snuggle bottoms on
crack around I am in full pajama style
gear love enormous ooh yeah that would
that would be a little embarrassing
bring Larry in the airport which is the
coolest thing about a climber so the
cycles of things can I also point out
one thing oh my laughs can I spot
another thing right now what you're a
bit red I've been hanging out you go
haha look do I go sonic see sad times
already gone these are I say what you
need to watch the lady the play that
they were creatures like oh you're
trying to look prettier I was like
and failing so we've arrived pack
sequence and price price this is the
glorious weather that we actually drew
to why I'm going on here come on Lily
July we're on our way back to see the
girl with funny bread pathology care not
your various platforms of money and back
with this one we made it home you miss
me hello tree couldn't miss me
apparently nope
I miss you you have any good sniff he
have any good alone and celebrate being
home we are making
spagbol oh yeah we are
that's going to be it for this crazy
whoa zoomed in it's going to be here for
this crazy like five day long vlog hope
you enjoyed it and I'll see you all soon
