good morning everybody welcome to a new
- day of log this is going to be my
London Fashion Week September 2017 vlog
it is Sunday today I'm actually only
doing two fashion weekdays this season
today and tomorrow so that I'd bring you
along with me I've had a very nice start
to the day we drove up home from my
mom's house this morning because Charlie
and I just got back from Kefalonia
yesterday so stayed at my mom's house
last night and first thing this morning
I went to meet my best friend Vicky we
really nice morning we had a coffee
afterwards and then two little boys
shopping around Kevin High Street so now
it's around half one and I'm going to
head into London I'm heading to
Chinatown first to go to the apartment
which is kind of like a chill out relax
and re-energize area space for bloggers
and they should have a hair station
there so hopefully I'm going to get some
of the guys there to do my hair because
I washed it this morning and it's just
super silky just chucked it in a barn to
get myself there today is the Topshop
fashion Church I'm really excited about
I'm only doing three shows this season
I've just checked the one star really
but you want to do and of course Topshop
is on I'm so excited about i'm wearing
my Topshop dress and that is this
afternoon so I'm very much looking
forward to taking you along to that so I
guess without further ado let's get
going
and I'm home again that that was a
whirlwind afternoon so much fun at the
top shop show although it was roasting
in there my skin feels disgusting I
don't know if it's because I've been
away and now suddenly the pollution is
going back into my skin but I just feel
like I want to exfoliate and put on face
masks which is pretty much what I'm
going to do but yeah top shot was
fabulous I was invited by L'Oreal and
the stylist Duffy did their hair it
looked beautiful it's just like very
cool girl waves which I definitely need
to recreate so Thank You L'Oreal for
inviting me I was sat opposite Phillip
green and Kate Moss so it's just really
really cool experience and yeah fab
start to London Fashion Week I'm gonna
head upstairs now put a face mask on and
I think I'm gonna unbox a little bit of
blogger mail so I will show you what is
in my blogger mail but first of all I
need to put on some comfy clothes and
chill out okay so I'm gonna start by
putting this one on it's the fresh black
tea instant perfecting mask because I've
got a few blemishes on my chin which
hopefully this will zap and get rid of
and then I'm gonna double wammy it I'm
gonna put this one on which is the
vitamin nectar it's not focusing there
we go this one is a vibrancy boosting
mask which I feel like these two work
really well together so you can apply
this one just to cleanse and this one
it'll bring back the glow so let's start
with this bad boy right so I'm going to
leave this on my skin and for the first
10 minutes well that works its magic I'm
gonna attack my blogger mail I'm too
embarrassed to even show you what the
floor of this room looks like
so let me prop you up somewhere and I'll
show you a few of the bits and bobs I
have arrived
over the past week obviously while we've
been away it's kind of built up a little
bit so let me show you what is in a
week's worth of blogger my how I ended
up faffing about with my hair and I'm
already onto face mask number two which
is the vitamin one and it looks like I
have some kind of weird skin condition
so forgive me um also funny story as I
was taking off my first face mask I
realized that I was using the flannel
that we used to use to wipe the carpets
clean after Dickens had done a poo on
the carpet so luckily it's been washed
but
not a good start to the face mask
session but nevermind hopefully this
will draw out any poo toxins anyway it's
my first vlog Amell is a really really
cool one I just opened it up eagerly
already from Bobby Brown it's a new
lipstick launched and they have sent so
many this is absolutely crazy there's
two drawers in here you've got the Reds
some purples and I've pulled out this
brands are bringing out really hydrating
lip products at the moment which I am
very okay with because I'm all about
comfort on the lips but I am also a
really big fan of matte lips so it's
nice to kind of switch it up with
something like this so very much looking
forward to trying these out super
generous from Bobbi Brown all these
lipsticks I don't know what I'm gonna do
with them all but figure out which
shades are the best actually this one
looks beautiful as well look at that
gorgeous kind of like a Barbie pink
color very excited to try those I feel
like it can be a little bit more
adventurous with barmy colors as well
because it's not such a bold color on
the lips next bloggers mail again I've
just opened two already because I didn't
know I was gonna film this earlier on
today is a beautiful silk pajama set
from a new brand called leis
to lase or when they also very very
kindly popped in a matching eye masks on
oh look so cute in my matching PJ's then
I'm dying to see what's in this I have a
huge blogger mail gift from River Island
you guys know how much a lover of Island
I
I waited too much stuff from there but
it looks like this is actually a present
from them dear Josie we wanted to send
you a little something in the spirit of
London Fashion Week good timing
see you on the other side love from
River Island PR alright oh my goodness
wow this is not something I would
usually go for so it's pretty awesome
that they've sent it because I would not
have even tried this on in the store
it's like a Czech blazer very cher
Horowitz clueless style and oh my gosh I
think this is a pair of like paper bag
waist culottes or Hauser's very very
smart I don't know if I can pull this
off maybe the trousers with like silk
shirts or something silk blouse could
look pretty cool I'll give those a try
tomorrow morning I'm only doing one more
day of Fashion Week so this could also
work for a work where lookbook that I'm
planning for you guys so yes thank you
so much for island forever pushing my
style boundaries and now I'm gonna use
this box as my rubbish bin so I'm dying
to see what's in this one because it's
from Kiki K and I am obsessed with that
station I don't think I ever got a gift
from them before so this is pretty
awesome looks like nothing hi Josie we
hope you like your new personalized 2018
vonda's I actually had so many
compliments on my tan today I think
people thought that I've been sunbathing
one in kefalonia but actually I just had
a bottle of bondo sans ultra dark with
me
so that's why I'm tanned so I think I
might have a toke up here this is liquid
gold I have not tried this one before
but actually I'm gonna give this a go
tonight I've heard so many good things
about this and I'm actually having to
cancel the spray tan that I was meant to
have on Wednesday
and also there's self-tanner razor which
I did a huge long Instagram story about
with my first impressions and it's
amazing it really really works so that's
epic thank you very much to Bondi Suns
dear Josie please find enclosed your
absolute mess
whose face masks on and actually this is
Swarovski - this is well this is a door
but with Swarovski crystals this is
Swarovski remix and it's part of their
range that has little magnets so you
could technically make a whole long
necklace of these if you wanted to
really mix and match the clasp is just
like a magnet but yeah that's from
actual Swarovski and then this is a new
one from a door which I adore so thank
you very much so those guys I'm feeling
like the luckiest girl in the world like
I always do when I open blogger mail I
think that a lot of people look at this
and maybe it makes them think oh
blogging is so easy and you get sent all
this stuff but it's really not like that
like I blogged for two years before a
brand even reached out to me and even
when I got sent my first everything I
could not believe it I'd never ever ever
will take this for granted so yeah it's
definitely a perk of the job and
something that I feel forever grateful
personalized Josie's supercharged notes
I love this and he can personalized I
just go crazy for and the color of this
notebook so beautiful that's gorgeous
very much gonna put that to good use and
then I wish I'd open this earlier I
could have put this on now Moisture
Surge overnight mask I will be using
that tonight think they've put in some
cute little pink Clinic pencils I'm such
a stationery nerd this gets me really
excited and then we've got moisture
smaller Moisture Surge extended thirst
relief this is so good for long-haul
flights if you're going on any long
journey is on an airplane you don't want
your skin to get dehydrated and dried
out just put some of this in a little
Muji pot it is honestly a savior and
then this is the Moisture Surge serum
hydrating supercharged concentrate this
is the perfect time of year to really
get a hydrating serum because obviously
autumn we have heating and then you go
outside in the cold
release sucks all the moisture out of
your skin so you want to keep it glowing
and this would be a great thing to add
to your beauty routine so I'm definitely
gonna put that somewhere safe so I can
start hydrating my skin on daily basis
back again I didn't realize this is
actually an oil-free gel you can use
this like a daily moisturizer it's a
really good if you just need hydration
but you don't want to have too much
thick product on your face and my skin
feels amazing so thank you so much
unique for sending it that one over and
in here we have unique boutique buy feel
unique that is a tongue twister
what sets do Josie were excited to share
with you Phil uniques new luxe section
please find enclosed who 200 pound to
spend on there oh my god that is so
generous here's an exclusive gift just
for you Wow so they've got Lancome
they've got your wire sell aromatherapy
Associates dr. Hauschka that is so
exciting I'm so spoiled oh my gosh okay
need to keep that in a safe place looks
like are they gonna shop
tonight let me know if you guys have any
recommendations and favorites as to what
I should pick up with that and we have
okay this looks like a pretty epic blog
mail Dermalogica skin health school it's
come in this amazing backpack it looks
like it could be Cambridge Satchel
Company but I'm not sure that it
actually has a brand and I have just
suddenly got cramp in my toes this
reminds me of a proper old school like
school satchel that's absolutely
adorable Dermalogica skin health school
notebook okay so Dermalogica are
challenging us to get better skin in 30
days so this kit you can use it for 30
days and it's there 30 days to fit skin
journey which we share with our fellow
classmates using hashtag 30 days to fit
skin that sounds good and my skin is in
need about at the moment
I have got those like annoying under
skin spots although my skin does feel
very cleansed and smooth after that face
mask session that sounds like a really
good idea I'm excited to give that a go
how many is done Logica in a long time
either okay I just had to change the
battery on the vlogging camera and I've
undone a load more bits and bobs so I'm
just gonna whiz through a few
pieces first of all this lovely blog
elements have absolutely spoiled me
rotten I mentioned in my previous autumn
beauty routines I loved their dynamic
resurfacing moisturizer and she sent me
the rest of the range which is so
generous this is the dynamic resurfacing
night cream with tri enzymes white
truffle renews smoothes and nourishes
I'll be giving that a go and there's a
dynamic resurfacing serum facial wash
and gel mask I did not notice a whole
range but apparently so and cannot wait
to try those then I got a really lovely
blog amount from a brand called
again gonna try these tonight we have a
new fragrance as well from jean-paul
Gaultier
this is scandal and it comes in this
amazing like faux suede or maybe it's
real suede tin which is probably gonna
be a nightmare to get into oh there we
go
piece I'm going to show you guys is this
one and then
I'm gonna go downstairs finish unpacking
and just chill out a little bit because
Charlie has just got home
I have another fragrance this one here
is Michael Kors sexy Ruby this is like a
giant jewelry box really really cool got
these little drawers oh my goodness wow
that is seriously cool so down here up
don't me I was meant to pull that out
put a mini of the fragrance but I think
that's actually a USB stick what is that
is that one of those what are they
called I don't know but it's pretty oh
my god can you see that it looks like
something out of the demon head master
like an illuminated crazy fragrance
light-up thing that is very very cool so
how do I actually get to the perfume oh
my goodness
looks like loads of different gems
inside that is pretty damn cool so sexy
Ruby it looks like a giant Ruby the
actual bottle oh that was totally
different to the other one that I've
sprayed on a lot lighter oh well that is
almost like Tobacco 8 I feel like this
is one that Charlie would really like as
well oh that was really cool it's almost
like a clean laundry mixed with tobacco
smell I don't know how to describe it
it's very very cool see my face
illuminated by this too lovely new
fragrances which I will wear and to keep
you updated on my thoughts on but
overall a fabulous selection of blogger
mail pieces I'm gonna have a big tidy up
session now because this room is a bomb
site I haven't even showed you the stuff
that I've bought for shopping but I'm
gonna do a couple more videos soon so
yeah I'll catch up you guys in a bit
good morning it is London Fashion Week
and starting off right now on a Monday
morning at the apartment which I didn't
get a chance to show you around probably
yesterday taking the day off with
breakfast
lovely yogurt always q'l in that mix
delicious I'm gonna quickly show you
around because there's no one else here
at pretty much got a spray chilled
working area and then this is the cafe
you told us that lovely healthy snacks
got lots of areas where we can do some
work like a chill-out area I've already
I dug this furniture which I'm dying to
get one of these little stools for
Dexter and Dickens so they can climb up
on the sofa my little boy is and then
around here we have got a makeup zone
collection are doing makeovers and then
we've got hair by this man here Joe
thank you darling and then around here
school the shop so you can buy things
here using social media currency like
Instagram plus or tweets such as watches
face masks clothing so it's very very
cool bloggers hang out during Fashion
Week and if it all gets too much you'd
have a little nap in the bed too
changing room area
while I've got full-length mirror I'll
just do a quick outfit of the day
because I've got to get one yesterday
this is a super chilled cozy jumper
dress this is Hugo Boss and then these
are the shoes that you will have seen
and my premium will recently seat by
Chloe boots and I picked the BT Virata
body blur my legs because they're a
little bit pale and now they look like
Barbie pins but I'm okay with that
earrings these are from a sauce got my
aspirin and we ring on which is gone
backwards there we go
Manny's still looking amazing
okay so I've hopped in a cab we're
whipping down Oxford Street for the
first show which is at Selfridges as the
earth I'm show this morning I'm going
again as a guest of L'Oreal professional
so we're keeping a close eye on the
hairstyles seeing what Wonderful's
hairstylist and created for the models
at the show really looking forward to
this so it's always really beautiful
floral hopefully for the spring from a
collection and then I'm going to head
back to the apartment picking up a
lovely aspinall bag a head of the
presentation which is this afternoon and
then I have a little break a little
fashion week break trying to get my hair
colored so I'll take you along to the
sullen as well and then finally this
evening it's gonna die last Fashion Week
appointment which is the Julie McDonald
show and that should be a really good
one it's very glamorous so it's gonna be
a good day
they were on our way to the hospital
presentation niqab full of water
they're hiding to ethanol we're gonna
see their swing some 18th election and
then going to get my hair down although
look please may you show the back of my
hat how cool it is look at this little
DNA spiral thing going so fab Joel it
did my hair again and it's looking
pretty cool so I shall see you
Road and heading towards Duke of York
square now to get my hair done I don't
think you'd be able to hear the clips
and I filmed in Aspen also I'll just
tell you all about it now it was all
themed around the Orient Express
so definitely focus on their luggage
pieces which are absolutely beautiful
hopefully you'll have spotted a few of
them in the clips I just showed you and
then there was an afternoon tea element
very quintessentially British which is
why I love brand bag that I have that I
took along with me is this beautiful one
let me do it up properly to show you
there we go kind of like a saddlebag
start with these beautiful three colors
and gold lock absolutely love it very
very classic so that went perfectly with
my outfit got a few photos while we were
there so yeah that was the answer no
presentation heading to the
hairdresser's now then he get my roots
topped up although I'm kind of gutted to
take out this amazing hair stalks it
looks so cool
all right so the Julien Macdonald show
has just finished and what a way to end
Fashion Week it was the craziest like
nineties party I was definitely the
least cool person they're definitely
dancing along different songs while
everyone else acting cool but since I
last spoke to you I went and got my hair
done
I had my roots highlighted as the
wonderful Bridget Ward and they put a
physio treatment on my hair but
hopefully will help with the conditions
and getting a bit of breakage recently
from holidays sunshine that was a really
good way to just catch up so afternoon
while they were doing my hair and then I
went home for a very very quick change
and then back into London for the Julien
Macdonald show which was amazing and
definitely the most fun show of the
season although we had to keep like half
an hour and the show was running an hour
late it was amazing as if I saw just so
many beautiful designs on spark
and now I'm heading back home again and
that marks the end all that this
September's the Fashion Week's I hope
you enjoy coming with me for the few
shows I did go to yeah double for me
thank you for watching and I'll see you
very soon in the next one
