ah what's up everyone it's me chair whoo
I just want to make this as festive as
possible and i don't know what i am
doing so bear with me anyways i don't
know i just wanted to make this little
quick vlog type video here on my style
channel i know i normally don't do these
type of videos here but first off i was
fine to film a video earlier today for
like new years so you guys can see this
but it's been hectic today it's I've
been super busy so I just don't wanna
leave you guys without a video today so
this is my new year's video for all of
you and I am I don't know what I'm doing
but some take this time to tell you guys
you know first off that I am super
appreciative of you guys and I just want
to thank you guys for all of your
support for sticking by and watching my
videos and you know just your awesome
positive energy that I get and you're
you know comments feedback anything
thank you thank you for sticking by and
watching my videos it means a lot and
it's just a crazy little journey that I
have on YouTube and I am sure that 2013
will bring you know great I guess great
energy for me sometimes I tend to blank
out so I'm sorry because I'm my mind's
just like good thinking but I just want
to you know tell you guys that I see and
feel positive things coming you know my
way for 2013 and hopefully you guys you
know all of your goals and you achieve
everything you want to in the 2013 year
and I hope it just you know brings
happiness to you happiness happiness to
you and everything else so you know I
just want to wish you guys a happy and
safe new years eve a great 2013 year and
let's just kick this year off right and
that is that and before I leave I just
want to show you guys my little quick
outfit of the night because i know you
guys might want to see this since it is
a style channel here so let me just show
you what i have on for New Year's Eve
night very casual since we're going to a
nice quiet family dinner and then
afterwards I might go out with some
friends you know maybe get a few few
drinks and stuff speaking of drinks do
not drink and drive because that is not
good so yeah enough talking let's move
warm it is so cold outside tonight here
where I live so definitely got to stay
cool and layered down below here
out a little bit but yeah I don't really
care but I have this under everything so
you're wondering and then I also have on
then for accessories I just have on my
three finger ring which I love to wear
they're hawkings mcgill and they are my
brogue wingtip shoes right here as you
can see I rolled up my jeans cuffed him
up have on these little socks these
printed socks under my boots and then I
have on my jeans rolled up and yeah
that's that that's my outfit I hope you
guys can can kind of see it and I will
most likely put an Instagram picture or
the outfits so um have a great new years
eve great rest of the year and stay
tuned for more videos on my channel
because I have a lot of great content
and ideas in store for you guys you know
involving hair tutorials style lookbooks
get to look more get the look episodes
and all the great stuff also on my
second jaribu TV channel so stay tuned
for more click subscribe like follow me
on Instagram Twitter Facebook and see
you guys until next time adios happy new
year
