Oh
all right I've already tried recording
this once and I apologize if it's really
bright because this is a window because
we're in a car if you can get that by
this steering wheel here wearing my
family new car I got it a week ago it's
really nice it's not new it's from 2012
but it's new to me that's all that
matters and her name is Luna and she's
purple and beautiful and great now
having a good time I never thought I
would drive as a 23 year old I got me my
driver's license and it's not the worst
thing that's ever happened so you know
anyway it's Sunday at eleven I have a
couple of quick errands to run before I
have an 11 hour shift i have a meeting
that's followed by um i close i'm
training and I close and it's 90 degrees
outside at eleven I'm not crying yet the
leg will see I don't know if this is
gonna work uh my camera will stay there
well I Drive I mean I wouldn't say I'm a
bad driver like the camera probably
let's
oh good good everything all right y'all
still here
the culture of driving is just so
different here I don't understand I
mostly just don't understand like where
everyone is going in such a goddamn rush
like this second year lane slows down
like five people dart out behind you and
like try and get into other lanes and
slick where why are you all in such a
rush like no matter what time of day it
is and maybe everyone's just invited to
a party I wasn't invited
sure keeping my apartment really dark
like I have all the blinds shut and
everything so that the Sun doesn't come
in and doesn't get quite as hot because
this apartment is very very warm I
really have to clean I'm changing
roommates my current roommates moving
out and I another roommate moving in and
also I'm moving rooms because I wanted
the room with with a bigger closet
bourbon it's like kind of a mess so
ready that one o'clock in the morning
and very tired walking back to my
apartment
hello everybody so it has been a few
days since i last recorded anything I
haven't been up to a whole lot i went to
a harry potter like marathon and my
friends house yesterday and was there
for like many many hours i watched five
of the films today I am I was out
getting seven or 27 underwear I
victoria's secret because every time
that's a deal you know I'm on it I have
an addiction I bet tip a couple other
things as well I'll show you them sorry
I'm like moving out I'll show you them
just wonder grap up this video um I look
exhausted I know I woke up early after
being out really late last night to go
to the gym but anyway I wander off of
this video because I wanted to edit it
together tonight and see if it's any
good tell me if you like this style just
like this video and if it gets a lot of
likes I'll just take that to assume you
like the style I'd like to do it more I
thought it was kind of fun hopefully
I'll be do more exciting things I know
this video wasn't particularly thrilling
um but I don't know maybe it'll get more
excited and I'll feel more comfortable
vlogging in public and things like that
so let me know and i hope you guys have
a really great day so I do Botox is hot
here um hope you guys have a great day
you
