good morning everyone today is Thursday
and I have full day in town so I thought
I need to go I'm getting it uber into
town today and I'm starting the day and
really have many I actually enjoy
wearing so that is where I'm going and
then I'll take you with me for the rest
of the day I went up to their healthy
cafe sorry perhaps I have sponsor to
something so that menu is also probably
access you can look adorable oh my okay
I just wanna eat ago jeepers be like 10
minutes for my appointment as
I'm trying on loads of swimming costumes
a lot of them are like really low back
and I don't know if they're for big
boobs but I'm just going to be over
minded and shy I tried on those the
differences and they were so nice
actually I thought they weren't going to
clean me but I feel like when you spend
a bit more and sending questions they
just fluffy you more they're like really
well made and I end up getting a chapter
song because I never ever thought I
would sleep so I'll show you when I get
home I was really nice I went to blink
brow bar and got my eyebrows done
they're looking a little bit red but way
less hairy which is good and now I'm a
gleam and I'm going to go through my
geobox
and I just got this Arden Rose did a
collaboration with oh dear which is so
cool that were my favorite station new
brands so I'm going to try it open the
sorry I have a fit of holes at that it's
just requesting in the world but the
other really cool every shape size I'm
talking to drive I know me Anna we're
getting our nails and our toes done and
gel manicure and I take quite a while so
we like to look in at the same time so
we can get work stuff done while we're
sitting there so not wasting time on a
weekday bonus would have a nice nails
and toasting
I have forgotten to vlog I have logged
in to enjoyed life we have actually done
much we went and got a little bit of
food cool up whoa big fella D'Souza yes
theater not money you can just be Mariah
Carey
we are now heading yeah we're heading to
the pixie storm Carnaby Street because
there's an event and interpret Caroline
very horrible agency like a Caroline I
think it's like five times up and we're
going to have a nice dinner was really
hard to love with those people guess
I'll go economy and up for cash your
hair exactly our four-day we're going to
go and read to the Greeks within a half
an CI I'm not dressed for the risk but I
said if they took me out it would make a
hilarious hole it's worth it just
something that happens
Chuck's however the ruin with very
sliders
whereas the friends and I mentioned
before leader is really escaping my
camera cos I think I think you guys
would be borders to Syrian people some
an animal that I made a rug when I say
that's like 25 minutes while I'm eating
a food so I'd always say like I was such
a fucking progress my up here my
clogging like my mom and dad nice
knowing you who isn't rich we are not oh
I'm not very angel I'm wearing like the
thickest heart and I've got masters
where practice and Lily wearing example
on it we just sit on it sliders everyone
are going throughout this complete run
although we're going to get a little
different it's beautiful in here
Wow look at me this is the prettiest
rube we've said it like caroline's we're
demon here actually
oh look this is the border you like sign
your names they happy wedding and this
is family photo here because Liz and I
are going to the toilets because
apparently is very bright here at we do
as new toilet thank you but pretty and
pink Wow no proper powder room oh yes it
was a very new room I hope you want a
photo I am if you need me to I'm here
I'm here to you
come to the embassy even they live is
filling her goodie bag
there's many clothes on it oh my god
this is new
this means react nila polish this camera
does not focus that well anymore I just
got home and I have no idea how much
I've logged today so I'm so sorry if
this log is really short because it's
just hard to know while still mean how
long will sure it's going to be but I'll
be back to do normal videos again that
event was so nice though it was such a
nice dinner and we all just like chatty
and so much and like laughing so much
poor rich is hobbling because these hoes
back which is not good so I need to look
after him and not paint in the flat and
shout to him like I just did and also TC
gave us an Aston all of London little
clutch bag with my initials monogrammed
also so nice are you out of the jumper
because I can't tell if I'm just really
hot or I'm like getting ill because you
know you feel like you're like hot from
the inside that's how I felt all day I
think I just need to take this down for
off especially I might to show you what
I got today because when I forgot to
vlog when I was at Ana I did a little
bit of shopping so let me take you into
my bedroom okay the first thing I got
Caroline cleanser yeah I got a couple of
things from mango I keep seeing people
talk about mango and every time I go in
I just think it like all feels a bit
cheap to me and I never find anything I
like online it looks really nice but I'm
just not like massively into online
shopping sometimes I am if I like know
the brand if it's like a sauce but if
it's a brown I don't know I find it
quite hard to know what sizing I'm going
to be so I went in with Anna
are stuck melted a lot these in the
fridge
I bought some granny pants from M&S but
no seriously I need some nude pants that
can go under like these sort of white
dresses and not be seen and I find that
all the no VPL mrs. Remini it all made
out this kind of like light chrome
material which I find just gets so
sweaty I know that's TMI but they do do
cotton knickers in nude and I can't find
them anywhere this is like a slightly
different materials I thought I'd try
these out um so it's got some nude
knickers and it will support some some
socks
few things in my peer box I won't go
through everything there's a new Knick
foundation total control so this parody
you can wear it really share or medium
or build it up it's like in everything
foundation and this some tan luxe
leave this vlog here again apologies if
it's short hopefully it comes out not
too short but when you watch this it
will be bank holiday weekends I hope you
guys have it a really nice time I will
see you guys in my next video thanks for
watching bye
