hey everyone welcome back to another
vlog today I thought I would start
blogging at the whole day because I am
in Cancun in Mexico and it's the most
beautiful place in the world and I just
have to share it with you basically and
today's actually our last day we've only
business about 4 days we're not on the
school and today in my last full day we
go first thing in the morning and we've
got an amazing day pants today so I am
so excited we had such a gorgeous
morning actually
we woke up super early because of the
jetlag I think so
which you actually really go to
lightweight which is not really early so
we watched the sunset over here I was a
little bit late so by the time I came
out but some was already up but it was
just absolutely peaceful and then we
sort of work out but now we're up we are
ready for today that's going to get some
breakfast and then we're going on a boat
trip but first of all can I just show
you this I mean it's just unbelievable
you don't get used to it every morning I
just wake up where they just think I've
never seen anything like this
absolutely amazing
by a catamaran sailing but we haven't
left yet now
a little time for lunch I'll get does
this work it's a beach shave avocado on
the top cucumber smarter explosive
emission
Julie Emrick are at me having lunch in
the lagoon beautiful Wow
lovely little hot
yeah
mushroom and some macro parameters tell
me we can make this on a boat in the
middle of the ocean gorgeous
there is trimming out thought you're
asleep then I'm going to come and join
you forgive me as I can that was the
best day copy over that boat trip was
just insane the boat was called Moana
and the team were just unbelievable just
absolutely loved it I still can't
believe that they managed to cook all of
that incredible food on the road and but
the water is crystal clear
solutely nice or even like round our
hotel we're staying at the Ritz in
Cancun and the water is closed forever
even on the boat it was even clearer and
you can see starfish and we went
snorkeling and one of the guides found
by the fish and we could call the fried
additional hands and yes it's absolutely
amazing especially rug and but we've now
compact the wrists and we have this
lovely Cabana and we've been in the
Cabana for the last couple of days and
we've got a hammock and everything is
just absolutely ideal
this is our little Cabana and let me
give you a quick tour so this is our
gorgeous peeking stomach that we haven't
obviously been in that monkey to be
Josephine anamorphic and we've got this
double some bears little curtains and
King four and then it is very being
effective sometimes when you're lying
down here and lady comes and then we had
massage because the cucumbers on your
eyes and then I'm really called one or
your forehead you can choose treatments
home refreshing and on our first day we
brought over she's incredible cocktail
in a pineapple like a whole pineapple
and they'd carved a parrot outs at the
top of the clinic or in put it in the
top I actually put me in scraps so
that's a really bad description going
look at my histogram and see what I need
and I think we're just going to
for a while and then we cooked dinner
reservations later but planning to think
about food right now cuz I'm still full
from lunch so play it a little bit of a
sleep on the beach read my book ballot
liquids just and right
frozen mushy oh I nearly throw your
lines which it goes fast for a smarty
by refreshing
it's such a freaking second speed
Grover's algorithm and some reason we
thought extinct weication hydrogen
finally arrived three number one
watermelon with cucumber mango sauce and
avocado
number two is asparagus soup with red
quinoa
number three is roasted tomatoes with a
potato puree number four is a grilled
portobello mushroom weird Mexican corn
and Mexican cactus
number five is tofu number six is
Mexican papaya with a coconut unlikely
source and I believe that was a mochi
sorbet and number seven is this case I
can't believe they've made a whole vegan
cake it looks incredible and I've got a
raspberry sorbet so insane I am so full
way too many courses now it was
absolutely amazing the food has just
incredible such a treat and being able
to have a nail like that so we are
bright and early tomorrow our chorus
picking us up at 5:30 in the morning so
we're just packing and really sad art
going home we've been we're in LA for
about a week and then Mexico just under
a week so nearly two weeks away and just
literally had the best time and don't
want to come home but needs to come to
an end at some point
so yeah that's our plan tomorrow we
actually have a bit of a crossover and
with our flights because we're flying it
to LA in the morning and then from MA to
London but we have a few hours in
between so I think wraps you're going to
head into LA and get some get some
brunch or something and then we'll be on
our way to London by then yesterday has
been I think the best day of the holiday
so far the boat trip was just the most
incredible
experience I loved it so so much and
food was great the water was just
stunning like never seen water like that
and snorkeling just all of it has been
enjoyed watching this video sorry I'm
really shiny I've covered myself in like
oil and after Sun like head to toe
so yes I'm super shiny and but yeah I
will see you guys very soon bye
