you know what today is going to be a
great day I mean honestly every day is a
great day if you have the right attitude
the positivity the mentality every day
can be absolutely awesome but the reason
why today is especially awesome for me
is because I get to pick up Choga the
Chocobo from the airport literally two
trips the airport in one week now when
it picked up Rob like what six days ago
now going back to the airport
Joko is actually flying in for two weeks
to stay with me into Texas from August
was today August 12th and actually at my
computer right now August 12 I think
until the 25th so basically two weeks
up until PAX Prime in August which I am
going to by the way for any of you guys
out there who are wondering and I will
be doing meetups and other cool stuff
like that whenever I get there I'm
excited to see choko have not seen him
since the last Pat not last packs for
the packs before last pack so packs out
the first ever packs in San Antonio
Texas I went to with choko and mr.
wuffles and it was a ton of fun and
haven't seen him since then so it's been
like what seven months and before that
the last time I saw him was actually a
year ago today the a year ago today
actually marks okay not exactly air to
go today
but like a little bit more than a year
ago today but I met him for the first
time and kinney in person I picked them
up from the Vancouver Airport actually
gonna blog about that link down below in
the description of my first time ever
meeting these guys it was awesome
actually no joke Oh longer than mr.
wuffles a little bit of trivia right
there for you guys if you didn't know
and another cool thing is - I got a new
microphone that just came in that I'm
gonna be testing out it's I think it's
called the at2020 plus so right now as
you guys know I've got Rob over and now
I'm gonna have joke over so we have
three youtubers in one condo that has
like you know it's got two bedrooms and
living room right but one bedroom is
converted into an office which is my
office so you got my bedroom and that
you've got the like secondary office PC
set up now in the living room and it
actually works pretty well but I had to
order another microphone because Rob
forgot to bring his I guarantee you Cho
couldn't bring it so right now I am the
only youtuber with the microphone and I
want to open this up and show you guys
because heck why not I've got it I'm
using the wrong side of the key let's
cut this bad boy open see what we got
inside oh actually I've never like open
up a box on camera before I'm feeling
you know what kind of nervous this is
this is nervous I'm losing my camera
opening Virginie also you guys could see
him rocking the mister
we'll see sure right now actually really
like this t-shirt really comfortable oh
so this is it the 18 2020 USB microphone
I don't know if it's showing backwards I
don't think it is though but yeah this
is the at2020 plus and I actually bought
a one guard pop filter for this and I
don't have a pop filter on me but
basically whenever you say anything that
starts with a P like Preston or poofles
or like anything like that it kind of
has this pop sound and the pop filter is
like meant to block those like weird
pops from your peas and stuff like that
and so it goes kind of like right around
here on this little area right here and
then I've also got a my mount for it I
don't know what a mite is but the mount
is not inside of here actually if I take
the camera off and show you guys what it
looks like if I could finally get the
camera off camera where are you located
there it is okay found it so this thing
right here on the edge on I'll give you
guys a bit of a close-up so this thing
right here is what the boom arm goes
into and the boom arm can be like fully
adjustable like all over here really
really cool tool to use if you're a
youtuber or if you just like recording
stuff with like your audio and stuff
like that so anyways I'm actually
feeling daily for way too long if you
guys can see the time right here is
focus okay focus you can do it it is
come on
2:17 p.m. choko is getting into the
airport you're supposed to get it at 11
a.m.
Bailey and splats got delayed by like 4
hours which really sucks for choko so
he's actually gonna be getting in and 30
40 minutes and I'm about just that far
from the airport so let's go ahead and
head out and pick up the chocobo check
this out guys it took us longer to find
a parking spot at the airport to
actually drive to the airport from my
house look at this place this is like
under the craziest amount of
construction I've ever seen the
dallas-fort Worth Airport under look at
this what is this there's so much going
on right here and here's how bad the
parking is we are on the rooftop right
now I've never run level J I don't even
know what it is we're like really tall
up we can see like the top of the
airport towers up here but it's okay the
bay is okay she's looking good she's
looking fresh we're gonna be alright but
now we go find the chocobo
dun dun dun dun dun chocobo chocobo joke
about has been acquired he's now on the
vlog we have to go with that source of
light as fast we don't make it to the
light before dike tins we're going to
die I'm crazy craft because the Mothra
all right so Rob and I are gonna do a
bit of a challenge we just finished
eating lunch with myself Rob and choke
oh you are you're gonna be doing the
buddy bye challenge but since we've
already paid for our meal
loser has to give the other person
10,000 experience in factions Rob
maybe you should explain what it is oh
so pretty much you have to do is you
know very lightly toss the ring and just
get it on the hook whoever doesn't the
least amount of tries wins okay oh oh
this could go up to like 30 times by the
way oh just one Oh
third time's the charm Rob I was scared
for your experience today's a good day
listen Rob just grinding blazes too I
grind them all day pancakes reason why I
made the bet is because I saw him
grinding blazes and I knew he was good
for the XP now let's watch him fail
savagery I don't play around man I'm a
savage of sandy ravaged it's coming
after you
oh that's I robbed four ladies and
gentlemen I am the winning 10,000
experience one thing higher up huh okay
oh god you're funny know that I'm
winning Oh got it again
damn hey guys is Cho gonna talk about
here and welcome to the end of the vlog
we are now all back after the restaurant
with some delicious food
jokowi tournaments I said I dig your
voice I'm like Ursa from The Little
Mermaid
I'm so sad but true
so what'd you think about the new condo
do you like do you like the new design I
haven't showed it off to the vlog yet
it's still secret until it's fully bloom
in the trash
um look at all this mess and clutter
That's not me that was you that was you
Joey's army yeah look at like so djoko's
got a like he's got an addiction to
as a fresco addiction who's more
unhealthy okay
not even close it's probably definitely
me VI Joyce we actually just got back
and we're playing a game of dota
we actually just won the Gary five
minute listen ended years ago it was a
forty fault phone at 45 minute 52 second
game on Gary knows Robin not carry us
Rob get into the game so much i Rob
roses fire anyway so that's gonna be the
end of today's vlog if you guys are
excited but would like to see another
one tomorrow
Oh what's wrong doing her Robert why are
you living in darkness Rob how does it
feel to live in a heart of darkness
hello darkness my old friend
oh shut the fun ever cross my eyes I'm
like your goes breath
also hive got the new microphone plugged
up also look at this pop filter how cool
is this thing this thing is a pop filter
for the microphone but it's not like a
normal pop filter that's like circular
in the way like attaches to the
microphone so got the new microphone
setup so you guys going to hear that in
the newer video it's going to be awesome
but that is going to be it for today
pick it up joke oh he's actually to be
here for two weeks till in August 25th
yeah so he's in here for a while
expect too many more vlogs leave likes
down below for more and we'll see you
guys Nick rap Robert I'm going to
fucking kill you said you're ending the
vlog I'm not really a liar timely ending
okay done
