yours going on so today I have decided
to vlog because Leonardo began for a
picnic with loader friends over at the
local park and I just thought it's gonna
be like a little mini adventure and I've
never actually a picnic before so for ya
I'm going to vlog it Lydia has just gone
out to get some food for a picnic and
some drink and stuff I kind of wish this
was a beer but all the business it is
boot so I'm settled with a lemon and
mint infused water healthy star for
probably what's going to be a not very
healthy day I haven't got anything any
content actually which annoyed me
because I want to try and get as much
content out of you guys as possible on
YouTube having a full-time job and doing
all the social media work can sometimes
get a little bit like hectic so I
thought I should really vlog it because
it just gives me some content and yeah
it should be really fun actually so I'm
looking forward to up see I'm just
chilling really waiting phylidia to come
back and then we're gonna go on set up
and get ready for everybody to come and
join us for a picnic later it's really
rare in the UK that we get good weather
and certainly good weather on the
weekend so we're going to make the most
of it and everybody's in a really good
mood so yeah we better get going and
start setting up a picnic just before we
head off I need to show you this
they just want to take my money okay
they don't want to see me now hey babe
again
hi you got some Chamberlin yes so carry
and what is the Alex and then I've got
another one upstairs for Sarah
oh well good friend you are I need you
to help me get stuff out the car because
okay the cars ready
oh cool cool let's get busy so we don't
need to take the alcohol out because
that can stay in there and drive it over
sure we're just gonna go funny in the
heat well how long until we go uh
probably about two o'clock ish I like
the pair sir I got the lanterns as well
hey well done well how are we gonna
attach them to the trees yeah but with
what I think they come with their
attachments the other ones do okay
and I've got eyes about three bags light
nice and and I got sim I use this
vegetable in chicken yes uh skewers I
didn't get a ham why cuz I just I just
forgot and I got blankets as well straws
jars put stuff in so cool right okay
let's get this so ladies just have a
delivery please join me they're from
yeah they are from Laurel is more and
she's like does like really posh cakes
and cookies and they're marbled with
like gold boson and they've got my
initials it got le n and just like oh
that's so cute oh you can eat one
so we've just arrived at the priest gate
in Woodland Park and the weather is
looking so good so we're going to go in
have a picnic now and yeah enjoy the
lovely weather so the girls are just
getting set up for the picnic today
so just finished off shoot in for these
girls
I don't really blog it because obviously
taking the pictures but yeah it went
well anyway we've got shots done and we
managed to pay off all of these people
because they went and sat there and we
had stabbed them to move but yeah they
were good they moved yes I'm just about
to go back now and the lads are going to
come in a second and then we're gonna
start
Oh
Oh
girls on a selfie height I need to set a
site right I'll do another one
so we're boomerang in the ranking high
but I won sunny with one force so now
he's got the stance Neil's got the
stance oh shit right haha
like sighs this is like the workings
behind the boomerang you can't see any
of your faces from here kid thing
that the best one so far gonna be like
Simon yeah because we were there so I'm
gonna vlog and snapchat look at that
yeah at the same time what oh hey you
see me yeah whatever you want to be
ready what am i doing it's no it's done
you just fill me in then I'm gonna slow
it down ready ready yes one two three
now you like doing it in slow motion no
use of it you need to normal to do it
normal speed yeah and then we slow it
down but you lot are doing it in slow
motion right there
I love you
I feel like I'm gonna be
there's a real
SFL family
Oh
you feel like a failure
hey wassup so we decided to come back to
our house and continue the party while
the picnic ahem
but yeah so it's been really good day
we've just been chillin and yet just
generally having fun catch up some
friends so better carry on feel like a
finally gonna go gonna be
you
