you know
embarrass because we're in the middle of
somewhere and it's gonna be
right now with somewhere calls to the
plan do they plan this is like that it's
place so if you come through them this
may be probably where you end up going
out and the stripy people are but not
that many because it's just before
payday I'm looking a little bit dark
Jambi son I've been lost from gravity
falls
since we've been here
I've not be not one something I don't
now and I also go out but this one this
party animal here
this one here I was like let's just go
for something to eat really early on and
then go home just like no you should
she's not having it shows like no then
we'll be right back home by 12:00 I was
like yeah that's a just like no info
this is the head Torian and what happens
the territory this is sort of by this an
open area where you have the stalls for
selling food and things like that
so them it's like a market normally
during the daytime but evening Sunday
pack away other things and there is the
cinema but you can see lighting up in
red and Haymarket what's Haymarket it's
a hotel lounge that's the one we were at
like the place we were just earlier that
wasn't what the lounge called candy so
what's so special about Haymarket
she doesn't look at all the lights ooh
it's so shot it's so shiny and it's got
flags I'm Ahmed see how YouTube say hey
look he can that guys this is my sister
son this is my sister this is my real
sister who I never see my real blood
she's a bit preggers she's kinda though
yeah little baby boy with a baby were
another baby boy so she's about to so
the next time we see her she may be you
know flat out or hiding somewhere from
them yeah look at that cheeky one where
you doing rapid what are you doing all
the peeps so just left my sister's house
and this is the girl's murder sister
fasik look say hi
okay she's gonna be on camera but either
like the camera we got the same name I
know it's weird but you know it's a
common name in Gambia like I need my
beautiful cousin he gets beaten up runs
in the family
we just all together and then coming
over
I mean Sweden as you all already know
man I'm pretty sure you guys speak
Spanish but we're here because I've got
lots of cousins and family - the family
maybe with her she's your favorite
little girl that we already need to have
over but now she's grown girl then in
coolin I used to I used to run my
daddy's to be really strict so they were
living the life that I actually wanted
to live I was their home everything that
we used to do it you have started
speaking out because my dad was it for
my life so I got mine I got right and
now I'll calm down again so being streak
doesn't really do anything no we want to
do anyway
exactly but there are some closes I
can't speak so mother cuz it's not
coming over and I'm just gonna chat
forever something I don't see at all boy
becomes like you get to know about each
other better on Facebook and Instagram
basically your life on Instagram dude
she's doing great
I'm doing stuff hahaha with the sea
isn't it cuz you just see if I call you
got a baby how you keep up to date with
everything can't believe I've never been
to England
alright I've been to London once but
went to the wedding and it was so boring
it was too because um yeah so we were
like make up in all this shouting at us
of it not to come to Lipari with Amanda
where do you this is something but no
I'm not it's not like it's party for how
far is it from London
it's about two and a half hours on a
train so it's not good
everyone that the kerala everybody
expected you have spanish
your money I just the two of us just the
two of us all night you do giving them
good input just so used to the other
side in England some just my cousin's
house we're just comparing cameras well
it's really good but for somebody's in
mind seemed to catch white light yellow
and hearse is a lot more yellow so she's
gonna have to change the color Sarah but
I know nothing about cameras so it's
just gonna have to do homework with that
one so I'm doing the video blog with man
with the pram just stop Koosh most of
this stuff is Swedish for all the
Swedish ones out there go check her out
if you can't speak Swedish just speak
some English every now and then so you
baby okay John picks up a win or two all
you need to know is a lot of drama it's
a lot of drama lying shit talking
talking about the most about it neither
agenda Googler how to change the light
setting on Nick on camera this is where
we will sleep when we come to visit
because we'll be very cozy and in six
seven hmm so the kids are sleeping but I
didn't hear anything so we can talk and
we've got Ava's room in the white TV
I freaking dream up having a white TV
and guys you don't need anything I go in
there for kids I love that you've got
her crying she's gone just come and she
went to bed and she was still crying I
said dude you in bed why cry cuz
everybody explain me the logic of kids
please oh why are you crying when you're
in bed so you're crying about being
tired why who was white that's how you
know she's committed to this I don't
think that's the same before anyone
starts fucking she she's married to a
black man just calm your ass down Lucas
here
come on you guys no matter you've seen
her a few times before so basically
she's got here just like I thought you
would know I was like listen I've not
been to Sweden in like 100 years I don't
know anywhere else so basically we've
taken a seat on this bench because we
walked around and have no idea where to
go to eat I feel like we should have
brought a curd person who is from
Stockholm cuz I can't all day that I'm
from Stockholm anymore we should have
googled it before rather than wait but
it's exciting it's like we're gonna
adventure yeah but after this I think
we're I don't think after this I think
we're going to get something to eat and
eat something sweet or just
anyway so we need to find somewhere to
eat but I don't know also have to
consider that she's glutes and in turn
you know these special people in this
special needs so we are entering rich
thick stuff this is basically our
Parliament type thing and this is a
little bit dark but yeah Stockholm is
feel very surrounded by water so it's
there's water everywhere
play a crooner which is which means the
three crowns studying what is the
significant of it to Sweden again for
you your Swedish my generation just
Swedish this moment actually only by
passport because I've not even been to
his country in forever
to be fair the castle could not be over
there but I wouldn't even be able to
tell her no it's not because I have no
idea because from what I know it'd be
like three four people who do this
because in the fluid load Alice like
this and it's called gum Lascar so if
you're into it
Teresa shots as well you can pair that
goes into Tony's car so if you're here
I'll be finding somewhere to eat so the
mission still goes on to say it's
probably gonna be three hours late I'm
just gonna be give up and be like all
right see you later then I hope you get
to go to like a kebab place cause like
this is a great country for gluten free
free stuff but it's hard to know where
they are if you're not from Stockholm
and I meant to be the one from stuffing
so really I should be ashamed telling me
this like yeah making out really I'm not
even i've never even set foot it's like
my first time and it's gonna trick me my
that's really why I couldn't go oh my
god such a hassle hey guys we found a
place it's called the Pepe and there's a
really good massive come party
I thought it's gonna be like a drum
booth but I was you can tell I know
nothing about it I didn't how do you
know how to drink a sour fish
I'm coming back yeah no I'm just joking
calm down everyone I don't drink before
people go I don't we just Italian place
the price is good they've got really
turned free stuff
what more can a girl ask for living the
dream over here just is soldiers walking
past we are for her keeper
our pizzas are here mine's got like beef
type thing on so I'm really excited for
this you know when you see your food and
already you can feel the spit in your
mouth filling up already so just had a
food
check check the view you guys see
just it's so pretty so my dad says he's
allergic to winter is that a real thing
my dad you see he has to go to Ghana
because it's allergic to winter it's a
real thing doctors out there we can
verify that and this one is purify this
like the mass of ignoring people what
you doing what you doing mean doing me
did you guys normally like to watch me
cook I've not cook that's okay I like
eating it's like pizzas and burgers and
some more pizzas and burgers so I'm just
getting fatter so they'll have to roll
me home right in the mixture we've got
spring onion and Jimbo and tani tani
means scotch bonnet pepper I don't know
what else yeah it's in the blender so
now what's that that's all yeah okay
there's the fish and it's got some lemon
and salt garlic it's gonna go in where
you got them
so we've got the mixed spring onions the
chili and this is gijs sort of like
dried fish I think catfish or something
I should add that scatter fish there for
my catfish the lodge which means garlic
is going in
just she's fried the fish and some
cassava and she fried that separately
just in normal oil deep fried and then
that's the part so she's putting in all
the fish and she's also put in what's
called cabbage let me show you the
cabbage it's just cut the cabbage you
can see that just like a quarter just
bring in the fish Vata is good yeah
little finger finger where are you
how do you do you know I know you to
shoot
doing god-knows-what good little monkey
jumping on the bed when I fell off and
bumped his head mama called the doctor
and the doctor say no more monkeys
jumping on the bed
mm-hmm looks like when it's done no sir
it has poured out bought it into there
you eat to it right my dad's way and you
need to arrive normally we eat together
in purchase so they just serve in one
big play and everyone just eats together
are you up to what you're doing
yes hello guys so this is my child so
yeah and wonder if Joe will be it's
suspicious
yeah yeah but yeah doesn't he look like
me no way looks like her
that's question Palin bellows hey hey
and that's Valentin I've known these
people since I was like wow
fifteen fourteen and I've known him
since today guys don't you see behind me
I am in the airport on the way back my
backpack is so freakin heavy that I have
to sit down like every two steps to
catch my breath I'm looking for a shop
that's toothpaste here that was really
good I'm trying to find out the chef
that seems to be quite far away my gate
there you go
Casey there's aeroplanes
but dude it free stuff as well
go straight straight straight straight
straight straight
I got something lovely something lovely
I caused my
so arrived only took around luggage good
and it's a free drink she played me like
some Baltimore like somebody move run
away guys I don't know
