we're going to be an enjoyable birth
partner given the card start to the week
isn't it in a graveyard
what I'm really peaceful that'll be nice
day to come
it's a graveyard because we're like
we're about to give birth to a new life
and this is a sort of resting place for
all these lives at once live it's like
that whole cycle isn't it and we have to
go for a walk somewhere yeah this is
crazy
dude how many people work the amount of
people who have ever lived no I do not
know I do
oh did you research this research there
107 million Wow
in mana theory another list all these
gravestones represent all these people
any ones were somebody's kids find it
really interesting like I kind of want
to know who they were what they did and
like it's really frustrating the econ me
you could probably find out but not
really you might get some like buried in
some libraries and book somewhere
there's something like a carpenter or
something but like wouldn't be better to
know what yeah but they were like I want
to know more about them with people at
individuals there's what his gravestone
like actually go just going around and
seeing the name yeah it's really markets
and names right now you're gonna go this
week okay no it's really hard to like
it's one of those things you can't
forget I'm so good if you to go you
wanna see
so you've been pregnant for educators
yeah everyone keep saying that's a great
thing to hear when you're like I just
want to have the day we now people are
like are you sure about having twins ha
ha ha and I'm like her silently just
wanting prefer inside so I won't offer
you yeah
we feel a bit like wearing this kind of
weird limbo stage at the moment like
we've got this cloud of uncertainty
that's sort of hanging over us and it's
incredibly distracting from these videos
so intrinsically connected to our
emotions
the same time it doesn't accept excuses
like you can't make excuses because all
it does is just as right if you feel
disconnected and if you feel like the
camera's heavy and the editor battles
and you feel this way then that's what
you need to paint you need to find
inspiration from the very cloud of
uncertainty that you're in yeah it's
just it's all it's on our mind right now
with completely and utterly distracted
by the fact we're about to have another
baby
anyway in a few days we'll meet him or
her and then hopefully the cloud blow
away so finally think about doing this
for a job as it really forces you to to
be very introspective and look inside
yourself and see what's troubling you
and once what you're finding difficult
and hard and it makes you face your
battles that's what I find interesting
about this job the fact is that we try
to let it be conducted by emotions so
what we produce has has to come from the
heart
yeah because I mean I must admit when
you first said your wonderful grace and
grace at this time we didn't liked it
yeah no I was a bit like blah and then
my sister said oh is he called after
grace and parry the sculpture and I said
yes absolutely if I had to clearly
Grayson Perry was intronic model very
good well I had to look him up and I
found
okay summer taking a gap year gone to
bloody Thailand to find itself on a
beach somewhere
oh my god I like totally found myself on
that beach
I just hope you discovered who I was
it's amazing
oh yeah we being a branch stop being a
breeze coming down with something he's
boiling hot you always blame with his
bratty behavior him coming down with
something
you were teasing 21:32 how long do you
give a man before you think she's going
to pop I think she's going to pop in two
weeks two weeks so next week yeah late
next week early next week what days now
was only Monday say the 1414 see the
21st from special on 20 processor sole
another solar eclipse and there's Hume
in one year so I have to do with
anything well know especially that new
Tony comes around on its orbit close to
our children kids seven years okay
you were born on the very normal is a
very day is that all so is that why I'm
quite that way maybe doing special class
at school yeah
you
you
thank you
the long
I can't
I'm not gonna be beaten by bitching a
bit of plastic I will get it if it takes
me to midnight
it might do
you're on the street strike singing
somewhere I prefer coffee I think I
you worry
I can everything
I'm sure for a picnic up there so then
actually quite an iconic food from
bathroom this is an iconic baby most
famous place they filmed Oliver Twist
stuff they didn't I'm gonna have to
touch it but listen she was my wife
before she was your mummy mister and
it's thanks to me that you're here so
you should start appreciating that fact
mister I'm grateful for his life
Adam never happened you could have so
easily been on an old soft place in you
remember you got not yeah just because
you from London Congo paranoid you ever
you have an iPhone your pal yes oh my
god is such a London a Grayson you can't
carry neither and bar it doesn't matter
if it's passed there you stole that
night from nursery question rule number
one apply a knife around you no crime
with me people good to have you over in
bath it stick with me here babe I don't
know what's going on Thank You Mel Qi
when we do try to beat me up yeah how
get off me can ask me how did you think
you having twins
oh when you do you know what the sexes
dynamite was it hurt over the last
bloody film I literally don't want to
leave the house anymore
no like oh you're you're about to go
aren't you do you know what you're
having it we've got Game of Thrones to
watch done right here and then we've got
another thing that I've really actually
should watch this first a new series of
them people just do nothing which is one
of my favorite comedy to the moment oh
it's so funny hotel occur I'm quite into
mums at the moment you know mumbly I
like a woman who was sexually
experienced
but also a little bit tired you know
we're fed up
no it's not funny to do stuff
it's really funny mommies what Danny
DeVito Larry's let me get in the
nineteen
when they're back alive straight
I love our little evening shows that we
get to you in your parents day hmm I'm
really sorry Pete it not but I need
therapy I just find them quite like
cleansing after day it's like it feels
so separate from the day
we're doing this just because we always
end up having the right little matter
don't we yeah put the well to racks come
over have an accident that will put the
router right
you're like really endearing and
sincerity mine are you I know it could
be sporty kind of realm over here oh
yeah do you remember when we got engaged
and like but it actually doesn't really
happen to you so I can't be like you
can't relate to when you get engaged and
all the sudden you put this ring on your
finger you can't stop looking at it all
the time like in the note I'm you look
you'll just see it and be like oh I'm
engaged and this time it's like it's a
different feeling but I thought this
ring on my finger I'm like I made that
and it's just a really cool feeling
panis brought our new ring yeah so there
is a little ring up on Mike London now
it's really simple it's just like a
little rose gold circles hope shakes I
feel like you can't not like it I feel
like it's a safe present and it's simple
and it goes with everything and I've
made it adjustable so as one size for
everybody just can easier to order and
generally I don't think people know
their ring sizes very well you can't go
wrong basically and yes it's on the
website now if you would like to and
check it out and that's all I really
have to say I'm not very good at
self-promotion like made arrangements or
to do TV ad for it she's on a queue GTRs
yeah what sound is your angel it's got a
circle and who doesn't like a circle you
know who doesn't like circles Nazis they
hate circles if you want to prove you're
not a Nazi by this ring now we've only
got one left
I think I found see way more if it's
good wearing that ring you know it yeah
I think it does it makes me feel sexy
sexy I hate that there's so you hate
that one you know over half an hour
which is particular by luck tomorrow
what open the newspaper if you like I
see some country branded with a new logo
and they'll be like a ring with a ring
in it will be like that that's costly on
that night after your Isis in you're not
to catch you later
you
the two types of people in this world on
this the text up all over is and this
text up enough is why in the bar in the
corner
whoa yeah you do my mouth not putting
into you so you'll pull that string
really hard he's now down oh my god my
special loading kicked out on the park
bench but I'd cry too
how about you don't use actually build
plastic crap anymore great learning to
think on my own
comm is what I got why were you alive I
was kill I woulda killed Conrad you need
to relax I color of stuff in and relax
so about the situations in life that you
find yourself in again like before when
coming in with not going well kind of
gets you scooped and write those and
those songs of yours and we can mine
yeah yes but then if everything is
completely dandy and just like to be
comfortable it's like there's no issue
to resolve in work where you want to
resolve yeah yeah if you can reach into
the darkest parts of a lot of life and
fill out something tangible some fill
out something you think about type of
negativity think about a potency of
sadness trick is any artist will you use
the potency of where the darkness is use
that almost like using antimatter to
create matter
real mature I mean using four kinds of
it
hello hello everybody hello ladies and
gents hello fellow Cuban deny anything
this is called being Zanies could be an
OG caught me being pissed off you're
gonna take some time a TV
yeah I'm looking a bit paternity I'm
asking time off after i zoom out into
outer space like where do I go that
where do I go from here I need to you
know I need to be a father for a little
bit so I'm going to take a week or two
off this channel but Hannah maybe may
not be but probably will be a channel so
next time you see it it will be will be
before so mottley yeah we'll have a new
little one here see we'd win it yeah we
grow say weeds that we don't know who
that is yet like in my two-weeks times I
can't imagine not having lower blood
yeah we don't know that yet
yeah let's leave a message for blubber
by the beauty waiting hey please say
that makes a lot of us hoped for I'd be
doing a right hope you've not been
radicalized I hope you just be a nice to
people and chilling out and not being
stormed with your opinions and forcing
them on other people whichever which is
chilling life person we don't know just
be chilled to a speech ill I can
understand fashion but just don't get
impaired not a peaceful okay sorry okay
let's be let's wrap it up because we're
already can rambling but whatever you
have to drink and I'm really saved by
more - after you're out on the sharp now
don't you need to go drinking I think
you'd save yourself pizza
and so this week we have launched new
rings over on Mike London I'm wearing it
right now if you you've got to share
just a fingertip all the other things
exampie know anything I love it yeah I
really love it so if you'd like to
please go and check out we'll leave it
links down below also one of our friends
studio had been shortlisted in an art
competition and we would love it so much
if you guys would do us a big favor and
just go and vote for her or take a
couple of minutes and it would really
mean a lot to us
Toby our friend from yesterday he has
released a studio version of that song
tree he's released it on Bank bank our
band camp down heartburn comp he's been
in past people ba-ba ba-gawk yes or van
band cut camp now we have to say band
camp but again no uri with a band on
campus and band camp now so you want to
go and listen to a remastered estudio
professionally recorded version of that
song and potentially buy it then all the
links are down below to that as well
with anything else I don't know I think
so thanks very much for tuning in and
business has Matt yeah wish us luck
wish me luck actually afternoon I've got
to deal with you that's pretty neat
knows how to use a study post this
before I got learning e the whole
Iannone the home yeah no I mean like you
need to go through and finally it's
right attachments and stuff so you're
not having to do it when I'm in labor
because that'll make me raging well if
you're like standing around and box and
hose attachments while I need you I'll
be like you should have done it earlier
Oh marital bliss
okay I want to go fill out some
attachments will we leave you here
thanks very much for watching thanks
very much for your lovely comments and
unless you see anything on social media
no I have not had baby
we'll see you when it's for force then
next time you see us we'll be
introducing our little baby well unless
you obviously go to Hanna's Channel and
watch that and there's a video without
the baby
I think we should start a whole thing
but it's pretty shit actually nice
you
