oh I'm vlogging from Tripoli Lebanon our
family has come over as a little
sleeping on my bed right now I'm gonna
be vlogging most of my chip I hope you
guys enjoyed this vlog I hope you enjoy
watching like out to on this trip I
haven't been to Lebanon in like two
years so it's been quite a while and I
really miss my family and I miss the
country and I miss being here so I hope
you guys enjoyed this vlog keep watching
so what
like crazy
so yeah just at home and it's like
almost 1 a.m. right now getting ready
for bed I'm gonna give myself a little
bit of a facial today so I've started by
cleansing my skin using the Salima
skincare cleanser which is my favorite
still my favorite and you can use this
discount code to get a huge discount on
all of her big sized full-sized products
honestly the best I've been using her
products for ages and right now I'm
toning my skin using the toner that she
does which I have banged on about this
toner for the longest time ever it's
honestly the best to turn a baby's
today is my baby Ruth meet-and-greet and
I'm just having a better drink waiting
for the time I'm with Miriam my friend
from King from Nigeria she's chillin
it's so hot like I've had my makeup on
since 8:00 a.m. 7 a.m. actually and it's
now for like almost 5 and the humidity
here is not respecting my makeup it's
almost the end of the me and I like you
girl hey and yeah we're just just sing
down just talking and honestly I forgot
to vlog from the beginning so I know I'm
the West vlogger ever and I'm having my
Pinkberry because it's so hot right now
I think you know my other camera I used
to some way make up videos and some past
week but this is just a blogging camera
ok so you can easily carry around yeah
but I'm used to it not like I don't
guess I'm the same yeah dinnertime
and I know it has been so emotional
honestly I'm just amazing what I did an
amazing job
thank you so much I love you so much
so I hope you're enjoying my vlog some
fine Lebanon unfortunately today I am
leaving I haven't been vlogging that
much recently just because I've been so
busy I've just been trying to enjoy my
time with my family and everything
because I haven't seen them in two years
so everything went so well my launch
pirates
well everything has been so amazing so
far handler had such an amazing time so
today we are leaving for Dubai and we're
gonna be staying in Dubai for a week so
make sure you follow me to see what we
get up to anyway I'm gonna be meeting
some of my friends there and just
chilling and just having some time out
and chillin with the family well my
immediate family so I was how I honestly
honey I'm feeling super blessed but
honestly one thing I can't wait to get
back to work I'm one of those people
honestly because I work for myself and
it's like I feel like whoa I've been
away for three weeks I have so much to
do I really want to get back and get
back to work and do all those things I
used to do to go back to my studio film
videos for you guys the Internet is
really straight here so I just didn't
even try to film videos here because
it's just a madness but everything else
I can't wait to do how wait to get back
and do things to you guys I have some
giveaways on planning
