so much and many fees reduce you must
reduce it who is hot enough for that
nonsense all right mate how you doing
welcome back to another video today I'm
in a hotel room yes why because I'm in
Marseille for the blood the Euro 2016
match England's first game against
Russia
competitive game at tournament Euro 2016
I've only seen one competitive England
game at a tournament before there was
ten years ago in the World Cup 2006 in
Germany I was there said was there my
brother Saunders and over there we saw
England lose on penalties to Portugal in
the quarter-final we do not want to see
us lose today obviously it can't go to
penalties it's a group game but I'm
confident we'll get the wind today I'm
confident we'll get some goals today on
pump we're going to go to Marseilles
we're going to spin a few hours before
the game getting amongst it of course
and then we're going to the match we've
got my England shirt here with me of
course
I can't actually wear it to the game
which is a bit of a shame because it's a
strict dress code we're going to like
upper echelon you know part of way of
watching the game which is great
obviously but comedy England shirt as a
result but England is in my heart come
on let's get a big result let's go get
them here he is snapchat so b-boy sad
chat guys um we really all shopping more
want me yes decent me us you I can find
some food - a food review
oh yes mate food review and watch the
errant whistling game seriously game has
kicked off it's going fine mister what
needs to go mister go away miss fabian
shark trying to find sides or support
ball the problem is it doesn't seem to
be anywhere really like a shopping
centre thing and there's a lots of
restaurants sure but no football and I
don't like missing any football last two
tournaments I'm watched every single
game woke up and the last euros I'm
already missing
Twitter and Albania aka Albania vs.
Albania b-team well Slovakia is next I
want to miss that but we're struggling
I'm struggling
so it fell somewhere to eat and the
better news is we've got the total one
rad
come on one nil to Switzerland right now
i ban you dance ten minute NBD a stinker
didn't they bog out drinks way to see
sips it was actually a desert on the
dessert menu when in Marseille do as the
Marseillaise do it Jimmy does Timmy
let's talk about that to meet you poet
you should play from our site this is
the city that made him in many ways he
played father Cubs before that course
but I'm pretty sure he's happily after
training every day I think that would
explain a lot
I mean me and Davey you know Jimmy's
been taking the world on the hashtag
free kick taker you know there's a lot
of similarities no no except you need a
food review from you please
oh well as they say in France it's dis
one D saw you ready
Jason reopener spend Oh get up where you
got can you deal with that I don't know
we're always sure my oh yeah blowing
literally just the one right on the
coach we better head off to the England
game semi hell are you gauging out it's
getting closer now I smell the grass now
are we gonna win this game this question
I do feel we're gonna win this game I do
I'm realistic I feel I gonna win I feel
we gonna win it - let's do it
oh that is bad we're good to meet you
boys okay guys we got off the bus cause
the traffic is insane but doesn't look
insane there but there is cars there
there's no because she was taking us
about 40 minutes to go about a third of
a mile I think we've got a couple miles
to wall we're still going to get to the
game in time I'm sure but it's bit
stressful there's a lot of people about
God monsters growing office or violence
between fans so we have to walk all
through that to get to the game in time
but the traffic was not working for us
we're walking you know what guys you
might be getting a little bit of sweat
here might take a little bit longer this
way but it's much nice we're seeing a
little bit of Marseille what do you
think local scenery sighs delightful
they still like the birds are seen in
the trees especially really peaceful
this stuff about riot glorious what
short though it was deceptively cold on
that bus because of the aircon on and
also by the pier having a few drinks
early it was like really really breezy
it was lovely but now we're down in the
branch streets a bit one this is
probably where the major part used to
live when you play for Martin tells us
there yeah that's what made him come on
let's get this stadium to me okay we
decided to start running it wouldn't be
an authentic matchday blog from me and
say but we didn't run to the game at
some point I mean we've got plenty of
time but part of these be readings go
get a sweat on
oh come on then we'll get there we'll
get there we always do you can see where
the fans have been can't you they leave
their mark okay
we're nearly there
here we go there's the stadium
you take a while
the Katie imposter Curie
he should be honey
this is the boy this is the one that's
come on
please listen here we go here we go here
we go
decent Romanian plenty until I'm at the
end 20 minutes before kick-off bodied up
to start paint on his own 4-3-3
formation ok seems good enough to be a
show we should be them let's do it come
on England
Oh
he charted but still revenue
ready for a real job
sure
rock
okay
so on both I think go walk away true
diamond fire
to get the go
generalization like
Oh
well in nearly 20 minutes in the second
half in a future is evil way to be
honest the game needs a change
I still finished only bonded no
substitutions made yet don't think Spain
should go off
yeah
putting into everyone
like angry cat now for the law for a 30k
50 no disciple guru should
technique
never
Russians are kicking off not ideal
pay the world
also made the defense interpretation
pigpig
all right
we've drawn in Russia
god
now
kick it off over there what's up
time to go lads we have to wait for the
nonsense to finish over there rushes the
chasing some English people takes away
from the football to be honest is
disappointing to see the millions of
Russians can see these they started
frying flares about shit embarrassing
for them and obviously when they scored
the English bands were all so much grown
happy either so basically in summary if
you're kicking off in all the trouble
out there English or Russian or whatever
you're amongst all I can say that we
don't beat Wales we're in trouble
which is not a great situation to be in
a grog replaces Avakian X hope you get
win against them then going to Wales
game feeling confident stayed Wales one
earlier to one gets lucky they're going
to come in feeling top of the world
we're going to be annoyed about that
result I don't know I just don't know
there they go
space Maroons
it's minor fact because of logic people
think they like Curt scoff call feeling
their fan of Curt's concept the charge
my gods just got back to the room after
a long old day we just picked up some
pizzas to a they drown our sorrows eat
our sorrows obviously we drew the game
it's not disaster when you're winning
and you're dominating and you give it
away in the last minute it always feels
bad
so is this a negative vibe right now in
the camp when you say so definitely
negative vibe it's not nice I mean being
completely give a story if Russia had
played well we've got the last winner
would fill or the last equalize would
feel buzzed it but they robbed us those
celebrating in like they've robbed
something it feels that way but I will
say this I hope in I want to be too
negative because I do feel that we did
play very well I feel that football
could do some cool things we can easily
say eyes England all over again but
let's just put it aside for now
we beat Wales and I'll take the two
games start yeah well that's the key
thing play from this if it wasn't
crucial ready
England Wales is huge we win it we're
going to win the group we lose it when
want will go through if we don't get out
this group it will be the one of the
worst things we've ever done because
even third place is a challenging day
out the group this time so let's not
even think about that stay positive play
like we did today which take our chances
maybe make some slight changes I'd like
to maybe see I'm glad to see body start
maybe for Kane maybe is a part of a
front free sterling looks lively we
didn't have any product for me I
wouldn't start him
people send daily I didn't play well
tonight I still think he's in our best
team Delhi Ali plays but maybe he needs
to come out the limelight for a game
keep him hungry well I think we all sure
looks good you know I was a bit against
Wilshire being on the plane of us
because he hadn't played but the fact is
he's here and when he's playing he's
looking good
he's one of our better players when fit
stick him in stick him in why not I
don't know we'll see what the team
selection ends up with but we just need
to beat Wales we beat Wales it's going
to be epic I'm going to be there Sims
going to be there
and hopefully this food / pizza will be
decent as well see you on the next one
until then don't go change bye bye
you
