hi guys so I literally just woke up and
today I'm going to be taking you around
and show you what I do um this is how it
begins so I just woke up and it looks
like a really nice day shine let's say I
have to do laundry and go food shopping
this is going to be a pretty slight
thanks guys but I just wanted to take
you out and show you maybe what I do um
on a day like today also if you're
wondering I have wine lips from last
night because like Daris came into the
city and we had dinner and I had wine
and now it literally will not come off
my lips like what do you do if you have
wine lips I have that lush bubble gum
stuff maybe that's what it's for
it would be a good name for it wine lips
okay so I'm gonna get up and out of bed
and do my morning routine
okay so first what I do is I brush my
hair and I just got this brush oh it
easy okay I just got this brush it's
really cute so I just want to brush
these tangles out because it's not fun
thing fragile as disclosed
try to get this wine off my lips with
the Bubblegum wash thing this top smells
so good all right
sort of worked I don't even care anymore
honestly now I'm going to make my bed
and clean up my room a little bit so
let's go
she looks so nice and fluffy
I
oh my god this lighting is horrible but
I'm just making my coffee now and I'm
waiting for it to brew I made this
Starbucks medium lunch our house blend
yeah yay it's I've actually never tried
it before so we'll see how that goes um
and now I'm just gonna turn on the news
because I literally watch The Today Show
every day and drink my coffee and answer
some emails and go on tumblr and do all
that sort of thing and then most likely
I'm gonna get ready
okay so I'm going to make some breakfast
granola with almond milk and normally I
would put like bananas in it but I don't
have any fruit that's a fruit bowl and
it's literally empty so that's why we're
going grocery shopping today
okay I'm finally gonna put on makeup hi
okay so I'm done with my makeup and I
feel so good because it's like get your
makeup on and I just feel ready to face
the day no laundry that I have to do
have seen these earrings from lavage so
yeah we feel like I look like 40 old
woman but it's okay because we're going
to do adult duties today and I need to
look like an adult probably honestly
just wear my ideas that are kind of
gross but get the job done this is my
setup in case you guys are wondering
okay so before I leave to go grocery
shopping this is my list I really don't
have that much to get but usually I just
like taking things down during the week
and just writing it here and this is
I'm dying because I walked 20 blocks and
there and I can't even talk do you see
how I
I walked 10 20 bucks there um to Whole
Foods and then urban and then I walked
20 blocks back and I just didn't think
it was really that hot outside and it
was and I am like sweating okay babies
let me show you what I got
okay so I got these two wholefoods bags
my urban bag I also want to show you
this package that I got because um I
just came back in the dorm and said that
I had a package so I was like yeah so
I'll show you that but first let
stitching I got these little big bagels
because I thought those could be good
for like oh no breakfast lunch to put
like an egg in avocado on it would be so
good
needed more okay - avocados I got three
bananas because I literally eat bananas
all day every day
I should probably have gotten more um
two peaches
two plums I think baby carrots because
they're such a good snack especially
with hummus and strawberries yay okay
mmm okay and now for the shoes on but
these I just really like that I don't
even know why I like them so much but I
just really do because I feel like
they're so simple and they won't give me
blisters because I have major blister
problems as you can see with my big-ass
band-aid so okay and let's open up this
package so my friend
um who I worked it free people new
there she is all this fresh laundry that
I get to fold honestly I really don't
mind folding laundry though oh okay
so honestly I think I'm gonna end this
here um I feel like I want this to be
too long I just wanted it to be
something different from you know like
my usual just doing like a tutorial or a
love book so the rest of the day I
honestly think I'm going to chill and
then show
and then Adam and I are having our
little date night so yeah that's it um I
really hope you guys like this video I
know it's different but let me know if
you were feeling excited do more of
these there's honestly like really fun
to do and yeah I'll see you guys next
week bye
