morning guys it's Sunday and we just got
dressed do you wanna see my clothes make
sure you follow me on Twitter on buttons
apps and you get all my outfit details
like daily there because it's so easy to
use barefaced again but don't worry I'm
starting to really enjoy literally way
any makeup or if I am wearing makeup oh
my god Hannah careful
I will let you just do brows and mascara
I haven't done before today but we think
about going out eat breakfast and then
just taking home to the park cause it's
a chill Sunday and then later on tonight
I think I'm going to get a bunch of
editing done because tomorrow one day I
have a big project to work on my country
on although which means being offline
for the majority of the day hi guys it
is Monday afternoon and basically I was
such a super market either I said not to
because he said my awful exams I was
like well get lost and I change back my
PJs and carried on working on wherever
the hell I was working off now just come
back and he's making mac and cheese dog
she's like you know I'll make it better
if you go and you get ingredients for
mac and cheese and you buy blue blue
some clubs yeah so he's got he's got
real true
yeah gave him an hour to do it so he's
got ingredients for mac and cheese I've
been asking to make my cheese for weeks
it's not these days and this is why you
short guys finding good boy doing good
yeah it is supposed to be on the floor
well drop my pineapple plate
now admit that you like it
all guys by the way also this morning I
for ages since I've been baby wearing
Hannah especially since she was younger
because we haven't actually carried over
sling for a while now she's quite big
I've always thought why can't they just
make a sling way it's like a rucksack
no stupid waist fastenings no nothing
literally like a rucksack and you put a
baby in there and you're comfortable and
it's done it's easy it doesn't ruin your
outfit on an AK shit right
so I'll googling and there is something
if only Hana just gets comfortable with
it and then I'll be chilling for when we
go travelling update update is that
going to go in the oven then yeah I'm
going to put some more cheese on the top
hands up the fifth cooking tunnel no
beautiful it's ready hear the sizzle
yeah yeah you do know this corner that
corner any any corner carefully careful
you don't drop anything on flow you
don't drop any day anywhere yesterday
mm-hmm
do you smell the truffle your line is
really perfect all that crust that's
enough of a lot thank you thank you very
much I'm in yo it's Luna morning yeah
yeah
are you eating yogurt pomegranate and
one date while I make toast
yeah me and said I'll go into central
for a meeting with smaller pakora did
love just love to leave me I unplugged
it don't mention it No
okay here's something going on the
phone's off the goal quiet anyways we're
getting them to Twizy while we're in the
Twizy we're going to film a use your
video all about the Twizy for my channel
it's going to be fun
something different something that you
would expect on me don't worry it's not
gonna be mega like techy about Carl what
time is in 3d environment that is a sad
situation
good thing we're coming today cuz
they're taking the men are back tomorrow
and I tell you what may I'm getting on
buying one in the next month or so yeah
yeah let's see I want to get one since
I'm not working here darling afternoon I
am going to a night times rewards file
events and guess one day with my sister
Tuesday Takuya and it's her first ever
kind of like blogging events which
should be fun
should be interesting I just I'm wearing
real cool vintage blazer so this like
tight top underneath and I put this
netting thing over it just some coverage
in front of the crotch area and I did a
wipe up at this elephant here so I can
gather the police and give myself more
coverage round-the-clock Nikes on
obviously I'm not going away I added us
to the event time I know
oh no alcoholic
I'm going darling you guys look at the
view
Wow because the best kind of it with you
this is a really tricky photo I'm going
to take a picture of these women we're
wrong in fares and that's the quick sort
of this little little I don't know what
we call the portion besides do this I
call it Hannah's meal and help with the
GT yeah where you're in that I think
alone yeah look I'm up
I never kill many couples are always so
diverse and ER anyone I make sure this
time the funky fella like me I can have
imagination she has enough on sleeper
I'm not going under I haven't gone up
like together-together bag like Venus
wait a minute
what should I guess if I wanted to step
inside behind the boardwalk and like it
makes me
we're going now Noah go back to to house
tie and and I tried not good yeah and
have some food with her so think we just
arrived and we basically got there goes
and I've just got my scarf on
oh cool scientists they're not gonna lie
this might have to make a bit more of a
comeback bit more regularly I think it's
actually surprisingly quite comfortable
I remember being very uncomfortable in
it but actually I'm a little bit worried
about Judith
yeah I just said don't leave you Deborah
mines tips on boys really I didn't even
know that help myself
you every Arlo and shit yeah I don't I
would forget this next time given double
G okay can we put my everyday dinner per
week then I can get really messy garlic
to need famous Instagram wall to see
Scott order food for her husband who's
not here so we're going to try and eat
really really quickly and then just hide
all the evidence Google just what you do
after a blogger the vendor South canapes
look at this monstrosity Thursday
morning well up midday Utley I got have
a line I didn't have to get up for 7 a
wardrobe man come over because we're
getting fitted wardrobes and now I'm
editing these are called golden business
wafer rolls filled with
cappuccino flavored cream um everybody
had about okay our dining tables
arriving beautiful Syd
it looks so much better in real life oh
my gosh it's beautiful
hi guys
raining this morning I'm gonna wear like
this black hoodie into collecting
Donald's bloody boiling of sunny or
obsessive loin anyway we are going to
the Capanna and my sister and we're
going to go have some food together mama
mia guys reactive up for between
sugreeva but basically there are four of
us so there we go
morning guys it's Friday morning and
basically for morning mates like know is
it's 11 o'clock in the morning yes
alimony yeah and basically I am waiting
for a cab because I'm going to central
London okay my hair day Sid needs to go
to Ikea today and the post office and
then are probably going to meet you back
I'm probably gonna meet you like 500
nursery and then we can just go home
together
guys the only thing out of my face today
is a little bit of concealer mascara lip
and bronzer now I'm blushing but the
whole face are basically and her dress
is done taking the Stoffels got that
beautiful cappuccino jury to enjoy just
looking through this magazine guard
getting some inspiration I absolutely
love flicking through a magazine I
actually think it's actually mesmerizing
sometimes look at that look at Danielle
oh oh yeah oh ma come on I don't care oh
my god okay Alfred this is from my are
these well this is push booth by CH and
loosen made-to-measure bridal book rule
in Birmingham
sorry whenever I've been to Birmingham
stalls I'm south or on Green Street yet
don't tell me anything nothing ever
looks of this quality you can't deny
that okay even if when I come into the
shop nothing I think currently I got the
heaters around me Alex the hairstylist
is just walked in and now she's hiding
I'm very happy three hours in office
tree
