everyone welcome back to my channel
today I'm going to well this video is a
weekly vlog I thought why not blog I've
not actually ever done a weekly vlog and
I love watching their and I do love
logging so I thought since I've got
better exciting week I thought I would
bring you along with me and I'm
currently at my sister's house in North
London which is really nice it's lovely
to see her since she moved maybe and
yeah I've got a few meetings there which
I'll take you on to my toys Auto
shopping which I'll also bring you along
with and then the rest of the week I've
got some exciting things so I thought
for the beginning start this blog I
would show you what I'm wearing today so
as you can see I've got a little velvet
number on it's quite a long velvet
number and this is reverb and Outfitters
and then I've got a sheer black top
again from Urban Outfitters with a
little lacy crop top underneath from
Abercrombie & Fitch and then I've got my
this should keep me cool fingers crossed
for now and we're in velvet but yeah so
it's very 90s I'm into it
would you think I'll back it up back it
up
finish my first meeting of the day then
is tavern I mean balloons knocks I'm not
quite into avoidable street thing yet
air which was really really lucky I had
scrambled eggs and bacon sourdough toast
island just go hurry to my second
meeting up just down the road but I
won't be able to walk at all in there so
I thought I would share a few snippets
from we can just go and watch all of
these less so enjoy
you
at the sweater
my darling bit sweaty consent
manipulation we're up ting working on
their warm
my son John I glitter well impressed
with it never done this before
I'm digging it yes we're going to go get
some food now and some drinks and then
go to see Cupid
me say something interesting with the
vlog fish fingers are pretty good here
I know
yeah y'all scream
oh yeah
I use it shows yeah
I am
we went hard last night very direct
talk about these wellies and look at the
stay in them
we're a bit more alive now we've had
about seven portions of chips soft Frank
Carter post-war so good and we're going
to get an extra layer because it's
pissing it down now
it's a small again early YouTube just
not not too friendly as hell hey guys so
I just added update you I've been back
at my sister's place now for an hour or
two because my meetings finished earlier
than expected and had about four hours
in between meetings I thought rather
than treating round central London in
this hot weather thought I'd come back
and get some word room because as I'm
away a little bit and my emails tend to
suffer as does my content so I thought
I'd come back and do a couple of hours
here so that's what I've been doing for
a few hours now I'm just about to head
back into central and a pretty which is
a coomer's morning but it was definitely
worth coming back and for another
meeting this is at one of my favorite
cafes in town so hopefully we can get a
bit of grew up there which will be
lovely and then I'm meeting up with some
pals later so yeah that's my little
update hope you enjoy the little Leeds
fests and it snippets videos all gonna
say
love ii thank you that's lovely thank
you very much it's a little square you
never seen it before
rather London 2 is really quite annoying
it's like really muggy quite dark and it
keeps tempting its
- ring which is not a deal now just
decided I'm going to walk from my ox a
circus way to land it with me my six
seconds my friends and for their poor
lease they cut me so I'm going to go
hang out with Faye and her friends we
were also my friends that'd be really
nice
which I did not know yeah
HPD Jesus
the tree
it's already gone
Oh
ah good morning
I completely forgot to finish the vlog
more drinks and then came on how to
pretty much bit of a chilled one and
it's quite a loving bed for part 11
which was the lovely
so today I've just been puttering around
my sister's house waiting for my Addison
Lee taxi drivers pick me up because I'm
going to so who found master day which
if you other I just realized my screens
crash smack crashed on my camera so it's
freaking me out a little bit Oh happen
that's a meltdown right now because of
this but hey we'll roll with it
some of my favorite bloggers ago in like
Anna Alex as a few other youtubers
involved so I'm really looking forward
to meeting some of those and to just
having a rather relaxing day I've never
been to server farm us with four so it
should be amazing
I've deserted farmhouse and we just had
a tour of all the gardens where they
grow our own veg and crops daddy
laughing now we're going fry cooking
lesson with Madeline show which is Mary
Dean just beautiful it's very child
gorgeous day and keen cook some good
food
closure and who you meet mini from
artists with Lemon Poppyseed they look
and sound amazing his all the
ingredients have got an apron
so just making the dressing right now
cracking with bits sorry
you
here we go the beauty butterball I'm
quite proud of that
it's got chickpeas with the tahini and
garlic dressing grated carrot and beet
root mean spouts
well orange and avocado young boy
staying tonight how the night how kids
really rich the Georgia say so
experiences with me cuz look that's why
we can send oh my god let's have a look
very visitation ah
Oh Marvin cool hot how amazing is that
so in living life in Maya Bell tempt
right now I cannot believe the size of
it and how bloody gorgeous today it is
it's a flip intent it's crazy I really
really do wish to orders here though but
yes we've had an amazing day we did some
cooking with muddling muddling shot
which is amazing hardly ever tried her
book before and but she was so so sweet
and her book looked beautiful and the
food we cook to make tasted divine so
I'm definitely going to be purchasing
that book very very soon and and then we
had a chat about all about the new
product which is this the ritual
allottee and it's a powder face mask so
you cannot like build it yourself like
customization personalization is all the
rage right now so you take a little bit
of the powder add as much water as you
want mix it together and then you can
personalize it to suit juice if you want
a more powdery and thick get it that way
or if you prefer like a runny a more wet
mass community that way so I really like
I tried that ulong one when we were in
the little when we're talking about it
but I've actually got the matcha one
here this is the body and then this is
the face so yeah my arms killing but
yeah I'm really excited to try them
properly on my face later on so I think
we've just got a bit chill time now and
I'm not just relaxing
a little bit work before great on a bit
of bike ride or just exploring in
general because they've got a few pretty
gorgeous shops here and then we've got
some cocktails later and yes I'm in
heaven
oh well we did the meditation before I
have definitely seen the light when it
comes to meditation I felt so relaxed
then then before dinner later did she
help you all a little bit again yeah
good morning from my yet at Solano
I slept was so what do our last night
like this bed I mean just a couple years
dreamy I literally sat like a little
baby and it's quite windy as well but I
said right through which is amazing and
I've just been getting ready in their
shower areas she said shower areas is
better than my bathroom and with
ridiculous
so at and yeah I'm just going to pack up
now the other girls doing yoga but I'm
actually going to Rome today which is
super exciting so my car's picking me up
a little bit Elias it clashes with the
old witch the shame which I could stay
here longer but super excited to go to
Rome and bring you along with me so I'm
just gonna go ahead to breakfast now cuz
I am starving a bit up since like half
six that's a half eight now and two
hours being up with no foodies okay
sexy you're Freddie oh my mom mama Mia
okay it's good director okay
this is Georgia yes me Jojo Jojo
mechanism mekin
hello and welcome to aroma so we arrived
from that Twix yesterday even about five
o'clock oh my god it was so so hot
went straight for dinner and they
overlooked a fountain and then we went
on a Vespa ride which was incredible I
had an amazing little driver called
Giorgio he was so cute he was like
showing me all the sights and I think
it's just really really nice it's really
incredible experience I've totally felt
let Lizzie McGuire with Pablo Paolo in
always in the wire baby you know hey now
hey now I'm just about to dance
breakfast now so looks pretty incredible
I'll show you the room later because
I've slept in it's both mess
evening from sunny roll so I'm not blog
very much today if it was such a busy
day we've done like a bit of a fashion
experience we had a lady who works at
Italian Vogue showing us around a few
shops and boutiques and designers from
Italy which was really rather
interesting we found out where the Pope
buys his sunglasses so now I know and
see how it's just been really nice we've
been hanging out at a picnic and which
you Maxine a little bit of just in the
girls of the hotel but look at this view
from my window balcony look about you
see the entire tire rooty of the room
city centre and then down here we've got
the pool which we're going to be taking
advantage of tomorrow another little
pool over there and then that green
house is the spa which again will be
taken advantage of tomorrow but just
it's just if I'm waking up here oh my
god how long neighbour we are staying at
the hotel Cavallari in Rome is about 50
minutes of incentive it doesn't feel
like that fara toilets really really
handy the location indeed and tonight we
are dining at the hotel but they have a
three Michelin star Norman what even
call it a three Michelin shop three
Michelin star restaurant on like the top
floor that's why we're down in today
with an incredible chef so I'm very very
excited about that and say yes and go to
dinner I would quickly show you what I'm
wearing I've got my hair up as you can
see just because it's a lot easier and
all out of my face and I just feel it
we'll put together that way and then
I've got this really lovely long black
dress it's kind of that cost you're not
top and then silicate the bottom with a
little treat a little slip there and
really really simple I think it's quite
classy and then I've got my C by Chloe
beloved lace-up shoes and then my
Burberry bags
so yeah just really simple but I think
quite chic indeed yes we're just going
to go down now and I'm going to meet the
rest of the girls and here is such a
great group so it's just also
in eight wine cellar at the hotel and
it's amazing I've got my champagne I've
got my blind kick because it's bloody
freezing down here and we're just like
wandering these amazing vaults of cases
full of wine like literally it's crazy
so I've spotted my jet birth I spotted
some like they come just after the war
crazy some I'm keen to drink now very
keen have a drink morning so it's Sunday
and I'm feeling a bit tired what we're
going to yoga this morning which is
gonna be absolutely perfect look first
things first
just literally cannot get over that view
is just debo but last night was amazing
we dined at the pergola and which is at
the restaurant is just on the roof
terrace and it's a three Michelin star
restaurant by chef Hines back and he was
just divided with ten courses so so long
clubs logbook totally amazing such great
experience probably the biggest and
longest and most interesting dinner I
have ever had
and but yeah it was great and we didn't
say today is Sunday like I said so we're
doing yoga and makeup brunch like a
breakfast then we've got spa treatments
then I got brunch and then we're going
to hopefully have time to explore a
little bit row and take some shots
before the blog so it's a purse able
Sunday Sunday morning
oh darling getting down in my robe on my
slippers now I'm very excited I'm having
a caviar why do you ask - which is just
sounds bloody amazing so I'm just gonna
get down now
very amazing date
I'm back here in London and about to
head back to Manchester now but really
hope you enjoyed this rather long weekly
vlog I do let me know what you think
whether it's too long or you enjoyed it
or general feedback would be great but
yet this week's been amazing and so was
at Leeds first beginning the week loads
of meetings in London then server
farmhouse which was just divine Thank
You origin to take me there and then
obviously finishing up in Rome which was
just one of the most beautiful cities
I've ever been to unfortunately as
amazing as it was we didn't actually get
to explore Roman is in its entirety and
I've never been before so that's a bit
of shame but I already know that I'm
dying to get back there just to do all
the touristy bits and you know just to
see all the like landmarks as a
trademark sense and but yeah really hope
you enjoy it let me don't you think in
the comments and I'll see you on Sundays
another video ah
