good morning everybody it is Monday and
another week has begun giggling very
autumnal to say I'm sorry I need to stop
saying it it's gonna be like this for
the next month but it actually is look
like all the leaves are falling on the
tree from the trees and like the apples
are all dropping there the leaves are
falling and it's all like wet and very
chilly out today which is perfectly
fitting because today is the winter
wonderland for zoella beauty and solar
lifestyle I don't know if I've mentioned
this in a vlog yet but last year was the
zoella apartment and you guys absolutely
loved that vlog we all went oh god I'm
vlogging and the builders are looking at
me you guys loved that vlog it was so
exciting to kind of see everything laid
out and it's kind of the perfect
opportunity for me to get lots of photos
and content surrounding the two new
ranges in one of my previous vlogs I
kind of briefly touched on a couple of
the products from the new zoella Beauty
gifting range which is called snow Ella
for any of you who didn't know but today
you're gonna see a fair amount more I
don't know what the winter wonderland
looks like it's all being kept very
hush-hush because they want it to be a
surprise and I love surprises so yeah
you're gonna see my first reaction I
have no idea what its gonna look like
all I know is in a dress but let me show
you the invites for it because it was so
cute so this is the invite people would
have received look Hucky come and join
all I know is this ball ball so I think
it's gonna be snowy and grey and wintery
and there are a couple of things oh this
is gonna be your first look at lifestyle
you've not seen any of the lifestyle
gifting yet and this is gonna be your
first look at it that's exciting
I've just realized I haven't even given
you a sneak peak of lifestyle yet so
this is gonna be the vlog where you see
lifestyle for the first time it's gonna
throw this out there but I do think it
is one of my favorite Rangers I say that
every time but one of the main things I
try and do every time I release products
is make it better than the range before
which does make it harder and harder
every time
I've been ready for quite a long time so
I've just been sat doing some emails and
I also just got a delivery and I wanted
to show it to you because it's very
I mean I don't know whether she's gonna
absolutely hate wearing these but we'll
soon find out hey Poochie yes we will do
you like them they're for your feet
she's not sure then I got these where
are these for Matalin or next I think
these were from Matalin they are all
you're more interested in those merry
and bright indoor and outdoor 40 LED
berry lights oh my god I kind of hate
how they spell berry
that's nice bow berry is it these are
colored lights now I don't normally do
colored lights but at Christmas I feel
like you can get away with colored
lights and the reason that I picked
these up it's not actually these colors
the reason I picked these up is because
they have that really lovely retro pink
color in them and those are very hard to
come by and they're plug in screw
battery lights I hate them because I
always forget to turn them off and I
just end up having to put new batteries
in like every single time so we got
those from next I got these I absolutely
love festive pajamas and this time of
year is kind of more your autumnal
pajama next do the softest PJ's ever I
would highly recommend checking next out
if you want to get some PJ's so these
were 25 pounds and I think it's
long-sleeved yeah so you'll be so cozy
and then trousers but how cute is that
it has a little like sleepy Hedgehog
and Badgers and rabbits and a squirrel
in a dressing gown with a cup of tea and
from Madeline I also got a Christmas tea
towel
it's very cheesy but it was the green
pom-poms that sold it to me
what else I think this is a candle but I
don't have any scissors to open this I
did it so this is from next and it's the
pomegranate and black lily fragrance
candle I just really liked the packaging
of this oh it smells very Christmassy
that smells lovely what do you think
Nullah do you like the smell smell it
it's at nice just because one pair of
autumn a pyjamas is not enough I also
pick these up for Madeline
these have little owls and foxes and
these were 10 pounds so they were
actually quite the bargain and then I
got these joggers from next oh my god
they are so soft I can't even explain to
you how soft these are when I did
Alfie's advent calendar that time the
men's joggers are this soft and I was
really jealous because I didn't pick any
up so this year I've got some how much
were these are these were 15 pounds okay
so there we go that was my little mini
haul
we are heading out in 15 minutes we are
going to go drop this one off at Nick
and Amanda's and Nick is watching her
and buzz today whilst we are in London
and we're picking Amanda up because last
year Nick came because he popped in
because he was working nearby to see the
apartment so this year Amanda was like
it's my turn I went to come this year
Nick and watch the dogs because I want
dad to watch the dogs last time so
they've taken it in terms of picking
Amanda up and we're picking up poppy and
Sean and then we're gonna meet mark
there and then I feel like Joe might pop
in I've kept it very cash like I think
most people have been invited to go
either tomorrow or Wednesday
because I'm not going there for an event
I'm not very good at events so I'm just
kind of taking some people with me so
that they can see it and I'm basically
just gonna vlog and take pictures so
that is what's happening waiting now as
well okay right we're going in thank you
oh my god oh my god see
look guys okay I'm gonna do like a
proper like cha they all open open one
part Oh picture onto the tree okay
yeah this is my stop
Oh oh my god
Christmas music oh my god oh my god oh I
could actually have a hot chocolate
do you like the mug guys I really like
it it's cool I wanted these boxes some
money yeah pop he's already been eyeing
these up face bits and bobs enjoy I do a
proper little like chatting you through
everything once we've all like settled
which is a favorite that's like
Christmas been a candle do you like it
search my orders like you're not helping
me out here our house is gonna be like
this from tomorrow to the window yeah
you get inside there if you lose it you
can get you guys get it later
Oh
did you get in the bath products did you
use Oh Miriam fry your choice mark hope
you can't see through these
okay
this is this is how marks been taking
pictures of me like look at him it's
like a porn star also I so don't want to
look at my feet when I go there
yes Shawn I do anything can I blow it
out you ready don't react
yeah Christmas me thank you for coming
and this is aside like insider yeah yeah
coming to a house oh she knows you
baking show yeah I'm so excited
okay so I'm gonna give you a little
walkthrough of the entire room and show
you some little bits and pieces and
properly like speak you through them as
you walk in you've got this this is what
it looks like so you come around here
and this is the beauty part so we've got
there's no Ella Rae grin and we've got a
limited size snow Ella this is actually
slightly bigger than normal I feel like
I may have talked about that in my video
we've got some crazy hooligans sat here
we've got one of my faves which is the
roller balls we've already showed you
guys those some minis and some other
little bits and pieces then we've got a
giant snow Ella and a whole stack of
treasure me boxes full of lots of
goodies
which I think will make for some great
instagrams
I'm in a little tree and a scene
a little reindeer some more bits and
pieces here a giant advent calendar and
you can open these doors and see what's
inside
oh this one's here
couple more lifestyle bits over here and
then the hot chocolate bar and there we
go with everything you need for the
perfect hot chocolate
what are you eyeing up it's taken her oh
you got one you got one you know I know
it's the beauty one that's over there
yeah I think I like that it's a calendar
I'm gonna get a calendar sent to you
okay Amanda and ten in ten that one yes
I'll get one sent to you is cute yeah so
I think we are gonna head off now but
it's been so cool getting to show you
around and I really hope that you're
excited and I hope you can hear me over
Buble we're going to Christmas songs on
the way home now we'd have now come to
Westfield on our way back because it was
it was on the way back so we just
dropped in which is great I don't think
I've been here in like I don't know like
five years so yeah I don't think I've
been here for a really long time in fact
the last time I was here was for an
event I don't know if you remember it
but it was like I did an interview on
her age and that was the last time I was
in Westfield
yeah that was a long time ago mm like 14
I wanna say 13 just did some damage in
Zara uh-oh just a little bit
tell you what though that Q is not fun
okay let's get out of here she's so
excited oh no la Swami Suavecito mother
beat Appetit
swag
what's in the goodie bag Oh lots of it
arrived and they know there's something
in the handbag maybe zippers got a no
treat for them in our bags for tomorrow
and it's like it's like they know it's
in there no they were not just sitting
there honestly and they were jumping I
think so yeah look but you can see where
it's been slime yeah you should put that
on your face as a face mask hello and
welcome to Tuesday we have had we being
me and my mum have had the busiest day
tidying and sorting and just getting
everything done that I needed to get
done that was stressing me the hell out
I am starting this day at around 7
o'clock
well I teeth look really white in this
light yeah when you just feel like
everything is out of its place and
you've got a thousand million things to
do I felt like that and it was starting
to get a little bit much so mum was like
Oh coming out for you and I was like oh
my god
thank God so we've been doing all of
that tying all the loose ends tidying
sorting everything out before we go away
on holiday um hello Nana you tell them
what day it is it is knowledge
birthday your three today you don't even
know your three oh my god I need to find
these I think I showed them out earlier
okay so me and mum Pat these are Nala
earlier they're like these little
Christmas dog socks not needed at all
and we put them on Nala and I've never
seen anything so funny in all my life
like she just couldn't walk it was so
funny we should try these on her again
and see if she's like forgotten what it
feels like she got used to them but it
was so funny she was walking like Bambi
on ice it was so cute oh just a little
burp it was so cute
I've also made pupcakes which I've done
for them every year on their birthdays
so it has become a tradition sorry about
the loud oh I can't turn it down there
let me get down in here I've made them
cupcakes but I need to put the cream
cheese frosting on the top so that is
what I'm gonna do now kid
I've already made them look there's
always so many and I was gonna invite
like all their doggie friends round so
Teddy Martha Winnie
we were going to invite Carly on and
their dog Steven but we just didn't get
round to it so next year guys if you're
watching next year let's do it dog
birthday cuz it would be so much fun
they still get their birthday cakes
which is good I just need to know ice
them so I'm gonna put you down what you
was likely find if you will this pup
cake recipe it's on my bill I was
literally through shafted to
another winner doctor are you
Egypt well that won't eat any more you
got all the chopper that live another
day long like dogs do you like that
cream cheese
that's really good I'm gonna do one like
this just like around what do you think
Missy what do you think
no like like spring this is like the
ultimate TVs not us just sitting down
there like are you joking me drop here
are the finished pupcakes covered in
treats and cream cheese with some with a
little bit of peanut butter but I've
discovered that numbers of really like
peanut butter anymore which is a bit
weird so there are also some without
these are the presents we've got them
because they've got very small mouths we
can't really get anything too hard or
too big so I thought this would be
perfect if she loves crinkly things and
it's the right size I also got this from
the cat section because they're
essentially cats in dogs bodies and it
is a crinkle snake teaser which you
absolutely love it's got no catnip in it
as well I have to make sure then a
little card and then for buzz this is
from Nala obviously then for buzz we got
this soft like crinkly toy because he
loves things like this I also got him an
old man flat cap like I can't wait to
see him in this and again from the cat
section because our dogs are essentially
cats
I bought this so that we can tease them
with the fish on the stick and I know
that they will love it haven't wrapped
them do you think it matters that we've
not wrapped them the presents I mean our
dogs can't unwrap so that part of it
doesn't really matter I know a lot of
dogs unwrap their own presence but our
dogs can't do that so there's no point
wrapping them up because we just end up
unwrapping them for them so there we go
it's buzzing hum in are you gonna see
buzzy and poppy and Shaunie
all right guys wait a minute look at
this oh she's gonna training everything
off of it
okay buzzy no she weren't your toy
oh look white boy Ebers good luck
putting that on him it's gonna be really
hard he just doesn't like know it might
be too big then you can you can put the
ears out and we tie it underneath like a
card anymore and it's good there's a
cherry attached I'll help you out babe
I'll flip it over let's take the
sellotape our who doesn't like she
doesn't appreciate the cars gay bag that
tree
amazing yeah it's crinkly old feels here
cutting hair by the way
Phil's joined the dog party yeah I liked
this finale
dogs have had their birthday cake
Kevin years and now it's time for us to
sit down and watch the first episode of
the second series of dr. Foster dr.
Foster was amazing I think I mentioned
it in one of my favorites like when did
it come up two years ago two years ago
oh that was a big but did you hear oh um
so it came out two years ago I think I
put it in my favorites two years ago
because I loved it that much and it's
back for series 2 so if any of you
haven't watched series 1 is only 4
episodes or episodes
and it's really really really good
so go and watch the first series and
then start watching the second series
because you will love it so who are
waiting for Alfie poppy and Nick we're
gonna play press play I came in here
they come
you ready ready ready
