good morning guys
we're at my mom's because today I'm
going into hospital and be asleep let's
get my wisdom teeth taken out next time
you see me I don't ever gonna film in Oz
Bowl next time you see me I'm gonna have
a fat face
scary scared skin scared but I thought I
would love it because it might be I
don't even know if I'll remember to vlog
when I come out like being asleep but it
like it might be funny it is good
so all right guys the sexy socks on oh
and I've got my gown on but I had it on
the wrong way around earlier I'm good
you covered up my piercings
Finnick weird about my noticing
my Marcel's
I get huge but really none is so gross
I'm ready to go home to my body into
drink is that the weirdest thing ever
downloaded Bates Motel on Netflix
cartridge my iPad all I want to do is
watch it that's so it I can't feel that
at all
okay the needle is out guys I think I'm
allowed to get dressed now go get
checked one more time my mouth is still
numbers all I'm thinking about right now
is having smoothies I might like to eat
something okay packing my bag for me
thank you it is night time now and I'm
sighs oh and look there's my boy oh boy
okay I'm coming I'm coming coming in
oh my babies get comfortable
oh okay
oh my god oh my god am I going with a
380 kg Hobart whoo-hoo I'm on this my
teenage where's this money very okay
backs anyway oh that nice good boy he
loves the belly rub there you go cover
for the belly rub it's so cute
do you guys remember how long ago I got
this onesie and spent my mom's today and
she's packed it up for me to take but
now I actually have a real one
oh good that's how long that longer I
wanted one of these so my mouth is
starting to be a bit more painful now
because the anesthetics wearing off
I'm not going to show you but apparently
it's going to swell like for the next
2-3 days it will get a lot worse so I'm
feeling like when I have big hands to
cheeks and stuff which is not cool man I
thought I thought I'd missed out on that
I thought I was lucky and I was cool but
nope anyway I'm just going to chair it
with this little one have the food that
I can eat which is basically only cold
like soft stuff I'm just going sure full
exhausted but I just want to have some
chill time to like watch some stuff
before sleep on so for us I want to yeah
tomorrow is going to be a nice day we're
going to be taking him out for his fat
walk out on the mean like not Maine
right but just on our street which is
going to be exciting also terrifying
because I don't know how it's going to
react for like cars and other people and
stuff that's going to be interesting I
bet you've got that so see you guys
morning be
to the RAM a fishing game with oh my
tongues didn't open them tonight I know
you're getting so big already stop Wow
stretching Bubba white he's totally
learning how to play fetch now it's
moving hold on let me see
good leave it leave it leave it
good boy
oh what's that so distracted I did it I
just want to quit come on come on in
good one in hmm hello boy we are going
to take Wow
get out first first walk on the Main
Street today I'm really nervous just my
package I'm thinking might be at least I
would have been so that would be perfect
timing actually is that can say we're
literally just about to bow like you can
coming bub-bub hello my baby she put
your leash on Oh what is that
he hates honest he's got to understand
he's come to understand what the harness
means but I'm sure he'll like it once we
take him outside
oh my baby do you want to snuggle me all
you ever want to do is cut at least such
a lovely little part so this is the
thicker one I thought that the bigger
one would be Dickon this is actually
quite soon but I love it so nice just
clipping it all let's talk you and then
the other thing I got for more facts why
that's this it's like this pouch them
that you can open up and it's got a clip
on it but you can also fold it away and
obviously Bulldogs can get over here -
really really quickly so this is quite
good if you want to feed them like a
drink or that you can put water in there
and they can go for the water that you
can just pack it away so yeah so you're
cute as well like the colours in the
design yeah
ready to go outside Baba you ready to go
outside he's getting distracted by
everything already come up with good boy
yeah good boy
no nug-nug literature
the only not a lil wrinkly wrinkle but
oh I haven't told you guys yet I'm going
to creats with river islands and some
other bloggers I'm sorry I'm speaking
with my tongue still a bit numbers bit
awkward and there's simply loads of
clothes which is like flooding so I'm
going to go try these all on get my
outfits ready because I've got to start
packing I think I'm going on Tuesday or
Wednesday and it's Saturday now so I
need to get my shit together I need to
do my hair so anything's I think I'm
going to put crochet dreads in my hair
we shall see bye
Kier say bye
you
