good morning and welcome back to another
weekly vlog it feels really nice to be
home I came back from Tenerife last
night and it's currently 5:30 in the
morning and Benji's just gone to work
he's working away today
and somewhere up north four and a half
hours away so he's up and on and I'm
kind of awake when I go back to sleep
because I start like at 8:00 and I set
my long for 7 which gives me an hour to
like shower and have breakfast and get
ready for the day and but it's yeah I
have five I'm I'm awake waking up slowly
so I am probably just going to get up
and start the day and because I have a
lot to do today
obviously I've been away I'm a freelance
social media manager so I work for a
company and I have clients where I
manage their social medias basically so
I'm going to be doing that today
catching up over the last week and
scheduling some stuff for today and
tomorrow then the rest of the week is
looking pretty hmm not quiet
I guess just getting back into routine
it's my best friend Megan's birthday
this week so I mean still out her
present actually have her a gift and I
have bought her tickets to a gig that
she wants to go to but I'd like to get a
few little bits so I'm gonna get our
cards any sort of her present this week
and it's my mum's birthday in two weeks
time so I'd like to get her stuff sorted
as well and then it's my friend George's
birthday after that so lots of birthdays
at the moment I unpacked last night I've
got two loads of washing and organizing
from the holiday and I did a little mini
food shot last night so I got milk I've
got get bread I've got eggs
anything up some bread I've just got the
shower as you can see it's actually five
o'clock and I was like I need to stop
and have a break and get in the shower
because I felt so grim so carry on doing
some work I had so much to do today so
so much and I think I'm trying to juggle
with too many things today but it is
Monday and it
dog days I had to stop and sort the vlog
out and get that up and then I have got
ten clients and I've done six oh I four
more to go and the last one is pretty
easy but the other three are quite
complex so I'll probably need a couple
more hours like two or three hours at
least
so this window open by my bedroom nail
is so nice and bright and airy I love it
the bend of the way tonight and tomorrow
night he's back Wednesday night about a
couple of days to myself which I really
really really miss him but at the same
time quite looking forward to just a bit
of me time and I really would like to
have a nice hot bath at some point relax
or goes to gym but I've gotta get this
work done first and then I can do those
things and trying to balance life a just
how it goes but yeah I'm going to stick
on some like fresh comfy pajamas now and
can't see knickers and geureon I've got
some vlogs playing in the background
I had 27 videos on my watch later so
just having those on in the background
it's not too bad so when I come another
cup of tea back on 25:11 I finished work
like 9 o'clock and I'm so tired and went
to lie down in bed and I've literally
spent two hours messaging mimei watching
YouTube which in point it's a two videos
now finally going to bed I'm gonna brush
my teeth morning happy Tuesday I'm just
making myself some breakfast
I've got fruit fiber cereal a banana and
yogurt and I run out of almond milk and
bread so I'm gonna make eggs and
scrambled eggs and scrambled egg Wow I
was going to be discovered egg and
avocados on toast I don't have any
spread so I need to go and pull up the
shorts if I have a nasal parcel coming
so I need to wait for that first I'm
going to film a video but it's going to
be one for that I'm doing as a like a
fan apps for attraction cigarette who I
work sit on the Sun Park ticket so I'm
going to the top 10 tips videos to them
and so I've written that allow me lift
myself I had a nice little lie in this
morning so I went to bed about midnight
it was kind of late in the end and my
launch is looking that bad it's just a
little bit messy worth what I'm packing
to do and so it's just going to be a day
of errands filming editing
the video close to the brand and then
popping out the shots getting some bread
and milk and watching love Island but
benjin I've got a lot to catch up on so
on Episode four or five and there's at
least ten or twelve so we're quite
behind so once I'm caught up then I can
like start commentating on it but so far
I'm loving it and it's really funny
because it reminds me so much of when I
first moved into this flat I loved loved
Islands help battle loneliness I was
watching it every night of talking to
you guys on Twitter about it and yeah it
was really funny to have it back on
again like commonly within a year so I
also want to show you this I just did
learn I've got many here very apt cuz
I'm taking a picture with her but I
ordered these books so if your insert
Disney or Walt Disney while you're
planning a trip you're going on a trip
then you might not know that Disney
offer free planning tools so I'll link
it below if you're interested but you
just order a book and it took about a
week or two to come and this big book
here has got everything you kind of need
so that tells you all about each Park oh
my gosh look how amazing it looks and
then it's got all the hotels in it so
let's find our one so this is where
we're staying cabin Beach Resort as it
tells you like everything about the
hotels I love this kind of thing for you
on a holiday and all that fun stuff but
the best bit is this little one which is
actually called the little big book of
magic and what I love about this first
of all it has stickers in the back I
don't know if this is like pleasing to
anybody else
I love the stickers it says we're going
to walk this new world which is awesome
and it's got like a nice little rough
itinerary in case you don't want to make
your own it's all the information needed
about the dining plans but the best bit
is it's actually got maps in it so if I
show you for example actually Epcot's a
good example at court it has all these
different pavilions from around the
world and I don't obviously have never
been so I don't know I have been to what
Disney World but as a kid so I don't
remember at all but and I'm treating as
a first-timer because I don't remember
it but I don't obviously know where all
the pavilions are so it's really cool
for me to like get two groups of it
because obviously this is like second
stuff so that is that I'm going to find
a home for that I've just booked my
friend Georgie's birthday in with her so
we're doing do you know if you watched
my channel flog you know there's a lot
of things on the water whose inflatable
things we have one of those new forests
we're doing that for her birthday in a
couple of weeks and that weekend's can
be so good actually because that whole
week it's my mom's birthday and I've got
a surprise day planned for her she
actually watched the vlog of German I
literally can't talk today she actually
watches these vlogs I can't tell you
what I was yet but on the Thursday we're
doing like fun the Friday is the water
park for Georgie's birthday Saturday I'm
going to thought part of the day with
Amy and Bianca
Saturday night we're going out for
Georgie's birthday and it's just
something on the Sunday either way it's
going to be mega jam-packed that week
I've actually been invited to go to
Malaga the day that week as well the
brand but it's quite a long way to go
just of the day so I'm going to find out
today if we can get a flight from
Bournemouth but they have a slide out
from Bournemouth but I don't think they
have one coming back so logistical
elearning is going to work but how fun
would that been go to Malaga for the day
just for the day this shoots a little
campaign but I've locked my netting I
really hate these nets like they're very
ugly but caught them in the window or my
best thoughts out but they do give me a
little bit of privacy so okay I'm going
to shut up now
you
look how much nicer my desk looks when
it's not all cluttered I've just taken
all the bit fat in the corner and now I
have known where to like fit all these
things like look at all the stuff I took
off the desk so I'm going to keep it
like that then I think I need to go to
Ikea and get some drawers because I
didn't have anywhere to put all my
paperwork and stuff so I need to make
that happen at some point
my manager Paul is going to give me a
call any minute now and once I'm done
that I've got my cap Kitson notebook I
am loving this and the pen to take notes
Oh who's calling me okay
middle Yeats time we won the phone for
45 minutes I have written down to April
pages of the notes and so I've got three
more emails coming in I'm slow busy
today I'm potentially going up to London
a couple of times in the next couple of
weeks and I've got eight six minutes now
left remaining of my upload for this
sponsored video the once that's up I'm
going to send that over and then I'm
going to pop into town get some foodie
bits I might pop to Primark which is bit
naughty I might pop in there see what
we've got and what else my doing but
pretty much my day I'm having feeling
really good today like feeling really
positive I had loads of lovely comment
on the Tenerife vlog so thank you so
much if you watch that it had almost
8,000 views
really love this bag the Croatia but I
just don't need another bag but 29
pounds at this time this is nice and old
Primark and I just wanted a couple more
tops I can throw on on the boat in
Croatia so I plan on wearing t-shirts
and shorts a lot as watching about my
blog actually watch the whole thing from
Greece last year and I remember just
loving throwing on t-shirt shorts so I
picked up this one which I love actually
got them in a sixteen I took the 14 in
which fitted fine I wanted them a little
bit baggy in fact I think she even got
again but they were only two pounds
fifty and this one has an American flag
on it it says Los Angeles the city of
California I really like this one for
two pounds fifty I wear that around the
house and I saw this and I thought this
would be cute with a pair of white
shorts I've got a pair and they have
actually got the American flag on the
pockets on the bum and I just thought
this would be really nice of it it's a
black though it's got this nice neon
electric again California logo thing on
it I like that a lot so they were 2015
each I got the chip purse there was only
five left on the counter and everyone
was getting not to them and I was like I
don't need this in my life but I wanted
so I actually might give it away on
Twitter because I know so many people
want this it was only four pounds and it
is cute it is really nice in person I
think it's not like I wouldn't use it
for like coins but it would be quite
cute to store little bits in it I don't
know having decided this I'm going to
keep it myself yet but I saw it and I
was like well if I don't keep it then
I'll give it away but found shit I
switched my case again by the way I've
got the Disney cap kits and one I
switched back to my one with the eye
ring for my holiday but now I'm home
I've got the M cap get someone on I love
it there I'm obviously dressed my gym
clothes I'm going to the gym I haven't
written my car in over a week week and a
half maybe um for spiders
I'd start growing on my thing here I'm a
surgeon and are they are virgin has
changed to a day deployed so the
different signs everywhere so different
now if you even got a change of sign at
my tomb good morning it's Wednesday and
I'm going into the office
today so the company I work for have an
office I just work freelance I work from
home obviously but today I'm going in
because they've got a new employee and I
need to hand over one of my clients to
that because I have too much work on at
the moment starting I'm actually giving
blood so if you watched my vlogs for a
while you know I'm really really
passionate about giving blood if you can
do it I think we should all do it if you
can and obviously if you're not like
afraid of needles and you physically can
so be my fourth donation and I was meant
to donate in march/april time but I was
on antibiotics for urine infection so I
couldn't donate have walk-ins normally
but I suppose just booked because I've
got my appointment I can do it I can go
sometimes of walking Z just to wait a
while so I prefer to have an appointment
in the only appointment I could get like
honestly you do have to put quite far
advanced the only one I could get was 30
minutes away so it's actually on route
cause my mum so I'm going to swing by my
mum's o'clock parcel there and that's
pretty much my day so I'm going to pack
up my things and I've got my contact and
just watch wash my teeth I'm wearing a
little Primark dress today
hello it
is quarter to two and I've just finished
up in the office and I had a really good
day it was really nice to go into a
place of work it's been such a long time
since I've had to do that and kind of
bouncing off my colleagues and having a
desk to work from like I have a desk at
home person but you know I mean like a
different environment was really
productive for me I am almost done and
it went fine I feel fine
I've said it so many times Network four
times I've done it and it feels good but
they did have to do an extra test on
this arm because some people were
fainting and passing out because the
weather is so hot today McConnell says
is 29 degrees which is absolute sane and
because I'm wearing a dress today they
asked me to put a blanket in my legs
so my dignity and it was a saucy hot
blanket of boiling so then my legs are
really really sweaty and made all the
chest where tickles like a plastic chair
which was so embarrassing so yeah ello
guys it's just going to have seven I'm
just like shutting up my house because
then geez I'm and I'm going to go see
him and yeah I'm not really dark sound
great Haarlem
the timer's been charging for the last
like hour - and I haven't done a lot of
money I've been watching YouTube and
just waiting like a little puppy for
benched come home soon and I thought I
just before leave so you my lofty London
stuff by the way I'm loving my bags but
it came in as a really cute little bag
and I've never tried lahtie lamby
products so massive thank you to them
for sending me these goodies so there is
a shadow swatch twelve eyes shadows
which looks amazing I'm really digging
these colors this is so wearable
definitely something I'm going to use so
I will try that later in the week and
show you got two blushes which I needed
a new blush I've been using the same
Rimmer one for like honestly months so
I'm going to see which one looks nice
for me I think this will because it's
summer and it's a little bit more
Coralie and then there is an archrival
shape and highlight pencil an eyebrow
pencil thing arch rival brow artist and
there's a four-piece powder highlighter
chord which also looks amazing
oh that's where you meant to highlight
is it
yeah love those Thank You Tati London
and I don't really think I mean anything
else I'm even going to leave the camera
here and I'll be back in the morning
we're going to have a really chilled
night we're going to make some dinner
it's already like almost 8 o'clock so
we're going to make dinner and were
going to watch the love Islands and I
can't wait I was going to go to the gym
in the morning but I've got loads to do
here at home so I think all that's the
bank on one floor I think I'll skip the
gym and I'll go either tomorrow
afternoon yeah maybe I'll do that I'll
come home work from home and then to
reward myself I'll go to the gym and
maybe we'll go for a swim outside of an
x-ray right let's go see animalarium
laughs it's 12 o'clock have got an hour
left of work I'm just stopping to make a
smoothie but we're really hungry
I never was go ahead caught in my
necklace out I bought a whole bunch of
anuraga the Denny's are going slightly
brown so I thought mash a couple of in a
smoothie with some oatmeal kind of an
honey and watching it cold not called
planes in the background of Disney life
and I'm doing some washing still from my
holiday and I need to wash up and so his
curse words go
I'm feeling too lazy to go to the gym so
I'm going to do Jovic some body coach
workout new it's like introduction never
done this before
hey let's go
I just did the cooldown so I'm not as
read but that was really good actually
I need to like turn this sound off
what are the stops it I've just got the
bass I haven't washed my hair so it's
still a bit like everywhere and all the
back of my hair is wet why been lying
down and I'm wearing my new prymaat top
my Calvin Klein brass for comfort and my
ripped revealing jeans I love these I
get asked about whether from all the
time but it's coming up the hopper 6 and
I'm going to Benji's house he's making a
chicken curry tonight which I'm very
excited for he's been at the gym himself
of the work so and that's good because
he normally works Wayne never gets to go
to his own gym I'm just gonna pack a
little overnight bag I've done all my
washing I'm just folding up and I think
the last lot is done now it's just great
yes thanks Jesus as well good morning
it's 7:00 a.m. it's Friday and I'm going
home and I'm having a pretty chill day
today we've got a very busy day tomorrow
because we have to get Father's Day
presents at Benji's dad in the morning
then we've been invited to a pool party
at lunchtime one of them's his friends
is got a pool and one of them's got hot
toe as well we're doing a barbecue hot
tub party in couple of weeks I think
that might be next Friday actually and
the airport we've got an actual pool in
its backyard which is quite cool so
we're doing that tomorrow afternoon and
then we're going out from Evans birthday
so I'm really not quite in the mood yet
but I think if I try and some outfits
today and I do my hair makeup I sell
probably more mood but yeah this is my
wardrobe in here
and I want this clear really I mean I've
got books and stuff of storage and but I
want to clear that out so I want to
tackle that today I might move the bed
over to the edge but I do quite like
being
round it and I want to sort this out
don't know what's going on here I could
so utilize that space and much better
and maybe put some of those boxes from
down there because you can obviously
stack them put them in there because
it's really high the ceiling was like
huge up there Oh
wrapping paper I don't realize I had
some wrapping paper pot that I want to
move all those bags back to where they
originally were which is along there and
obviously look at all these products
like it's so messy and I've got like
random books and Diaries and things like
I want to get rid of that this is all my
makeup like a lot of people ask to
makeup collection like this literally
all I have really and so I've gone
through this fairly recently so I know
this isn't too bad they don't have to go
to the makeup I never actually use half
of it to be honest but that needs
sorting out and yeah I'm just feeling a
little cluttered like I've got little
bags on the back here too bad I think
I'm going to start by doing this section
and I will keep you updated but yeah I
just have so many things everywhere and
I don't like it there's all these wires
as well all the time I have bloody wires
coming out my ears and that's not even
unpacked from holiday I'm just going to
shove that all of them in it that white
box there I was looking for all through
the winter
it's my scarf and hats and gloves so I
finally found it and I put it there now
so I can see it all my tall boots are
here and then I've got flip-flops down
trainers and heeled boots and their
normal high heels on the bottom and then
under here I need to sort these bags out
I have so many handbags it's a bit silly
well this is all of them and then the
little one pen the door and what is that
I've got a bag and that also got a
bedsheet in there or God knows I do need
to sort through these house it's called
embedding so like that's bedding that's
bedding so I can really do with a towel
pile and a bedding pipe I'm making
progress I have organized my towels
these are overnight bags so they're
collect big weekend away bags this has
got all like birthday bags paper and my
iron and then I've got all my bedding
which I didn't realize how much betting
I have but I've got like three or four
sets in there
handbags rucksacks and my long JumpStart
bags and then I also hung my canvas bags
I've just kind of hooked them over there
for a second when I say work but just on
the ioan I just want them to sit so I
can grab them when I need them so I've
got like a youtube one I've got a
blogging one in a lush bag they're quite
good for like shopping good shopping I
might actually put my food shopping bags
in here as well oh so hot they help take
my jumper off and this is the state of
my room now that is all for charity
full of this that is a whole bag of
makeup skincare beauty stuff I've been
hoarding that I don't want anymore
there's also a notebook and a ninety on
the top there but the rest of its
product I'm going to do first tips to my
mum my grandma and my mum's staff
they're all girls so I'm going to ask
them say what they want anything from
there I've got a spare tripod which I
think my brothers and then I've got like
all these old shoes I just don't really
wear dolly shoes anymore I don't really
think these suits me either I mean
they'll right there just Primark so I'm
going to get rid of things I never wear
then we've got a ton of rocks accent
canvas bags and bits I don't needle you
so they're going to go to charity shop
that's the beauty stuff I am keeping so
I have a nice big hole here I just got
to do this section now so we're getting
there bed still looks like this which is
frustrating and this is all the mess so
some of its from my mum's house charity
bin and the white one and that one are
recycling and I'm going to recycle these
hangers as well like I don't need a
whole box in my wardrobe or hangers so
I'm just going to get rid of them and
that is all period stuff they like
sanitary towels and things I'm going to
try and take to a women's shelter I've
moved the side table from that side to
this side so I have more space to like
move around here but it means that Benji
can still get in and out the bed when he
goes to work in the morning when he says
so this works a lot better I've almost
finished all this as well so it's
looking really nice and it's definitely
coming together I changed all my hangers
to all velvet ones I've been collecting
these over a long period of time I get
them in home bargains and they're about
I think it's about far
pound for seven or eight or something
but I have a couple left and that's
close I need to hang up this is all
clean I need to hang up from holiday and
I have my wash bag in here now and I
used to have that in that cupboard it
was really awkward to get it in and out
I don't know why I didn't think about
putting it there but I'm going there now
my gym bag so I can just grab it and go
I've got makeup bags down there that's
something questions up there but I still
need to sort out a couple of these bits
here like I need to fold these clothes
but this is all much better like that
was completely full up this morning so
this is all beauty stuff I'm keeping so
I have like three times as much of that
for see how sweaty I am I've got a
hairband in and my glasses on I really
want to get this done within the next
hour too and then I'm going to have a
shower whilst I straighten my hair and I
can stop get ready for going out this
evening so 25 to 3 and I've just
finished so I've done the kitchen
everything looking so nice in here
none of the washing up I've cleaned all
the work surfaces so that's looking good
and then in the lounge let me show you
this place
I've done all the safer clean the top
clean Dover there as well this is all
tidy now as well drats pan still going
but I've done all the bathroom I got for
ya mister muscle and the bleach out did
all the toilet and then the bedrooms
done as well now so yeah it's looking so
nice i fou vered although there are
marks on the carpet wife lived here but
I'm so chuffed it's looking so good yeh
I really needed to do that and now I
need to have a shower of showered I feel
a million times better and I've just had
a massive change of like plans because
Benji is going out tonight instead one
of them has just broken up with a
long-term girlfriend and I think he's
pretty devastated so they've all agreed
let's go out for a couple of beers so
we're not doing bowling anymore boys are
going to go out do boy things so I was
like I'm going to go down to the beach
then instead my mum so my mum and I
think might have a girly night we're at
the beach house and we've got dinner
on the fan miss love ye how wonderful
the life is mimic aha ok fine my people
are in Hungary I just watch the sunset
Prosecco to the like Who I am
you can 9 to 10 pound Eminem elder
didn't wear hair huh
good mornings just woken up ask my mum
has made me cup of tea and I slept like
a baby I started upstairs which I don't
normally do when veggie seizes me
because he too big and it gets too
claustrophobic I'll actually show you
because some of you are asking like how
what it looks like so we've had this
beach hut for 13 years I think I was
about 10 when we got it and I'm just
showing the upstairs I'm sleeping
arrangements oh yeah when you come up
the stairs this is the first bed to the
left so this is how my mom sleeps nice
and cozy and so the why it's a little
bit higher up so see it's close to the
ceiling that's my bed that used to be
two singles back in the day when it was
my brother and I bore me to stay here
yeah it's amazing so we can sleep for
people up here we also have a spare
single that can go across here
so technically five you could even push
one here fixed and then when Benji stays
we make that into a double let me just
open this up again that goes into a
double bed and then obviously though the
single here as well so yeah the kitchen
we have running water and gas to do
cooking this is like a storage cupboard
and but the view is amazing let me show
you there we go so it's nice and calm
today so we're going to go
paddleboarding I can't take my camera on
my phone so the other boards what a
lovely way to start the day today is
exciting because my best friend's
birthday Megan's birthday we're going
for a barbecue my going out tonight so
I'm looking forward to that just come
back from paddleboarding did you have
fun it was so good actually good workout
isn't it yeah you people you're gone
your legs yeah it was a little bit wavy
at times on the other side so we were
like entik town right well it was good
day wasn't it you need to make up money
I've got mascara
oh I think going to bed at midnight last
night I see if anyone in the morning I
am just need to wet though I'm such a
good beauty Aslaug
let me smell like ya know science so
nutshell isn't it so we're all ready to
go to Megan's award on the beach this
morning and venture pick me up and we
are going to have some barbecue and
celebrate a birthday so we're not going
to go out to town anymore we are going
to get out out for seasoning but neither
of us up for anything so we're just
going to go to Megan's and be there the
evening and then tomorrow I want to go
back down to the beach yeah yeah one
think you've had a boarding oh oh yeah
you'd love that it was so good money if
I take the GoPro we could do a little
like
you know it was so good it's so hot in
this car we need the windows open soon
I'll try to come a little bit of Megan's
but obviously it's a button it'll have
friends and family so I'll see what I
can get but if I don't then yeah off
didn't work just got back from Megan's
house and we had a lovely time the
barbeque was there a couple of hours and
now we're going to a pool party
yeah we're going to a pool party which
were meant to go through before Megan's
but now we're going after so I'm not
going to take the camera because it's
not really filming
human livers versus not really a filming
place is there so we will see you
tomorrow good morning I just have an egg
my hair is a bit gross we are going back
to the beach today and Megan's coming
with us
so energy Megan Fraser I and my mum wow
it's nice day action is window oh I'm
looking forward to it very much and we
have got oh we've got a Ringo as well so
I think we're going to get seeing a ring
going which is really fun so yeah go to
the beach hopefully are the beach now
and we've got my friend Sidon Georgia oh
and thank you later so we're going to go
out ring going wow it's going to be fun
my family back inside of the people like
I'm cooking
oh my god I am so addressed that was so
fun it is a lot more tiring than it
looks
and you know your hands going after a
gift so now mom's made us lunch and I'm
going to fit little penny born for our
lunch mrs. Matthews whom I didn't end
the vlog yesterday well I did but I
talked for eight and a half minutes
those lunches round up and say thank you
so much for watching at this week's vlog
I had such a nice week and I really
enjoyed it so if you enjoyed watching
then give us a thumbs up make sure you
subscribe to my channel and I'm going to
try and do a like main Channel video
expression video later this week so look
out for that and I'll leave my link to
my blog Twitter Instagram and Facebook
below so please you can follow me on
those and I will see you next week have
a good one
