Monday we are off to Ikea to buy some
baby stuff we need a bath mat we need
some shelves so we're all bundled up
it's a little bit misty and ready to go
I'm really tired the clocks went back
which is great for people who can then
just have an extra in bed
not great for people who've got babies
who have learned to wake up at the same
time every morning like clockwork and
now instead of half past 7 waking up
they're getting up at half past 6:00
yay I'm in shelf nightmare why did we
come here I can't decide what we want
it's hideous
you wave
hi everyone it's Tuesday we got back
from Ikea in one piece yesterday and
we're still married which is good that's
mr. AMR and I not me and the baby
obviously today I'm going to
Knightsbridge be clusters Knightsbridge
that sort of area I've won a really
amazing award
it's the cosmetic Executive woman's
achiever of the Year award so I'm really
proud and really sort of I feel really
jittery about it it's it's quite a big
thing so I've started to do my makeup
but we're gonna drive in mr. AMR is
coming as my guest and we have a lovely
table full of my friends and people that
I work with and it's gonna be a really
nice evening I'm gonna do the rest of my
makeup in the car and I've got my dress
to wear and stuff hair I don't really
trust myself to do it myself
I'm not feeling amazing today actually
and as I said I feel a bit sort of
jittery and nervous and so I'm gonna go
and get it done I'm going to her she
sings in Harvey Nichols and I've got to
be there at 4 so I'm just collecting a
few of my things together
I've just been shooting the
before-and-afters for my next foundation
review which is going to be the Clinique
beyond perfecting which isn't a new
foundation but it's brilliant and that's
what I'm wearing now so I've been doing
a before-and-afters for that so I
shouldn't be really because I should
just be getting ready to go and now I'm
throwing everything into a bag Oh
eyelash curlers and I'm gonna get a move
on otherwise I really will be late
guys wait
we're doing
volume enrichment way saying all night
working very hard to make sure
that's why I have to do my speech later
I'm a little Brian Kretsch out which is
where the CW Awards name
we're doing this to sort of run through
hassle speech yeah I'm wearing my lacy
dress and Tiffany bows and my kooky one
day I learn how to lose this bloody
camera my clunky Topshop shoes because I
can't walk in anything else I'm just
about to do my eye makeup in this weird
pink writing so that's fun and then I'm
going to go meet mr. AMR because he's
outside some
a black ass thanks for being smart now
Tom's going to page my general manager
beach by mrs. Chanel
on placement and also as part of my
prize I have got something else in here
I don't know what
say fine tomorrow
and these look at these gift bags these
are like beauty bags in the world
you could use as a clutch should you
want to
and it's filled full of lovely
oh my god I'm loved by Terry lovely
beauty things including
I stretch I'm here in the world
just got home you know when you leave in
a hurry and then you get back and it's
really late and you really regret not
having tidied everything up that's so
much beautiful I'm pretty tired it's
quarter to 1:00 I just drove back and it
took about an hour and a half because
motorway was closed feeling really tired
that's me I'm turning in for the night
I've got loads of lovely messages and
Instagram comments and stuff about my
award so I'm gonna read those in the
morning but yeah the babe is gonna be up
in the sort of six and a bit hours so I
better get some sleep because this baby
is going crazy and mainly because I had
a full fat coconut tree and keep me
awake through the dinner
so yeah it's dancing around let's hope I
get some sleep
Wednesday nanny day I throw I'm in my
office and I've got so much stuff to do
and so much stuff to sort there's just
stuff everywhere
I'm gonna film a quick video because I
want to go through some of the Christmas
makeup that's come out and it's all
beautiful and so I thought it'd be quite
nice just to do a little video on that I
don't know when it would go up but I've
got to fill on my overnight mask video
that I've been meaning to do for ages
because I've been excited about that and
before I do that I've got to do makeup
anyway
so quite often what I do is I film
another video beforehand of makeup yes
so hopefully in the next hour I will do
two videos I've prepped them I'm pretty
tired as you can probably tell from my
eyes whose have gotten really late last
night and I've had a little nap and now
it's 3 o'clock the day's just gone I've
been doing other stuff work stuff but
the day's just gone the Sun is already
really low and I reckon I've not got
that much time so that's what I'm up to
just in case you were wondering
look this looks really good it's a new
treatment from Redken is it Redken yeah
and it's called heat cure and it's like
a self heating mask I'm gonna try this
night I'm quite excited about that
Thursday we're off to Westfield this
vlog makes it look like we spend our
time when I'm not working just going to
various shopping centres and it's not
true it's just that I have loads and
loads of baby stuff that needs returning
it's got to be done by a certain time
and
why are we going to Westfield oh I've
got 40% code for gap I don't know I
don't know whether I've gone on about
gap loads this blog I swear that I don't
have shares them or anything like that
this is every time I go for line they
have some kind of discount code it's
ridiculous
and today's one is 40% mr. AMR loves a
gap basic gap shirt gap t-shirts
expelling the worst face he hates me
talking about him only cuz like he loves
basic so yes that sort of suede the day
also I need to go to super drug because
I'm doing my next 10 under 10 thing and
I think I'm gonna do it on liquid
lipsticks so I just need to have a
little root onto till about in there oh
no my battery's running out
I didn't bring my handbag with my spare
battery but I'm going to go in case
anything exciting happens and I need to
turn it back on again
is the most useless blogger goes to me
he's comin out and who has taken no
footage the whole time she's been here
who teams to pay my intern
he's gone to the lighting department
shrilling life everything just can't get
anything done today had a really little
sleep I just felt like tired all the
time and I remember I've got this huge
baby growing on the front of me because
I'm so used to just love getting work
done I find it really difficult that I
physically can't do it so the baby's
having that I'm gonna have a nap and
then maybe I'll try and get something
done after that proper Friday vibes
getting on when you just like Oh kinda
bothered today the thing I have to
because I'm away this weekend so I can't
get any work done tomorrow so it's got
to be done today
and it gets dark at 4 o'clock which
means that it needs to be done sort of
so wash my face this morning and then I
forgot to do the rest of my routine
where am I looking
I've been looking there the whole time
sorry you're over there why just one of
my eyes look weird and the other one odd
isn't it look that looks really weird
that one doesn't something monumental is
just happened
the baby has today started walking
properly walking no she's been almost
walking for months a month month months
but she has let go and now she just sets
off sorry my eyes were really
distracting me and obviously this isn't
as important as the baby walking but
what is going on
anyway it's amazing she just sort of
sets off and
she even stops pick stuff up so really
happy and now we're going to go and sort
out hurry because we bought her some
IKEA shelves mr. AMR has built those
today built them put them together but
we just need to sort of work out where
they're going to go and it's got dark
outside so I can't do my videos so I
thought don't just use the time in a
productive way I was gonna cave in and
have dominates night but mr. AMR is
going out and he'll follow me outside
about midnight and I can never be
bothered to cook for myself not the
Ravens anyway however I found an
aubergine that needed using up was well
weigh this weekend and so I have made a
sort of Italian sicilian aubergine thing
comment what it's called now
there's like garlic chili cubes of
aubergine tomatoes I might watch Fifty
Shades of Grey because I've just
finished all of four don't know whether
you've seen that Gillian Anderson and
Jamie Dornan Xand that and so now I want
to watch Fifty Shades of Grey not for
the sexual part but just because I can't
believe that he's like this psychotic
killer in the fall and then he's gonna
be this sort of charming sex God you see
Dexter searching for the white chocolate
Magnum this bag of frozen vegetable
things sort of best and they've all gone
into the jaw and I kind of feel like
it's a sign from above not to meet the
Magnum but on the other hand I don't
care and then oh look I can only find
double chocolate ones they're all minis
by the way so you know they're allowed
right it's gonna have to be a double
chocolate Magnum with caramel you get
back in there vegetables
don't really look at your face make me
feel bad about myself I've got my Magnum
I'm gonna eat it and with a towel around
me because I've got my good linen on the
bed and as we all know magnums drop
chocolate everywhere I don't know about
Jamie Dornan without a beard what do you
think Dexter it was a serial killer well
goodness it's just as bad as the book
she picked $6.99 for this off her
winning lines there from Dornan you can
tell her really did I am I'm actually on
the internet looking at beauty products
and I'm in the Red Room of pain yeah I'm
gonna leave this vlog now because I'm
going away tomorrow but hold on let me
just pause ashes boring bit um I'm going
away tomorrow and then it will be Sunday
and I won't have time to edit it I was
gonna get a really hot mug of tea hold
it just underneath where the camera is
and make my glasses steamed up and sort
of edit in some rude sounds and
television but I don't have the energy
sorry
look what I stole it's really funny is
that just like oh yeah it's just the
light okay bye
