morning guys babe we're watching
we've never blocked our morning up here
we always start our blogs downstairs
Alexes morning routines day in the life
okay I'm going to eat breakfast where's
my loo bought the Louie
can you guys spot the Louie what's my
we're doing hi yeah you want some fresh
water were you waiting for some water
they made these overnight oats well
they're literally the easiest things
ever they're like instant overnight oats
but you got them already and put them in
the fridge last night and so this is the
first time we're gonna try them look
like a shoo shoo
if you look like a shoe you must have
like damn easy spin
Wow okay Louie you're blocking us come
here
wait you didn't wait for me did you even
mix it all so just brush my teeth so
okay guys I showered
I've worked out I got a spoon in hand
cuz we're making lunch
Louise acting like a creep today like
look at him he's gonna pounce try to
spank me with the spoon and if you lose
my trust okay good
okay I'm gonna eat my little noodle
thing I get my i we've redone I'm so
excited this is the before this one this
one's like this it like too little so
sad my IWI's it's like really good right
now I know it's amazing
she's cranky
and then
hey babe ooh violent aggression to early
September
I mean I think you're a said I'm in 79
cents so I not getting the rice cakes
vlog we got the vlog let me get on cuz
camera is about to die we'll see you
guys back at the house poor Louie I am
wearing set makeup no because it makes
cake from sad
I loved it looks really good she did a
good job you did good mm-hmm she did
good
but what is it Bachelorette or bounce
moon actually i'm paradise it's doesn't
come on for another hour so we can watch
the weep of normal before to catch
another james yesterday yes no she
brought cookie dough yes vegan peanut
butter cookie we're literally the you
negating it wrong like we're gonna bake
it we're no we're not yeah Louie is here
let's show Louis in his bed that's all
fun and we also want to see Annabelle
this week mm-hmm Leigh leave it off
temple if you guys have seen it
apparently is really good we were
supposed to see it tonight but Ava's too
scared to see it cuz she's mm-hmm just
like Manola know cuz it like Adam goes
away oh yeah wait this is your phone oh
yeah that always happens cuz I know
similar phone cases yeah what's up guys
good morning is a brand new day means
here are at this mini golf course we're
shooting a thing for Sears main channel
for Google battery's about to die so
we're gonna be like really reserving on
this oh she came in class she bought the
other battery but yeah we're here at
this golf course is very beautiful out
low overcast but it's gonna warm up
haebang hey babe
I know you're up early she's up about
like 5:30 6:00 this morning
yeah to curl my hair and guess what it's
straight work vlog and their film and
talking a lot of smack today about how
she's gonna beat me now let's see if we
can prove it first time we played you
did beat me yeah but I was being like
nice that's like I don't want no shade
facts links below
you know we first started dating I was
like you know I can't just you know
Peter I have to be nice about it you
tried no I didn't that's one two oh no
oh I think you're just qualified also
guys look at my cute shoes there goes
the next day and it's early actually is
not early anymore we woke up really
early you want to explain what happened
I miss my flight Alex was supposed to go
to Colorado because he had some points
and he had to use them up because
they're gonna expire and you woke up
early I drove him to the airport but we
missed we were too late
so and I was having to stay here around
the area of the airport because my mom
is getting in town she was getting in at
noon and he was leaving at like 8:00
something he's chilling with me and
we're waiting for my mom and we're at
the Santa Monica third the street
whatever and we're just gonna walk
around your flights later today I didn't
but I was working until 2:30
well we've been doing today too tiring
so we uploaded our vlog - yeah basically
we upload a vlog today and that one was
called Alex and Sierra are over and we
got a reaction I did not expect to get
heat on it be honest I didn't either
basically we upload this vlog and we got
a reaction that we didn't expect to get
I believe the comments were saying well
they were actually more sore than Eve
and then we were both saying it so that
really bugs me the other fear and Alex
from x-factor broke up and we were
saying that were the only ones the only
couple with that name now so we were
like oh like now there's not gonna be
confusion and people thought we were
like happy that they broke up I am NOT
glad that someone else is in pain who I
don't know if they're in pain we they're
happy they're broken up maybe it's a
good thing but I'm just saying like I
wasn't happy because they broke up I was
just like Oh like we're the only couple
with that name now I just it's not even
about the situation just like the fact
that we're getting so much hate about
just
random things lately like just that I
wouldn't even expect like I I don't know
it just is really frustrating because I
just feel like okay just I don't know
people just misunderstand because I just
the realest people compared to so many
other youtubers I understand one thing
YouTube is no matter what you guys want
to say what YouTube is now it is like a
job and so this job requires to get you
guys interested in watching us and we
love like vlogging and stuff guys but we
are like turn be as real as possible we
don't wanna do stuff like you're not
gonna stage our vlogs and do things just
for a dog that's fake it ruins
relationships not throwing shade any
other you know it happens a lot more
than you think on probably your favorite
youtubers vlogs and the amount of
freaking cook baits out there that like
we don't you barely do it we barely
clicked it and like one time that I
didn't even think it was a big deal that
we'd do it there's just so much hate and
like I see people do it every for every
vlog that they post and I'm just like
how how is this how are they so loved
like yeah say we're boring it's like
okay but we're being real normal people
and like I don't know that's what I like
to watch and so I don't want to watch a
fake life I think okay maybe it's like
entertaining for 20 minutes but it's not
the real life so and you don't want to
be like that you have to realize one
thing to when you watch someone's vlog
that is staged and compared to ours we
don't just wake up and like oh like
let's do this and stage this in the
vault like no I mean Sarah very like
spontaneous we're like let's just walk
like a normal person's day because we're
normal people most people now are like
oldest Baugus extraordinary life like
this drama this drama that that that
it's not what we're doing we're not
trying to seek drama but yeah when
something like relevant or on our name
which it was and it's kind of like you
know we got so many tweets we got so
many comments like oh
just the ban this stack messages but
that's like like that's not me yeah we
don't even wish the couple bad we like
alright you can hear and like I wanted
them to break up but it's not even a bad
thing I mean in the video you can hear I
say like oh I wish them the best like
we're not that we're happy that they
broke up we hope that they're okay that
we said that without work commenting you
have a right to say these things and
that's part of YouTube and whatever you
have you have a right to your opinion
but I like having knowledge of when
you're commenting it like what you're
really saying because in this video I'm
defending us for a reason because one
Ciara's my fiance I I'm gonna protect
her for the rest of my life I love you
guys we care for you guys we keep it
real like we are right now and so this
like Ciara crying and being upset you
guys and I just don't want people to
think like I'm complaining
in this video you guys heard us say
something but wasn't out of bad
intentions to shame another relationship
or or anything like that
legit like you have to look the
circumstances of how where we're coming
from we're not wishing these people bad
luck I wish them the best if we did
offend you alright but what we said and
if we offended the other Alex in Sierra
we are sorry that was not our intention
at all guys we are human beings were not
perfect nobody is perfect in this world
and if you have there's an illusion on
YouTube that youtubers are perfect that
as false completely we're gonna try to
be better people every day and you know
we're gonna keep it real with you guys
every day when we do vlog we just wanna
thank you so much for watching our
videos
and we just want to spread positivity
and just make your day better guys let's
just spread good vibes spread love
because let me tell you one thing that I
was raised with knowing anything that he
can do love can do better so if you just
even if you know guys you have some that
you don't like just do it out of love
don't do it ever out of hate because I
will never get you anywhere
take you backwards into a circle and
whenever you wish on other people is
what you're gonna get in return that's
something else I know so wish great
things for people and great things will
happen to you so we love you guys thank
you for watching our videos and we will
see you in the next vlog peace
