rather a hazard and random video today
because I sort of spent the week off
social media quite a lot of time had a
bit of social media burnout so I tried
to vlog everything I did I just I don't
know I just have to deed well I can't be
bothered I just it's just so busy and
I've always been too tired at the moment
I couldn't find the right size gently so
I put everything together in a bit
montage hope you enjoy it normal service
will be resumed resume resume shortly
it's our friend's birthday and P party
final cap night and that were clamping
that it's pouring down rain and it's
played for the whole weekend so I'll
keep updating to you and let you know
how we get on good morning I haven't
seen you since the camping trip I feel
like the less that is said about that
trips better it rained for the whole
entire day like that it rains the whole
entire time and yeah it just rained
I mean it was great like the birthday
party aspect of it was great first term
being stuck in a sensing range of baby
and a toddler it's not fun anyway moving
on from that today we're going to
attempt something possibly even more
stupid angelic war and which is going to
Cheltenham in the car on the motorway
with head baby Angelica and Dexter the
dog in his little kennel thing in the
back and I've got set up in a minute I'm
going for a meeting with Cola my dry
shampoo and with just doing a sort of
round table meeting that we do quite
often to discuss new ideas and things
like that and mr. AMR got a last-minute
job today and so he's gone into town to
do that and he's good
mater's up there but it sort of means
that I have been left high and dry
trying to click my getting out the house
look at these two houses the complete
tip not lines remotely bothered about
that but I've also had loads of work
suppose both of them which I can't get
done and yeah everything's going a
little bit crazy and hectic so I'm
trying to work my way down the house
I've packed their stuff I just need to
find something for me to wear tomorrow
staying overnight and possibly the night
after if we go to my mum and then we're
going to move down to the kitchen and
trying to organize these sandwiches and
drink and things like that what are you
doing here at my mum's and we found
loads of dressing up stuff and my mum's
old hats and quite a lot and so this is
what I am apparently wearing today with
bottom of the garden having a bit of a
picnic my mum has found an old red pram
which Angelica is obsessed with and all
of the toys are having an amazing time
that all drunk they've all fallen over
Angelica's running riot are you going to
wear it as a hat you'd like the handmade
sale to show everybody granddad's
elephant tree elephant bush very good
isn't it topiary
we got it in it's you okay mum are you
want granny to be in it can you point to
mummys hat oh thanks
do you like mommy's hat would you like
to roam on this hunt here comes granny
Picnic learning this week i'm trying to
get into my reading again because i feel
like i've got really over and growth in
social media scrolling and when I'm
breastfeeding at night and I really miss
it when I don't read maps
so I finally found the charger to my
Kindle after a good few months and I've
charged that up so that's good and I've
got a whole load of books on my bedside
table or don't know whether you can see
that there that's not a book that's
diary but I've got loads and loads I
and then I've got all the light we
cannot see I've got the Harper Lee book
go set a watchman which I've still not
read and then I wanted to work my way
through some of the new book a long list
which has just come out I think and I've
got a couple of them already and I think
a couple of them I've read and I want to
do a post about them so that's what I'm
doing as well however I always forget I
love paper books and I order them and
then I forget that it's really hard to
read a paper book in the middle of the
night when you can't turn the light on
and you've got a baby hanging off you
reading wagon everyone which is good
you'll probably never see this footage
because I've just on a week is most
disjointed vlogging I mean I keep
starting things and then not finishing
them so I see go along with the other 18
hundred hours of footage I've taken that
in the light of day hold hands
the body is rest exercise it's so tiring
have to bring a drink
and apparently I'm going I'm not very
good my reasons
salanio breasts
I'm just asking log week in the life of
whatever it's going to be and I've
realized that I haven't included any
footage of me doing any actual work see
how I put my glasses on to make me look
like until I work I have been doing work
I just I suppose it's not when I would
think about vlogging because it's just
boring I'm on my laptop or what-have-you
but there are three new posts this week
on the website and stuff on my baby blog
as well
so I should put all the links to things
in the description box below and also if
you like this type of thing just bit
slices of life then follow me on
Instagram because I do or has bit
seasickness isn't it
I do Instagram stories so I'll put my
link to that it's at model recommends
but for the link below as well see you
next time
