mortgage market today is super exciting
because Lucy and I are in LA and we
spoke by zip code in health care bill
and variety is going to help updated
photos and we've got a piece of metal
I'm going to tell you about clothes
beans she wore well Tuesday and yeah the
sun's out today were too slow
I said but yesterday we filmed and it's
been at the beach but it was really
cloudy and I'm also very excited I've
had to hold the hair colors because we
were going to be reporting and head gow
at the hotel quickly so to holding the
banana fighting also this is always been
between vacation so hot it would be
really yeah I've always said if I was
ever community oh that would be the
occasion so this is where the research
and find out where was and get very
excited for next day sorry biggest seems
to fill today we've got the diner scene
we've also got the outside pink motel or
no physical before for the car and we
have to just yard with the white
community and quite a long time now we
will reverse back on it also you know
they're fast all the ideas everything in
white clothes coffee and Alex Pappas
produced the track and we are so happy
with it we really wanted something that
was really like for the day by and just
something that you probably would expect
I don't think any of you would expect a
cheering oh okay great thank you
hmm cool things you have one more of a
shock that I feel actually to come up in
I want to make something that was really
fun I yeah I'd let you go closer I'm so
psyched about your music video and
definitely callable socializing
quarantines they were inside okay come
on everybody
it's a very crisp gold April roaring and
we're on the way to be on screen save
because we're gonna do ladies and dance
are using video and we're going to be
learning some choreography actually guys
know me an idiot love start we love a
good job so to be able to be taught our
choreography for our new zoo that is
very exciting
as you probably imagine and we've seen
on screen the fourth ages are it's
amazing dances I actually teach you
dances from like music videos which is
to teach us currency to uncover so we're
gonna have to listen to ourselves thing
over and over I can actually think that
that you should be really fun and latest
be stars so so know though I felt if you
guys behind the scenes up trying to
figure out this dance coffee I excited
trainee I'll give this all the divers
what of the song
ah
me
what what ha jokes back
we're reading it as holster method this
isn't out yet who won this three pack of
jackals guess what
he
mmm
Oh
Hey
and seen on screen is a incredible star
club where they a cutie she dances from
météo so if you like the idea which we
we make use of our own our own veil I'm
so so I'll leave a link down below
animal feed or quel social media mount
zone include everybody else that helps
us project their hobby Alex Riley Cody
I'm very excited our just aquatics say
we're now in the diner and this is where
I'm going to be doing our first shot
very excited by the video very excited
it really cool are you something also
side by tonight
cher Lloyd song how what do you back
music video here oh I'm gonna make
really sure doing a banana split
not being neon lights from the
background as well just where we going
to be doing the first theme so it's
going to be the first verse where I sing
and then and then we're going to go
outside and do lights and shots around
people I tell and then for the
pre-chorus the second pre-chorus we're
going to do the junkyard I'm going to
fight the drug jealousy
amazing
we had just segment the diner shots I'm
now we're going to get the car well I'm
going to get it because I can't drive it
I was Christina and but we're now going
to get the blue compressed car and then
we're going to film I'll show you what
section that she's going to do we're
going to do the chorus and also we're
going to do like posing around and also
when we're in the car going to do a
second course
so Olivia Tennessee which is how to get
done over heinessen shot in there for my
sake and pretending strike record booth
I love it
why don't you love me Hina Sensibility
oh yeah like this things look nice
make sure bleep and hi everyone so we
now have our pictures taken by Riley
Lucy suppose me over there I'll show you
in a second turn and then we're going to
go into the junkyard and film our last
section which is kind of a and dancey
section but also and we're going to have
like smoke grenades and stuff which I
for a ride Instagram values and play
honestly I mean where you've respected
before them Ronnie's Instagram is
amazing and his photos are poppin
so guys the Rassilon music video it was
so much fun we just want to say a big
thank you to Cody and Riley take our
photo let you guys love the video just
as much as we do it's a very different
being first cuz I see we're not bigger
than a couple
we actually just kind of like all third
cover on our YouTube channel
we're actually do do covers when we
first started but they were prime enough
so most of you probably haven't ever
seen them so yeah we hope you like our
first cover and also thank you for being
Alec the healthiest of this track we
hope you do this video if you did make
sure you give a thumbs up and see you in
our next fun
