including everyone bright and early
Monday morning on motorways possibly one
of the most exciting days of the sfr but
I won't Michael temp in France kingdom
where no definitely such such a
highlight-reel so exciting and kinder
bueno have challenged me today to do one
of that try a bit of different
challenges put me outside my comfort
zone and I'm currently on the way to the
silverstone race track if you guys watch
my snapchats Monroe that I am NOT the
most confident driver the first time
I've ever driven on the motorway was
last week when I went to go visit my
cousins in the new forest so this is
like a huge challenge for me I'm
seriously jumping in the deep end
today point a mess and excited I really
don't know what to expect let me show
i think was there not really sure where
we are right now with feel so hopefully
by simon phipps this we will be there
guys I'm never scared we just drove past
the track and everyone's like properly
racing you lost me a raise I'm on Risa
like a casual slow driving miss daisy
kind of girl I can hear the cars well
okay I'm an item here this look at this
please no no we're not looking at the
speed no speed go Speed Oh casual
driving cuzzo oh my god they're all
going too far I'm scared
so we literally just got here and I got
like rushed into a briefing which was on
acid quite scary because they tell you
about the car and they the first thing
he said was like this car that you're
about to drive who go from zero to 60 in
four seconds for the whole briefing I
was like more and then what else to say
it goes up to like 145 miles an hour
I'll show you here okay this is what
we're looking at everyone's putting on
their helmets this is one of the
silverstone cars so you can see the
wheels come out really fast so he was
like if the wheels touch one of the cars
but is going to topple over oh that's
really fun and then you can go here and
these are the cars we're gonna be
driving guys I'm so nervous it's like me
and 10 men there were 10 men in this
briefing and little old me I was like
look everyone's it ready to race that
I'm like ready to race
I just got out the car you do like a
little crest and run and which they
called like the pink line with other
cars which have now gone admit Trudy
took me like probably eight starts i
stalled so many died I was like why do I
keep stalling and he was like cuz you're
not accelerating enough and I was like
okay house I can do this it's more like
the noise of the accelerator that kind
of freaks me out like it's a really loud
rev and then when I like God got round
right round
you would like this car and design to be
going that solely your mind and smoother
if you go faster and i'll look okay so
yeah now i'm going to get back in and go
for the full on bang and feel like
they're all gonna want to race and
you know you could take it easy
you
except that I'm so like generate your
average Wednesday so what you do as I'm
just riffing on campus are you ready to
go for are you ready guys back in the
comfort zone Hannah something down with
me can I tell you my first world problem
right now is that my eyelashes are too
long for my son not really but I can't
blink now oh my god out so they heard
that you're not weird i should just not
do it anyway i was just telling her
about how much fun I had to believe me
wait you're right sure what you in a car
that's like a recipe for disaster but I
tube was so fun and the lovely
instructor was like so patient with me
and it was really really nice install I
forgot to tell you you doing bass okay
it's manual then it's like kind of
manually switch gears and yeah you do
switch gears and you have a clutch so
basically everyone was like going off on
the first thing I scored a kidney not
eight times eight hunk literally onion
oh yeah klatch isn't that hard at all it
released off every dime anyway that was
actually really fun i ended up enjoying
it way more that's what I did that was
like such a like Pro out of comfort zone
and I yeah you always like encouraged me
to get out my comfort zone and you
always go outside your comfort zone
you're quite up there so I guess yeah
it's fun to say yes it is fun to say
yeah yeah we're walking the dog by the
way who is off on his own little
schedule apparently
either you oh he stood of small anyway I
saved my doctor jermyn street from now
you like the white one yeah I bought the
white one on that walk if you haven't
seen the white one before oh yeah oh my
gosh you can either break off pieces
like this I said was in the beginning so
so good so such a good treat super
indulgent and you can show them 42 feet
ok oh you have one stick for you huh not
so anyway how was your day it was good
to the gym yeah are you wearing dr. K I
am where you okay oh you like yeah looks
nice Georgia share the last bit yeah
1mon bit for you one bit for me oh my
god kept it all myself that's a wee bit
yeah literally melts in your mouth so
good ok this is a really good question I
know how she knows about you which is
weird because we always have food and
talking together you would chua or a
vodka with a kinder bueno you have some
Kinder Bueno here by the way right I'm a
chewer like I don't let it like the
leader in my mouth yeah I just I'm just
like no no I feel like when I do just
like let it melt in my mouth yeah that's
when you really get the flavor it's just
interesting to know how different people
eat the chocolate ok i know so many
people does that put it in their mouth
and like that it melt but I'm like
number remember already know that many
really you have loads of impatient Freya
this is honestly such a fun day it was
like so I thought maybe usual monday i
don't know how i should continue the
evening because i feel like if you liked
really hope you guys have enjoyed this
vlog give it a thumbs up if you did
don't forget to subscribe and we will
see very very soon hi
you
