welcome back to the vlog I am currently
just sitting out on a lounge chairs just
in the jacuzzi
my dog is literally in heaven right now
she's so cute she's just like having the
best little nap I'll show you in a
second but I just thought it was vlog
today I'm finally on it spring break I
am so happy to not hospital for two
weeks and just to relax film just enjoy
Break I'm literally so excited um so
yeah I'm just sitting here right now I'm
not really doing anything just relaxing
I was just in the jacuzzi with my mom
and dad so today's plan I think I am
going to go to the market because I just
want to get like so much fruit and so
many vegetables and just like fill my
fridge with just like really really
healthy and good food especially now
that it's like so hot out and it's so
pretty out I'm just like ready to
obviously get into that health mode and
you know just basically I'm going to
pick my friend
Holden up from her hair probably later
and please let's just take a moment are
you in parity you in paradise she's just
like living look at this relaxed dog
this is the life right Bianca are you
just living a dog dream
look at the sky it's such a beautiful
day god I am just gonna put some
sneakers on and then go start my day
what do I want to wear oh I think I want
to have a little bit of it I'm going to
cut this up so I'm just in the car I am
going ahead to the market lots of fruits
also vegetables
just really refreshing and kind of food
I just got to the market I'm going to go
in just so good outside
my best friend is getting her hair dyed
right now and is going to pick her up
she's up to my house and left her wallet
oh my god it's all shaky I want to save
I just have time could maybe drop my the
groceries off at my house and they put
them in the fridge and stuff I am on my
way home now
can they send us text me so me she's not
no other hairs I hope we have time to go
home show you what I got from the
grocery store because personally I got
really interested I might just be really
nosy but I really like seeing what
people buy at the grocery store like
little grocery haul
I don't watch those videos just like a
grocery haul but in a vlog because we
kind of cute
hopefully I don't do that and I'm going
to go pick her up that was my workout
for today literally just bringing up the
groceries I'm today so hold any food to
Trevor and out so I can't show you
everything I got but I just thought I
would do like a little overview there's
like kind bars almond and the bananas
great corn tortillas for my tacos more
great pineapple and then more fruits and
vegetables more fruits and vegetables
more fruit I'm sorry I can't show you
what everything I got I really should go
put all this way and then go figure up
so yeah I'll keep you later okay I'm
back in the car going to pick up Holden
we're good so it's been a few hours I am
just leaving Holden's house right now
hopefully you can see if I have a lot of
that's done
like she's just doing it for money or
like any anybody call masada bother you
to pronounce me it's just so funny
because I don't think people realize how
many brand deals come through every day
that youtubers declined because they
don't genuinely know the product I love
the product but or at least personally
for me in like my friends that I know on
YouTube I want to go to outfits videos
soon I haven't done like fashion on my
channel like styling outfits in a while
so much stuff coming up this next week
because I'm on spring break which means
they don't have school during the week
I've now booked myself crazy look busy
for like work with my app or like
filming videos or taking meetings or
link press in the morning so oh my god
the squirrels don't you Oh squirrel move
up I actually took a little nap when
they got back from hold and you can
probably still see I look very tired and
I'm going back over the hill at 7:30 and
yeah I'm just going to go to her house
and pick her back up to facials for
their last chicken up I'm going back
together Jack can you come here I just
want any if you'd say hi to my blog no
I'm not lying
it will be so fun
do it and you're cool hahaha I love
Christmas we're just sitting here
wondering why we can't look like hurt
look this is this is my situation and I
will be uploading it okay so you guys
already know and I've already seen it by
now
um so it was exactly what I swear this
exam three
this is checkers and this is plaid and
why do I live in tomato and why do you
have the worst color webpack all winter
whatever's me okay oh my god I just got
home and put on really baggy come for
you clothing because these sweatpants
are some benefit and they're so cute
they ain't going to fit into and then my
fave sleep shirt I don't know where it's
from I think Ana send it to me a while
ago it's like 12:30
I'm really tired just go home so I'm
going to wash my face brush my teeth
my bathroom is so messy but I honestly
can't even be bothered so we'll just
clean that tomorrow I am just going to
write out on my computer I don't know if
I was talking about it earlier in the
blog but I'm just trying to plan I have
a lot of videos partnerships coming up
this month and just trying to plan out
my videos with Saturday night I
literally just hung out some best friend
have done nothing and it's been like so
enjoyable and yeah it's already won
again so I'm just going to do that and
go to sleep
thank you so much for watching I love
you guys and I'll see you in my next
video bye
