hi everyone welcome back today I'm so
tonight so I thought I would just talk
you through my outfit and then I can
also take you with me when I go to
studio later on so my first option was
this gorgeous dress and I decided not to
wear this in the end because the coats
that I liked was black and I wasn't sure
how I felt about mixing navy blue and
another occasion but unfortunately not
so the outfit that I've chosen to wear
going to wear this skirt right up on my
waist so that this top layer of the top
will kind of come over it and have my
my outfit so I will be getting dressed
and leaving quite soon my hair and
makeup is done I've just gone for a half
up half down style and curled it loosely
and just done my kind of everyday makeup
routine and the lipstick I'm wearing
today is honey love from Mac but before
I go I will put on a spritz of perfume
of course and the one I'm going to use
is Miss Dior which is one of my favorite
perfumes you can purchase this from very
also as well as a ton of other
fragrances so that's everything I've got
to show you that's my whole outfit that
I'm gonna be wearing tonight my taxis
coming in about an hour's time so I will
see you and I'm there so I'm just in the
car on my way to X Factor my
I cannot wait I'm so excited to see
fourth power then-wife ups it I said
again their fourth impact it's not
fourth power can't wait see how and
Louisa and Reggie in Bali Bali didn't we
pronounce it that's so good it's such
good year this year so cut way back
stage x-factor makeup room and they're
just rehearsing at the moment so and
we're just getting hyped up for the live
shows I'm so excited
so I'm just in the X Factor dressing
which is like clothes and shoot heaven
there is just a sparkle everywhere and
therefore all the different contestants
so we've got fourth impact here which is
quite empty actually because I think
that on at the moment or there abouts
going once I probably already dressed
you don't like a dimple everyone loves
dimples I know I have them so they've
got them another their faults very
beautiful charcoal has really big gun
please
so this is Gemma and I stylist on X
Factor probably the best job of the
whole show so I'm really blessed have
this job I love doing this show but I
think that we've got great contestants I
think we have a lot of fun I can imagine
having your favorite contestants to
style this year so far not other it
undeniably Shawn I know yes me as a
stylist that's a stylists dream so are
you actually seeing it on the show yes
I've been before okay I would say that
everybody and then I should get back Sam
you see exactly so what briefly like the
process you got to go out and buy all
these pieces no I know I mean we're
really lucky and obviously I work with a
team of stylists so great an amazing
team we've worked really closely
together I mean it is about pulling
knowing who to contact knowing where to
go and it's calling in a lot of favors
all the time so we've only customizable
you know chop things up and stop in
Monica's about something like that so
hopefully I've just created
that's a creation we created it I've
just seen your show you the bond feels
you looks incredible I'm so jealous
do you have one of your best style tips
for winter for my viewers I think best
style tip for winter is to um I always
think investing breakers I'm a girl all
about here and so I always say one great
pair of heels because actually they're
much comfier and so if you're going to
make a big investment do it in the heels
and then as a kind of a compact that
we've got something in your wardrobe I'm
a massive fan of layering I think it's a
great way to dress I think it creates
really good shapes and it's different I
like everything different
so I was like winter by great shoes and
having the wrong pony I almost either
feel no I should know I like well I mean
I'm so cool and I've been uncomfortable
I get to bother me thank you so much
okay thank you for coming thank you so
much
so it just in the car home it's like I
said it was so good I couldn't film
inside the studio because you're like
not allowed I didn't expect to get so
into it literally I was jumping and
screaming and laughing it was so fun the
favorite were Louise it was really good
this week pushy and every week which was
very good this week Reggie and Bowie
were like honesty we were on our feet
just going crazy throughout looks the
almanac group sure oh yeah we hate Nick
Grimshaw now because he insulted Max's
max stone song which was so good I'm
going to download it it was over the
rainbow I'm a wonderful world in the
room honestly it was so so good I'm Nick
it's so mean thing it was a good I had a
really good night and we know who are
voting for in a comment
