hi ready for breakfast what wait a
minute I seats these are really high in
protein to the fab and I tend to be
paying my breakfast on a smaller plate
now because when I have a big plate I
want more food it's the most miserable
day I'm not driving not driving and
today I'm going to London because
Stephen over here has got some jobs to
do something with an app and something
works always somebody is so I'm going to
head down it is the grossest of gross
days and I'm going to see Victoria I'm
we're going to train in the gym
afterwards so wish me luck
that's like my dream car guys even doing
it
Steve it check that car yeah so he's
ready for his meeting you can see
himself a professional cook Adam sugar I
don't from the changing room can I make
a people but there is Victor and we're
gonna kick her that she wants her sea
legs even though she's fabulous and she
does I want to look like Holly just
crazy are you open a day have you seen
this film no they haven't all done and
these with the Megan and that's Victor
I'm going to cover this in case is
anybody naked no one naked desert or how
did you do she enjoyed it I don't know
if you guys can hear the snoring lump in
the middle of our bed someone came into
a bed this morning and threw up well
leaving their little limp
good morning world he Arnaz driving he's
going to go meet Vancouver I am indeed
excited yeah gonna go catch up with a
boy have some food cause you're grumpy I
need some breakfast cuz I'm a grumpy
absolute grand bollocks at this amazing
location I've just been shooting here
and look at my sexy photographer who are
you guys
you are sexy kill you rather I'm gonna
tag in the photo so you guys can check
them out just taking some epic epic
shots of all these things in here which
I can't show you but they're exciting
and back and Harriet and I'm having
gear things with meat and tell them has
happened Ellis I bet it was okay I was
zoning in on the fish bait and you try
to find an on muddy route come on come
through here
that's it someone doesn't like it as
pearls muddy come on keep Kevin did you
do it that's it and we're up so it's
Saturday which means one thing
family walk in the woods and we're
looking Stephen he was sick last night
so hipping is gonna stick out in the mud
I grabbed my wellies on and Stephen is
pissing up everything and 90 at my
workout is front with broccoli and loads
of edge and a bitch feeds another half
of a key until the rice is firm day
which means one thing pancakes so we're
gonna have the whole of this one egg a
little bit of this 40 pounds of this
let's do this a little bit of color
Peggy
and we've made them you know you guys
like my Instagram pictures this is
basically what happens this is the kind
of thing that the undoes to Steven that
so this is but I'm like a weekly
tradition now we tire him out he's so
tired that we can get so much work done
hi Leon hello how are you oh hi how are
you fabulous
Steve examined I can't believe you put
on the side of the path I know I just
couldn't hold it any longer
hello hello having a little picnic oh my
god but going up this pop boom
well is it proper corn sweet and salty
hi popcorn Leon's a legend and he went
and bought us Nando's for tonight
because you've got lots of words to say
he's gone for chicken shit I've gone for
the rusty in the matte topee good job is
yeah loads of nap because I love naps
we've got Qi Gong planning sauce because
of our chili we've got the rice which
makes life so much easier
we've got beans we've got chickpeas
because I'm going to make something got
some salmon and some cut because I love
my fish so much um some green veggies
blueberries sort of cinnamon because I'm
going to be making something
halloumi medjool dates oats bananas
desiccated coconut cuz I'm making
something peppers tomatoes corn prawns
and was meant to get to somehow got four
and huge bottles of water boyfriends and
him what's happening
hello we're keeping hangout she's in a
bath just checking everything
according to plan so it's Sam and I'm
having this which is matcha green-tea
and I'm having a clicker for unity which
the mint one mainly for my breath
overnight oats today so this is a cold
cinnamon Oh
raisins blueberries and flaxseed and I
left it at fridge last night and I'm
gonna be having it after my first night
super hung big halloumi and loads of
vegetables and mismatched socks so
nothing to vlog because I've lit she's
my clients to even starving his food and
I'm going to have chilli returnee guys
all love and I'll be facing the rest
because so may be able ask me for the
recipe thanks tomatoes I see lunch lunch
time having last night's leftover chili
with a spectator no Tuesday Tuesday
night and Leon is in London so I'm gonna
meet my best friend and other best
friend for some dinner more nibbles and
some drinks and I've also got some
little gifts to give them cuz I was
using for ages so I will try to how if
you remember to film this dinner with
the best one please
Natasha sociable I'm having the worst
lap but Tony did i repair my same last
week but this week is broken beyond
repair so I'm carrying any future
painting or Apple to come and help me so
I can fix
yes I've heard one those days where you
lately about trying it so I'm going to a
guys where it's home of Fifty Shades of
Grey you challenge all of you to work
out what is for what part of your body
this is my ladies may not be able to be
in it half the collection she is okay
and look how look at this swinging from
the rafters okay I need to come and try
Pilates class so I did it
adding complete honesty I'm not about to
get hit by a car
so it's like 9 p.m.
I've just got home leon's Mejia and I
have done food prep for tomorrow
including breakfast and night in and it
took 10 minutes I let you did 3 chicken
breasts and I put it with lemon and
honey
and I put some tomato puree in with a
load of vegetables I've made my dinner
tonight
leon's for tomorrow and my lunch for
naughty and I've put the chocolate milk
I put blueberries in it up oats in it
Shia seeds and flax seed well I do now
is shake it up and pop it in the fridge
and I can have a breakfast tomorrow and
Steven is so stressed out it's Saturday
a and neither of you are leaving getting
wanting Stephen Kiley about saying mouth
wrinkles
walking this one today and as I can
tells me he's gonna need a bath because
it is so
