hi guys I hope you well and I hope your
baton is going well it's literally the
end of Ramadan I can't believe it went
so fast today I am attempting at coming
back into the whole blogging thing and
please don't penalize me about this I am
trying to do this still feel like my
life is that interesting so I just don't
end up vlogging and I know a lot of you
guys want to see that so I will try to
do that a lot more in the near future
slug is going to be quite interesting
it was two videos ago um I am so humbled
by the response I've got from this
collection you guys have been so
supportive every season celebrating his
collection with me and I absolutely love
the fact that everybody's coming
together on this I absolutely love the
fact that people are appreciating my
creativity I know I completely
understand what people don't really get
it because some people don't understand
creativity and that's absolutely fine
but I love the fact that so many people
came out to support me it's how many
people voiced their support and
everything all social media which is
brilliant and I love seeing that other
than showing you guys the enemy
connection today is gonna be quite as a
day me and my intern are working on
packaging orders to get into you as soon
as possible and also I can't wait to use
this wrong facial that I've been using
recently and I absolutely love it such a
good idea by the way I'll show you guys
all about it abate I know you guys all
want to see what I do for my skin I'm
going to show you guys a little
in-studio facial at the end of the video
so make sure you stay into that because
honestly the weather the past few days
has been absolutely disgusting my skin
feels so gunky and like oily and my paws
feel so clogged so I just can't wait to
use something for my skin I'm not been
taking care of my skin that much for the
past few days because I've been so busy
with this
election but today I'm going to take
some time off during my work and get my
skin feeling fresh out further ado I'm
going to be showing you this element
collection behind the scenes I went to
the most amazing team on this campaign
and I can't wait for you guys to see how
it will happen and I can't wait to do
some more work with these people they're
honestly so talented I'm so grateful for
them and I hope you guys enjoy the clips
I hope you enjoy the rest of the vlog
make sure you keep watching to the rest
of the vlog see my facial and make sure
you keep watching to see the behind the
scenes at the element collection
so way back here and I just went ran off
to do a few errands and we're still
working on the orders well Hipparchus
working on the waters
I've been running errands and so far
we've done packaged all of these still
got lots of orders to go through I'm
gonna I'm tryna send as much as I can
tomorrow so that some of you guys
receive them before I eat okay so yeah
which we're working really hard on this
this is the perfume were using on all
orders these are the ones today there's
about 35 or 36 packages here so I'm
gonna do that right now these are some
packages are ready to be filled with
scarf these are all the scars we have at
the moment but yeah I'm gonna do that
now so hopefully you guys will get you
ordered before a lot of people first get
they what is blade
hey guys
so it's the end of the day I've kind of
changed my scarf again I feel like I've
chained my stuff today so many times and
I'm feeling super exhausted and tired I
am oily and gunky and horrible and the
weather's been really horrible today so
I'm gonna give myself a little in-studio
facial using the born face spa I
recently started using this and I
absolutely love it guys should
definitely get hold of this as I hate
gift or bet they give to someone you
love it's coming up so soon so this is
like the perfect gift especially someone
who spends a lot of money to go and get
all off they shovels the best part of it
is you can do wherever you want I'm
doing in my studio out I also do at home
sometimes I love how compact and small
it is I can just travel with it wherever
I want so of course my skin is
completely clean I'm just going to show
you quickly what comes in this little
bag the device comes with an epilating
attachment it also comes with two other
attachments such as the cleansing
attachment and a massaging attachment
which looks like this I'm gonna start by
cleansing my skin because obviously I
have all this grubby stuff on my skin
which I'm not happy with right now so
I'm gonna go on down to my skin and I'll
be right back so I'm gonna put on this
attachment which allows muting to change
between the cleanser attachment and the
massage attachment cleansing with the
machine is actually like six times
better than cleansing your fingers on
the cleanser I'm using today is
something a little bit harsher than
normal than a gentle cleanser that I
would usually use this is the Mourad AVH
ehh exfoliating cleanser like that
I'm going to go and wash my face and
quickly come back I'm going to take off
the cleansing head and I'm going to put
on the massaging hair to the massage
extension I'm just going to add another
small dollop of the Murad cleanser this
attachment really helps with tightening
the skin on my face feels so good after
that massage this removes four times the
amount of hair that a normal waxing does
so that's the end of the day for me I
hope you guys enjoyed spending the day
with me and seeing what I get up to I am
Supergirl so I'm usually going to go
home and sleep like a baby today and let
me know if you'd like to see more vlogs
like this thank you guys so much for
watching and supporting and I'll see you
guys in my next video bye
