good morning guys so today I'm going to
be doing another blog because I just
really loved the feedback on the last
one and I feel like I don't know it was
just something that you guys liked and I
was totally in the mood to do one today
so I just woke up and I did my morning
routine and all that so now I got my
coffee my coffee
got my laptop and oh what is that
I got a package that I really want to
show you guys so I'm gonna open that
right now okay so this package is from
lack of color and they're an Australian
brand that makes it cats oops this is
gonna be so hard to open okay oh my god
alright I might have to set you guys
down and then kind of just show you
what's inside so I'm very sorry there's
this so nice already oh my god let's
take it out though so I can show you
that's properly Oh My Damn
have you ever seen a hat looks so good
I am really I'm feeling it right now yay
cool cool cool I think I'm gonna hang it
up there because it's so cute and I'm
trying to make my like wardrobe more
fall now even though I'm not trying to
make it to fall because September is
still hot as hell so I just want falling
guys so today I honestly don't really
know them doing I don't want it to be
too much like the last vlog because I
feel like that was just me you know
running errands and everything but that
might be what it is today
I'm really not sure I have to go food
shopping and shower and honestly that's
basically it but hopefully it'll be more
eventful than that
I see I see
countess I've been gone
so I definitely want to take a flat life
for this hat but what's up lying to do
it I cleared off everything almost
everything on this table because I feel
like maybe I could do it flat lay this
way but I'm gonna add some accessories
to basically I'm giving you a
behind-the-scenes right now of how I
would take a flat lay of this um but
it's kind of like trial and error as
well
okay so I added a vintage camera a book
like a vintage antique book and a candle
so I'm hoping that's gonna be good I
don't know okay so I took some I kind of
just changed it up a little bit like I
took some from far away so I guess we
will see if I like any of these and then
I guess you will see - based on if I
Instagram now I'm working on a blog post
I am so blah being oriented today I'm
just really feeling inspired almost and
yeah so this is gonna be a what's on my
rack oh just because I kind of updated
the rack a little bit and I just want to
show you guys how I'm slowly
transitioning kinda like I said before
actually slowly transitioning away from
summer pieces and kind of trying to
incorporate all now I know August just
started but I'm just feeling so
unbelievably fall inspired oh you know
it could be a fun thing also the little
bulletin boards
however here is just hanging necklaces
which I like but at the same time it
kinda gives me a little OCD because it's
just all these necklaces I don't know I
don't know does it give you guys I was
seeing years I just literally me being
crazy so I was thinking about making
this an inspiration board and taking
these necklaces and putting them in my
closet somewhere maybe even like just on
a hanger that would be such a nice thing
to do today actually I'm really gonna
think about that so I just finished the
blog post and I did post a picture Jesus
so this is the one I want with I
honestly really really really like it
just so calm I'm seriously I'm gonna
turn into the shower now and then I'll
probably go food shopping a little bit
of food shopping that I have to do I
literally have to get fruit and mac and
cheese and that's it I basically just
look like one big towel when I get out
of the shower
seriously
hi guys so what here is my makeup very
simple I didn't even put eyeliner on
because I just wasn't feeling it but I
did a little subtle pink eyeshadow and
then let me show you okay so my outfit
is very scholarly I feel like kind of
accessories because I didn't want to do
anything crazy but yeah so I'm gonna
start my journey I'm gonna go get fruit
and food and that's probably it
hi guys so I am back from my little
shopping extravagant not really I
literally did not get that much stuff um
I just got some mac and cheese and
goldfish cuz it's literally what I live
off of and then I got raspberries
strawberries and like four bananas which
is good because then I can just like
make smoothies and then I was walking
around New York City with this freaking
huge
like bushel of branches but I'm gonna
show you what I'm gonna do with them but
they're so cute so I'm gonna unwrap them
now and then I will show you guys what
my plan is
hey guys so I was gonna put those
bushels in the like entryway right when
you walk in but they just do not look
right so I have them in this cute little
watering can from Ikea just in this
little corner because it is a pretty
plain corner and in the hats right up
there so I kind of like how it looks
like that alright peeps so I cleared off
my board I have my necklaces like
hanging on a hanger now in my closet and
I'm so ready to get this shit like done
so I got my setup
goldfish and my laptop and my printer
I'm gonna go grab some scissors and
maybe even tape and like pens and stuff
and yeah I am so excited about this
alright guys the mood board is done I am
so happy with it
it took me honestly almost an hour to
actually do this whole thing because I
just like it was kind of trial and error
because some photos I didn't like in
some places and then like I'd have to
cut them out a certain way but I'm so
happy with this one it's a little bit
autumn inspired but it's also just kind
of like color scheme that I love and I'm
trying to go for all right guys I think
I'm actually gonna end the vlog here
just because I'm super tired and I'm not
really feeling too well I haven't been
feeling the best this weekend I think
I've just been like running around
non-stop so I'm gonna end it here
um and I'm sorry because this probably
not as long as the last one but I still
hope you like that just as much I
seriously love doing these so let me
know what you guys want to see next week
even if it's another vlog type just let
me know ok love you and thanks for
watching bye
