hello guys we are starting off today's
vlog by doing something and super
exciting but super weird they are on the
way to the car dealership my little
sister you guys all know her she's 15
years old I think of her as being like
eight but she is 15 so we were actually
going to look at cars for her just so
she can kind of get an idea of like what
she might want when is she turned 16 she
just got her permit like a few days ago
and she really she her birthday was in
Maine but yeah so she just got her
permit I just cannot and will never
accept the fact that she's growing up so
but yeah we're gonna go to the car
dealership check out some cars I guess
maybe she'll test drive some I would not
want to get MacArthur do you like it me
you're gonna get a blue one
it'll come in different colors they give
you bean that's a dog toy we thought you
were a dog what color car do you want I
don't know he's all brown I definitely
don't want the Boyle
yeah we're not fans of the blue I don't
know maybe just like just get white oh
yeah black show me your nails no wow
let's see look said this is a good one
I didn't mean to you
that long this one's fine me do you like
these ones yeah there's a black one
yeah I like the black or just the white
I don't know I don't really know that
much about cars
yeah me neither letting Luke handle are
they locked yep we're getting in comment
down below this lighting is really bad
if you guys I don't like the smell of a
new car do you be you only make we're
driving to a parking lot
Luke's driving to a pocket also a Rican
I love how my truck smells car
dealership and then she's gonna drive so
you've got your screen up there on the
front you've got hat why are you so
close to me he's documenting Luke just
said Europe Avery he got out to switch
and dad says I don't want to get in the
car what'd you say right that's the
brake gas right break left
Wow okay everyone needs to like don't
forget cuz I might hand on this yeah in
case we get into trouble the PRNDL
near your neutral D Drive I'm scared I
still gonna cry I don't even give me a
desk just take your foot off the brake
all the way now put on the gas don't run
into the poll looks putting on his seat
belt - oh my gosh what do you think Ben
you're gonna be the only one who can't
drive now something they don't teach you
in driver's ed is that see how there's
grass up there you just push on the gas
really hard you'll just go right over
the draft yeah
and it's kind of just a shortcut it
saves you gas so then you don't have to
go all the way out and around another
car is approaching good job you didn't
hit it okay there's a speed bump you
have to slow down over the speed bumps
speed over oh yeah good job little buddy
the emergency brake has been pulled you
gotta look for cars so you can't just
look stop being you said you're not
scared anymore never mind
stop sign was just passed and then no
stop was made second like he did in the
middle of the in the middle section the
stop was made you pay attention to
driving first time trying to park
turning Metin technique right now we
check the lines this lines okay someone
solid okay so I decided to come and meet
Jared and Cassidy we're doing some
skateboarding because this is something
that we all love to do Cassie's got her
snacks you're snacking on tortilla chips
huh
why are you snacking because she's
eating for two
that's why she's snacking eight-months
what dare you do the 27 november 27
that's crazy
guys I don't want to be a complainer
about my new computer but I'm kind of
hating it because look at all this extra
crap that I have a lot of this is just
like from camera stuff but these things
come unplugged so easily it's crazy I
was trying to show you guys how they
come unplugged you're just like oh I'm
not even filming they come out like a
tiny minute it disconnects like
everything I'm working on this thing we
got it at Best Buy at the guy at the
Apple Store like recommended that we get
this really don't like it it's been
really really hard I've just basically
been sitting here and like editing and
doing computer stuff in the past like
literally I think like four or five days
I'm just on the computer all day getting
stuff done and I was editing my video
for the week which is up now I'll link
it down below the testing I seen on tv
products but I was editing and I had
almost the entire thing done and that I
needed to film something else
I wasn't filmed it and then it had like
unplugged all my stuff I hadn't even
touched it I seriously swear like don't
touch the computer and then it just
tells me my stuff's unplug and I'm like
making sure that it's like plugged in
and really steady and I'm not like being
crazy and it just comes unplugged I went
to go open my library back up and try
all cut and it was like oh this library
is damaged it can't like read this
folder it was like I thought it was gone
but then it gave me an option to open
like a backup file so I could do that
but then it wasn't like as far I didn't
is like what I had already done so far
I'm not sure about this computer
she's been really frustrating because I
literally will sit here and like not
even be moving and it'll be like oh your
hard drives been unplugged and then I'll
like click the ok button or like eject
or whatever and then it just keeps keep
saying it over and over again even when
I'm not moving so it's been a little bit
frustrating but I think after today I
will finally be it caught up with all of
my work trying to figure out some kind
of new schedule or new system for just
like working and editing so I feel like
I'm not vlogging anything but me like
sitting and talking and I know you guys
like that but I don't want that in
everything the vlog for like the entire
vlog like I want to do stuff and like
just like live life like vlog what I'm
doing instead of just like talking to
the camera like that
it I'm trying to figure out a new
schedule but I have to like get caught
up first so I'm working on our Bali vlog
right now I asked on Twitter if you guys
wanted to see a travel diary or travel
guide so I was just waiting where is my
phone it's only been a couple hours but
let me see what is winning so far I need
to get this done okay travel diary is
winning so far I have started on that so
I'm just gonna get that done I did a
blog post which I'll link down below and
we have some other exciting stuff for
the store we're planning like some
shoots we're planning a really fun trip
I'll talk to you guys more about it
later once we actually book it I'll tell
you like before it's even happening and
stuff cuz it's kind of far away but I'm
super excited so there's lots of
exciting stuff happening but I just like
literally I've been sitting on the
computer all day for like five days
straight trying to get caught up try to
finish hopefully I get done today so I'm
out here in the lower garage of Aspen's
mom's house which is actually where we
started Luke and grey I wanted to show
you guys this is where Luca and grey
started in this garage and then also in
this little storage room which is where
Luka and grey all started which is so
crazy like you always see the big
stories of all the crazy companies that
started out up garage and grew into
these great big companies and to think
that we started here it's so cool to see
it like where we are now with Luca and
grey we're in this great big warehouse
and we have all the space and all these
employees and it's just really cool to
see where it started at and to see where
it is now we're gonna be up here at
Aspen's mom's house for a couple more
days it's been nice we've been hanging
out just spending time with Aspen's
family I've been playing a lot of
basketball with TAV Aspen's little
brother we've done a lot of picking up
kids from school and just helping out
since Aspen's mom has been recovering
she's just been resting laying down she
just had surgery that's gonna be it for
our vlog today thank you guys so much
for watching if you guys enjoyed today's
vlog give it a thumbs up and also if
you're not subscribed subscribe to our
channel guys we post really fun and cool
videos of traveling and life and
everything so make sure you guys are
subscribed we will see you guys in our
next video bye guys
