hey guys from Wimbledon I've never been
here before and luckily for me that
of one woman I'm going to be taking you
through the hill the food the fashion
the experience I want to be filming the
actual tennis because you don't need to
watch that for me but I'll be showing
you everything else and it is so fast
it's about 29 degrees it's so hot that
I'm so happy we get
so I picked up all my food and I'm
everything it's like they knew I only
really do fish in bed so all the fish
all the veg and there's still more food
over there so I'm going to be checking
this out because I think I missed this
last dish I missed this one
oh it can't have it's chicken but still
I could totally have the salmon so it's
happening feet I'm going to skip the
sandwiches for them social but I'm going
to get some strawberries with some cream
and my definitely pecans oh my gosh look
at these cute okay what is this like a
healthy thing Battenberg and I don't
even know what this is this is confused
oh my get a second up using that oh I
would come to Wimbledon just butter yet
XR just for the afternoon see Reese's so
you there well people hanging from I
have chosen do which me Rebecca go snack
on so I don't know what it is but it
looks amazing
so we had the best afternoon tea and
mystics into donating everything and the
strawberries and then I saw the towels
which I'm loving and I was taking some
photos so they want to remember it then
we're going to go find Roger Federer
right like Rebecca's like don't talk to
me we're going to find Roger Federer
find him hunt him down and watch him and
then to get something together I think
so
- and the excitement of Wimbledon
managed to lose her camera and decide
like a dress and was running around or
walking down steps probably not the best
time to do this I managed to leave it in
the suite but silly me thought I left it
on the hill events so much that I'm back
I have you goes back so let me know what
to get me to go into break right now
that was going representing suppose I
have tennis put in so much work if one
likes rings out with every family and
everyone relaxes so English so
kind of like angry gentlemen is healthy
so it's time for day two I've just
dropped my luggage off here just so
handy scrubs checking out the men's days
we have a massive suitcase but there's
love you ladies can look after it and
now we're going to head through do the Q
which is a huge experience it's very
British it's quite fun so going to that
Beth and then head straight
so it's time to go check out the women's
match which should be epic just gotta
water because it is boiling my plan is
to think of its Alice I'm so we'll get
reconnected the request awareness part
she was amazing a tree all the way
through and I really feel that
effectiveness of service maybe that was
so normal something I like to do it this
and we're done I'm not actually happy
about that but unfortunately living no
disease we have to get home the best if
you love it it's pretty much I would
love to come again guys and I don't know
if you've ever thought about coming and
maybe it's not even interesting tennis
as to be totally honest I'm not but now
I love it and if that was pittance the
whole English thing and obviously the
weather really helps so we're going to
grab our luggage we're gonna get on the
train
a huge thank you to everyone for having
me it's been so much fun and I hope you
guys enjoyed this video let me go
Hey
and
ah
you
