morning everyone
so Ali's still asleep upstairs I'm
having a coffee it's about 6:30 7:00 in
morning and having a coffee on the sofa
and he would kill me but I'm just going
to finish up having this and then I'm
going to jump in the shower because I've
got to wash my hair and get ready to go
to Birmingham so there should be quite a
fun day you fell really excited and just
looking outside at our new garden for
the first time I knew front garden I'll
take you out there to see it so I'm just
going to take you outside quickly and
show you my gonna stay with me show you
the new garden Oh
okay so I can't actually tread on me
patio yet because it's still like yeah
okay the dog gonna show you so this is
the front of our house I don't think
I've ever shown in front of my house and
that's because I didn't like it because
it used to look like on that but yes I
we did we've got the 3G grass which is
this stuff here and which means
obviously but there's no pot yesterday a
shade garden this little plaque can you
read it Mimi is on God she likes to
guard the skirt staircase just in case
somebody comes to steal with the bin bag
everything called clear Lum gnomes yeah
we safe are we safe oh that's the
question you've been doing a job
properly
so this is what I'm wearing today to go
to the NEC I always get cold when I'm in
the NEC so I thought I would put on well
actually no it's just an excuse I can
wear this coat I really want to wear it
out I'm wearing my Chloe boots and if
they're not in focus
yeah they're very employed okay yeah my
Burberry trench coat and and I've got
the sleeves rolled up on it and then my
burberry scarf and a Jaeger cashmere
knit and I'll probably work with my
Chanel bag as well I mean it if what
would share this little tip with you if
your arse is a little bit too tight for
the jeans what you do pull em up like
this just do a square this is our ally
stretches his jeans apparently I just go
doing this so how is that working for
you Ally right love lumps be good no
parties no boys and definitely no
alcohol okay
good girl see you when I get back let me
just
on the hallway sighs feel a bit nervous
now because
people that obviously they're not going
to be that see me but like it's just
gonna be played back that excites us I
haven't been any card yards
round out that makes it
go back on the roundabout okay and yeah
so excited to go because I haven't
Bentley is it something you're not
coming in with me is now
are we going to go shopping afterwards
we're going to go to the bullring and
stuff so once it's finished to the rainy
of the NEP for three hours so one st
shopping around around shine elected
Master
oh shit
okay so I have arrived at a show in
Birmingham and I'm here
and I'm on the stand in front of the
and in piston style studio and I'm with
all of the
new accessory
and it fit that
and I've actually been given one of the
handbags
yeah well to have one of the Olympic on
back so we're just going to go yeah so
it's really good at the moment and sans
looks so useful if you like pastel
colors so I'm going to show you that now
this is the these are the pictures of
the new accessory which looked like
suspiciously like the Saline box bag and
we've got one of the need ones say I'm
here
and I think I'm going to get myself back
I have put on my hammer now I've got one
of the hand straps if you've ever
noticed in my Instagram pictures I
rapidly run around my wrist and
finished up at the moisture and throw
that we love so much when I was there
because it was a bit intense but now we
are in the bullring and we're going to
get the food for the habit of anything
I'm going to feed my face beat
absolutely everything and then maybe the
businessman shopping so I guess in come
with us
so we've just finished Inyo sushi I
actually couldn't vlog before we ate
because I was so hungry that I couldn't
wait the chicken way so I was just
grabbing stuck option and a about and so
you can see what I ate but I thought I'm
gonna oh yeah
that's what we had just a snag but yeah
I I feel so shafted and I'm just I feel
like an epigram really how do you
probably tell you guys better ground
it was yummy we've just got back to the
car and I didn't really snap from snap I
didn't really vlog when I was out
shopping because I didn't actually want
to be there at all my feet oh my god
I can't express to you how much they
hurt I don't think Ali realized how much
my feet hurt
I'd obviously been on them all day at
the clothes show and I can I can't even
now I've taken my shoes off and I thank
her so much and I just didn't want to
shop so I I didn't find really anything
I just bought something for the sake of
it but I don't know why bear the moment
I bought this thing about foundation so
oh that was really good holding the
camera not very good at this vlogging
Milwaukee and but I decided to treat
myself to any foundation even though I
just treated myself to a new foundation
but I want to try another one so I got
the Charlotte hello pop music yeah it's
just showing than my foundation and
telling them how you do I understand
that my feet are he doesn't understand
yeah I got the Charlotte Tilbury magic
foundation and he don't understand is
that why did by me nice to me and yeah
so I got that got myself at and I'm
gonna try that out tomorrow morning um I
just couldn't enjoy myself my feet I
just can't go how much my feet hurt and
then I hadn't eaten all day I'm a turkey
so yeah we're going to finally head home
hopefully we'll be able to watch X
Factor when we get home and I'll be able
to edit this I'm hoping that there's
gonna be ice cream maybe cake okay
Oh Jeanette cakes
maybe see you in a bit so I thought I
would show you guys what it's like to
come home when you have a Bengal cat
I've just got back from Birmingham and
opened the front door to this
that's our lovely Christmas tree on the
floor because this one thinks it's a toy
leave me
doesn't have a care in the world that
she's ruined Christmas I just can't
believe it
