I don't know I'm doing this last time I
tried to balance everything in my hand a
smash my iPhone today I probably got
like 8000 pounds left four cameras
balanced on one arm in the exact spot
that I smash my iPhone two days ago
what the heck am I do end oh did you see
that but I'm putting the camera away
we managed to get everything into the
office without dropping any cameras
which is a positive start to the vlog I
still haven't got my iphone fix it's
still completely than if you can see
that smashed out anyways got the new
microphone stuff over here I've got some
microphone stands that arrived this
morning I'm absolutely loving to go to
the new microphones I've got a couple of
cameras to test out different camera
options the reason why I'm filming is
showing you all of this by the way is
because I want you to know that I'm
being serious when I say that I want my
points blog channel to relaunch I am
actually making effort into making it
come back and then I've just got this
here so that I can do some official
proper planning look it is
today today is a big day for me
everybody today is a delivering exciting
day I feel like I haven't even said good
morning good morning how you doing
what you up to oh my I can't think
straight
wait the Knighton doesn't look good the
lighting doesn't look good that way let
me sit down here and have a chat with
you yeah today's the day today is the
bloomin pay what the heck how is it
coming around so damn quickly if you
wonder what I'm talking about today for
me yesterday for you is the day that my
new book the pointless book 3 is
available to buy is available it's out
it's on it's on the shelves is in store
this it's on Amazon it's in W sniffs
water this is crazy this is crazy I've
got this delivered today and I haven't
properly opened it yet as you can see as
you know I gave away my copy of money
book to a friend of mine Sophia I can
finally give my family and friends a
copy of the new book tonight I'm meeting
500 of you 500 of you guys that watch
these videos in Brighton in my home town
where I grew up the water sounds that
I've always gone to to get books to get
school pencil cases and pencils and my
uncle WH Smith I'm doing a book signing
in today but that's crazy
and there's going to be 500 of you that
I'm getting the chance to meet which is
super exciting I don't even know what
else to say
like I'm just I can't think straight
today Twitter is going insane because
obviously all of you guys who
pre-ordered a signed copy of the book
receiving that today so my mentions is
like full of just signed copies of books
and people like screaming videos of
people like screaming when their postman
delivering the book and like people open
in the book and see my signature in the
front page and being so happy all of the
work and the hours that's gone into
making this happen it's coming alive
today it's coming it's becoming a
reality
today I've been throwing out some stuff
from my car insurance I've been sorting
out new video bits it is fine time for
me to head back home to go grab some
lunch
see this is where I break things I
balance everything so that I don't have
to use my hands
having done my morning backflip well
right let's prop home let's go get some
lunch
all right back in the office just had
lunch and I'm trying out today a fairly
new thing that's weird to have which is
like Twitter video Q&A so it's basically
you guys tweet me with a certain hashtag
and of course I chose the hashtag the
pointers book 3 and apparently I can
reply with videos to your two weeks that
was the whole point with this book I
wanted you guys to be properly heavily
involved in the process and coming up
with the ideas some of you guys even
feature in the book itself like I've got
a book here and if I go to page oh no I
just lost the page great fight ok here
we go
here's one this page here was designed
look my best look fab seen like wanted
you guys that watch my blogs is in the
in fact there's multiple of you I just
showed you one but yeah so that's yes
we'll finish up in my Twitter Q&A went
incredibly well I've got 16 minutes
until I go to my my Brighton book
signing I'm about to apply some ballista
plasters I haven't got any blisters at
the moment but I know that if I wear
shoes without socks I'm going to get a
blister so I'm just putting one on in
advance so that I don't get a blister
I'm going to wear these new shoes that
I've never actually worn before today
only the best for my book signing you
know only the best like that little tag
off oh oh yeah these are comfy there's
not really many opportunities I get
anymore to like properly meet a lot of
you guys in a safe environment not just
like whilst walking around town excited
to see you all all good to go me is a
squeaky hello Missy
good bye see you later alright I'm off
I'm off to my siding just before I go I
need to have one good luck backflip
hook which is not allow eyes perfect
because the condition about all a broke
it so as oh crap guys look how sick
whether this is the backdrop looks so
cool
Chloe is number one in line this is have
it here there we go I love your top as
well that is it I'm home this happen
giving it click all of these presents
know that you're crazy you do not have
to bring me presents and chocolate and
cards and that is insane thank you so
much that was that was so fun you guys
are just so like energetic and excited
and 500 people today are so yet
the inner bear let me put your nests on
the window so I can drive and talk at
the same time pride plug this thing in
don't even know where it goes my car
even have like a smoke in then there we
go phone uncharged car keys in the car
seatbelts on
so I'm off to don't get some dinner I
don't normally go where I'm about to go
but it's a special day
it's my launch day the day my book is
come out I've just done a book signing
to 500 of you hey they're gonna get them
a chicken sandwich Mel please with a
sprite um could I also get I think
that's it I think that's all good
hey music thanks so much Andy Cheers I
but all I can think in my head is it's
not worth it if I want to have a summer
body don't do this to yourself our feet
don't do that
so at the last second I've bottled out
and I got Zoey what she wanted and I was
like nope there is a waitress right
nearby so I've just driven to waitress
I'm currently parked in the carpark my
mind is telling me to get out the car
and walk to Waitrose and go buy some
healthy food and cook it when I get home
but my heart and my nose my nose
especially oh my god it smells so good
and my heart is telling me Alfie man
it's a big day go get yourself a Bloody
McDonald's if you want to McDonald's I
don't know what to do I wish this was
lives that you guys can comment down
below right now whether I go to
McDonald's I go to Waitrose healthier
food but I have to wait until they get
home and then I also have to cook it
unhealthy food right now and I can eat
it as soon as I get home oh my god okay
then yeah no yeah hey good thank you
you called the star at work why everyone
was like oh my god you look come on a
fight
Kelsey days on this is my monastery
about there
ah so I get in an item or hide again
don't mind just natural yet he was a
chicken victory because I've been
watching YouTube apologize nine really
remember seeing you and then I do get
this assignment
oh yeah no so awesome thank you so much
later I don't even know if you could
tell what was going on
Oh cute couples goals the girl romantic
this dinner is Jurgen goes fear
seriously Bible of a book came out today
and celebrating with a McDonald's
takeaway
Oh
