hello it's been in Hamburg Ben Marcus
hello beautiful sexy people welcome to
vlog welcome to Germany well the
beautiful room well to a beautiful girl
I'm going to vlog today because doing
very exciting well you obviously know is
from the title also got a really cool
pimple here yeah make up with Marcus
hello hi yeah sure I will show you out
the room in a minute
welcome to my education this is the
lovely look how nice this is on fire
this lighting is good it makes your
faces are very smooth my face is very
smooth and shiny shiny looking so far
this is a hole in my face
I think it's because I just did the
whole so it's like not even skin over it
yeah so just been makeup under my face
that's kind my cuticle so then it looks
even I don't think so does it look like
to you
just when I think when you have that
there everything on it that is just
around Matt now people think I'll give
you have room to oh well I ruin your
hands yes now you can put on my shit
today
I don't like a train driver you could be
from humbug Shih Tzu quite well yeah I
have the biggest head in the world if
you didn't know we're staying in look
for the Four Seasons aka the that one
that German ones bei Sagan this is we
have like three entrances are blocked
cheap hiding in head to look this is one
entrance of a beautiful bed and a lovely
bathroom
I believe but look at it I've never seen
Hotel TV toilet TV toilets when you're
doing your surfing to watch them also
look tell me what jacuzzi bath that's
cool the view of omberg lovely fountain
we're going to go and explore now one
way to tattoo and then we have a Hopf
lovely another TV we have another
bathroom toilet then this is where it
gets even crazier look does anyone want
comfort dinner literally we've got a
whole other entrance up there as well
so yeah pretty sick all right let's get
a handbag please pardon in one yeah
literally bull oh yeah vehicle even over
years you know the baby with a little
bit but you can always be animated again
you know like that from
got to be that big
nothing fun
and effective Latrell yeah honestly like
the end nothing what what bye no it has
to make this man if I'm a sexy phone
living on for maybe an hour now
certainly fine I think we have maybe two
other pain and climate she says help a
little break that this is how it and so
forth
shading the line so food and make Wow
it's insane I don't even like I just
don't know what to say I can perform
yeah now going to finish the hand and
then we do the ring and then the faith
must so amazing how so
it's like so when you rub it now some
skin like better and work oh yeah
as much here it's pretty cool yeah okay
they're cleaning up to smash them
details and the most of the Lord God and
the shadows is so good so so cool so
break and chill and tattoo right it's
been 24 hours I have to leave this on 24
hours so now I take it off oh wow what
the hell it's like peeling skin off
oh my god
ah shit it
ah water and now back home with my tat
that I love so this is a few days on
there like I've shown you this so many
times but is the whole video about this
so it's just three days after now and
I'm just like creaming it like twice a
day the guy gave them cream and stuff
I'm really excited to see how it heals
and yeah I just like it so that is the
end of this vlog if you've enjoyed it
make sure to give video a thumbs up
subscribe if you're new and let me know
if you want see more vlogs other than
that Oh see you guys tomorrow
good bye
