doesn't ask them look so cute wearing my
sweater what's up so anyways yes accent
looks beautiful in my sweaters I love it
today's vlog is starting off at 7:00
p.m. at night and we're about to make
some dinner so we are making a toasted
brown rice bowl we have been really busy
today pretty much just like working all
day but like working from home getting
random stuff done so Parker got all cute
and ready I was like if you know how
well I think I look cute and ready I do
we are going to be making some Hello
talking about it's just finding like
little things we can do together to like
spend time together because right before
we started filming this like I've been
sitting on the couch editing stuff like
for the past few hours Parker's been in
his office what were you doing in there
I edited my video yeah so like we both I
got my whole video edited and yeah so be
ready for that they both you've been
like home kind of working with being by
ourselves so I'm excited for us to cook
together I always love cooking but like
I always say I'm not good at it and you
just see a garlic crab your Christine
what is this it won't go away I'm okay
I'm hungry are you ready so like I was
saying I've been trying to think of just
some like easy fun things that we can do
together just to like spend like a
quality time together and this is
perfect because it's just like something
easy something small I something we like
how to do ahead to eat food and cook
dinners and we like food and we like
dinners yeah I'm really hungry right now
and dry all produce 3 the oven to 400
degrees I mean we have to get a large
pot of water and bring it to a boil the
meal take like 30 minutes or less this
one today takes a little bit longer it
takes 50 minutes but it looks really
delicious I love rice so where you
supposed to cover rice when you prepare
oh oh oh our apron for our aprons this
is the brand-new one you didn't know won
everything with every single ball yeah
so okay step wash wash and dry all
produce we have a carrot we have some
green beans and we have scallion
we just got our cashews out of the oven
they smell so good that's probably my
favorite nuts you have a rice cooking we
have all of our stuff over here
okay so we're done making the food and
we're about to take our first bite it
smells really good and we're good I'm so
freakin hungry right now are you ready
yeah okay ready that's like really tasty
I really love the passion yeah ready
start
I didn't think it would be it is like
tasteful but it's very very tasteful
it's got a lot of flavor so again you
guys can go to the link in the
description hello fresh calm and use the
code app from Parker 34 $30 off your
first week of deliveries shots which is
really good definitely okay so I wanted
to show you guys some things that I
picked up from our store I basically
like went shopping there and got a whole
bunch of stuff so I want to show you
guys we are actually going to California
tomorrow we are doing issue with my
friend JC so we only have a couple items
on this racks it's our first shoot that
we're doing like not in a studio I'm
kind of nervous and I didn't want to be
too crazy so I think we have two models
and then just like five outfits for each
girl so those are over there we're
leaving this tomorrow and then we're
coming home like the next day so we're
literally not I'm going to be there for
24 hours and then these over here I
ordered some prints for our room and I
did not get the right size they are huge
yeah that's up so I do a little mini
haul though the first thing I got is
this jean jacket it is so so so cute I
love how it's like distress I thought
that was adorable so I got this little
tank that I'm wearing it's really soft I
love the material I always like to be
super comfy so usually if I'm shopping
for some type of basic it has to be like
a really really really comfy material so
this material is really nice this is
just like super basic like red tank top
and then I also have a dress that's in
the same color this is our Havana nice
dress and I really like it I love really
really simple basic pieces so this is
just like the same color has a little
tie in the front it's like a mini dress
and this is literally just the perfect
summer dress for me because you just
throw it on and you'd go out the door I
have a couple other dresses that are
like that so that's from our summer
collection and so it's the jacket and
then this dress is too so this would be
perfect for like the beach or the pool
or just like any time you need to just
like throw something on it's just like
this really simple gray may dress my
favorite part is
I really like the back it has like the
little typing so yeah I'm obsessed with
this but I think I think this is my
favorite one I can't decide this one is
so cute so it's another mini dress or a
little bit longer on me so I'm like
pretty short so they're kind of like
MIDI slash maxi like a little bit on the
longer side but not all the way down to
your feet but I really like that link so
this one is just tan and are like a
cream color and I think the back of this
one is also really cute though I might
wear this to California tomorrow we're
flying on Spirit Airlines and you can
only take like a personal item with you
so I'm going to try and shove all of
those clothes into a personal item along
with like all the stuff that I'm going
to bring I guess I could just pay for a
bag but we're only going for like the
days I really want to just keep it
simple
yes I'm planning on wearing the same
outfit like on the airplane to the photo
shoot and then home the next takes we're
literally just saying like one night
we'll see how that goes then this is one
of my favorite shirts and I'm so glad
that I got this because when we launched
our summer collection I didn't think to
like go like get what I wanted before we
launched it so a bunch of my favorite
stuff sold out and then we like restock
some stuff and I finally got to go in
there and like pick out like the items
that I wanted so so happy that I got
this shirt I don't even know if this is
from the summer collection but I think
we just restocked it but it's like a
really silky material and the pocket on
it is so cute so it's just like a pink
silky shirt and it's just so cute and so
comfy
so I love that then I also got this
bodysuit it's just kind of like plain
and simple so I thought this would be
really cute with like some shorts and a
bandanna or something so it's like a
little ripped material kind of like a
tan color I also got these white shorts
I like them because they are the Shred
flake on the focus and on the bottoms so
those are cute we have a couple of
really good basics that are like super
nice quality but like really inexpensive
so I got this tank top it's like my
favorite color I pretty much got a lot
of stuff like in this color but then
these are my favorite we have like the
best comfiest shorts in the store so
these are just navy blue I love that
they tie and
just like so cute and their double
layered so they're like I just love
these like I'm going to put these on
right now I have on sweatpants sounds
cold but I'm going to put these on then
I have some Free People stuff so I got
this cute white top so it's like
stretchy on the top it's really really
really cute I love like the texture up
here I always say cute so much and
everyone comments on it but I don't even
think about it until like later when
people are commenting it but I just
noticed excited said it like 10 times in
a row but whatever I go to my closet and
I realized they don't really have like a
lot of basic like just good quality
basic tees so we have these alums from
Free People
so I have it in gray for one material it
is just really soft and really comfy so
even though these are a little bit
pricier I feel like it's good cuz I
bought like really cheap basics before
that are like a good like nice white
t-shirt or gray t-shirt and usually they
just end up with holes in them so I
really wanted to get these three people
ones so I have it in gray and then I
thought it in white too and then we also
have like a darker color like kind of a
black color but these are just like
closet essentials and are good quality
so they last me a long time so I got
those and then I got these these are
like super popular a lot of you guys
love these so this is a pink power top
so it's just so cable obsessed and then
it also comes with matching pants and I
love anything that has like a matching
set execuse match I had to get them so
yeah it's just like a really comfy to
what suit so excited that I have all
this especially like I talked about it
but I liked wasn't able to get it but
now I have it and I'm so excited I think
I have two I have three more things so
this dress this is I went to a wedding
the other day and the whole time so I
didn't have this dress yet I was like oh
my gosh I wish I was wearing this dress
it would be so freaking cute I'm going
to another one like next week so I'm
going to wear this this is the I think
it's called the retro love dress but it
is so cute it is seriously just like so
freaking beautiful my favorite colors
like I just said then I got this do like
it's obviously summer right now but I
really wanted to get one of these so
it's a sweater and you're kind of
wearing like off the shoulder a little
bit so this part is like kind of
stretching like comfy I just thought
this would be cute like more in the fall
time with like some shorts or like pants
if it's cold but yeah I really wanted to
one of the so it's just like I like it's
a sweater but it's still kind of like
lightweight which is good so even
actually this would be really cute on my
trip to California with my family in
like a month
it's it'd be perfect for like sitting
outside oh yeah I'm for sure taking that
it gets kind of cold at night so then I
have some jeans I really like these
because I think the ankles on them are
super cute they're like frayed and in
the front like seasons kind of go up a
little bit higher and they also have
rips in the knees and I love it they're
really don't look really stretchy but
like they're just kind of like they're
not super stretchy but that kind of
stretchy they're just like a comfortable
material okay oh they're not stretching
that much but I've like worn them and
put them on and tried them on and I like
the way that they fit so that's where I
got them do four super super Q and then
I also have a couple pair of shoes so
we've had these on for a little and I'm
loving this style of shoe my feet slip
on flat so I'm really excited I got a
pair of these they're just like really
basic you can literally wear this with
anything and they're super I haven't
wore mine yet but like they just look
super comfy wanted to get these and two
other shoes that we have in the store so
I've been trying to like wear heels more
usually I'm a flat person but I've been
trying to wear heels and so I really
like these ones because they're like
basic and they go with like everything
sore neutral color then I also got this
little white waist choker this is like
super look really cute again yeah so
that's really I'm going to cute again
and then I also bought this necklace set
so I'm going to link all the stuff down
below you guys can see this looks like
don't I guess I'll take out the package
but I love to sit really dainty sinful
jewelry so this is a choker set so it
comes with like this black choker so
that's not really like dainty or
anything but you don't have to like wear
it all at the same time okay it mines
kind of tangled together but basically
it's just like a bunch of layered
necklaces that are really cute can we
get this one out well we have a couple
of these ones left
I presume these ones are like really
inexpensive if you guys like this you
should definitely go get it right now
some pretty sure we're almost sold out
of these but this is just a cute little
like owl necklace and I just got a new
jewelry organizer that I'll show you
guys later shocked enough on necklaces
yeah so it's just like a little cute
little owls at
again I'm sorry I also have one more
pair of shoes but I got so I thought
these booties were the cutest thing I've
ever seen I really like the studs and I
also like the color I don't have any
booties this color even though it's
summertime you can still wear these with
like shorts and stuff they're really
really adorable and I really like that
so I'm excited about those I have like
so many clothes right here but fun facts
Parker actually probably has like twice
as many clothes as I do and people are
always like wow you probably like so
much clothes at Parker has so much more
than me he actually just cleaned out his
closets was probably like even now
before that he literally has like twice
as many pieces of clothing as me but
I'll give you guys a little sneak peek
at this stuff so none of this stuff is
up yet
but we have I am obsessed with this
swimsuit it is so cute we have a pink
one we have these striped shorts which I
really like we have some little like
beach tees they're awesome I love this
romper can't wait for that to come out
we also have these shorts and I love
this so much and then here's another
little tee I love this dress this is one
of my favorites dresses are just like my
favorite thing ever so I love that and
then I also love this one and then we
have this striped dress anything like
blue and white striped is currently like
I'm obsessed fit then I just have two
little sets this is like a top and a
skirt and a top and a skirt of like a
different print so that's all the stuff
that we're shooting I also have this
cute blanket and then I have oh is that
jewelry in there I have a cute beach bag
I'm super excited for the shoot tomorrow
I think we're going to end the vlog here
we're just going to be like trying to
figure out if we can fit all this stuff
in like a little tiny bag for the
airplane and if not I'm going to go on
and pay for my carry-on bag because I
haven't flown spirit a lot but I've got
an email saying that it's like cheaper
or something if you like do it online so
I might have to do that but I hope you
guys enjoyed today's vlog it was just
like a really simple one I thought
hopefully you guys liked it and we'll
see you guys next time
bye guys
