this is just another dress I'm not
wearing white another guard working this
is fun everyone hello guys welcome to my
channel I'm sorry I'm screaming I'm
excited
today's video is about to be a
ridiculously epic long vlog and I know I
promised you guys I was going to vlog
twice a month I kind of failed last
month so I kind of made it up today was
a really really long video it's
basically a combination of absolutely
everything that's happened over the last
few months and I say everything like the
days that I've recorded and you know
last month I was in Spain and I was in
my they are I was in New York I've been
back I've been working I've been
shooting I've got loads of new
subscribers hello welcome to the channel
normally I would say get a cup of tea
and actually yes I'm definitely going to
say get a cup of tea because this video
is about to be extremely long a little
bit of everything in it and I've loved
while I was in Marbella but I never
never have seen my bail on my bail I
cannot remember which way today but yeah
I vlog but this video would have been
like an hour long so I'm going to put
that video on my vlog channel because me
mic went away but yeah this is like a
vlog for this month I wanted to give you
guys a little of an introduction because
it is about to be long and it's going
back to and just the beginning of June
can you believe that with six months
into this year people six months into
2017 what has it been as good as you
wanted do you have any resolution listen
it's not the end of the story you know
it can all go up from here so yeah just
be great be fabulous darlings and yeah I
will see you very soon enjoy good
morning new day new wig
how are you guys doing I'm dry however
I'm about to moisturize literatures come
at the shower and I'm just going to do
my morning face regime
find anything I'm doing a day in the
filming day I'm going to cut some videos
down and then I'm going to go out take
some pictures as well haven't done
anything on my blog for so long I'd
really like to do that so I finished
from in and this top some fresh anova if
you haven't seen my video is basically
review on honest non sponsored I just
want to try fashion over because I see
it everywhere review and I actually was
like I don't like this top however I
tied it up I have kind of put some
pasties on and some support and you know
what I kind of like it
I mean Anna's already we're skyping our
me Alice we're skyping how good does it
feel like all right you know what a
third event let us go it's nice see fun
life matter person you stopped to
provide don't
so nice a little bit of every cake oh my
god
however little stragglers is also
aligned so okay these beautiful
wonderful daughter Karina a variety
poppy knew that there was cheap table
and I wanted to get done look at the
aftermath I mean she got the curly hair
out and see what she's really doing to
them let's go just arrived at the
station hobby has come Olga for we moved
over so I didn't even it duty I didn't
warn me that she was vlogging so that
planned like even though Jim let me tell
you yes that smell bad Michael has
insulted me because I bought seaweed who
by a fire he didn't really make seaweed
I like it with United sites often
Freddie I would say supermarket what did
you buy hay grass is it different of
course people a gossamer by the way we
are in Michaels Michaels friend I like
it
he is Michael's own school when I this
is that what it could have
what's the woods oh I don't mean I can
achieve Lizzie reckon yeah it's cool
yeah this definitely is in the wagon
that you picked me up in me what the
wagon you pick me up it was worse with
maple normal shit this is actually
sharing a shed with wheels
I loved him anyway with a breast pocket
like the difference was is at that time
I may have been riding a rust bucket
wheel but you were egging it on for
adding a fortune so it's a good issue
with the toe poking at the end okay
we're back in this is my pot of seaweed
actually tastes so good yum yum yum
dinner made nom nom nom nom nom
good morning I swear I look like an
actual P head you can't actually see the
size of my head is like the size of a
fist
it is super small we all know this and
like we all know there's okay but yeah
today was the day I have a shoot with
L'Oreal
and it's so funny I have gone become a
lot more comfortable shooting now I'll
be honest I don't think I'm the most
photogenic person in the world and I can
I want to be c4 white fit my strengths I
accept my weaknesses I can I think I'm
the way to a genic person in the world
I'm not great at Ike posing but I've
learned to just be comfortable with it
and have fun while I'm doing it so I'm
actually quite excited versus nervous
and then this morning
I've just got mum Jes is adamantly
planning right now Grace has decided
that boys come back she's just she goes
coming she decided that she's very
interested in my gold shoe she's got
mommy's penchant for shoes you want me
to put the shoe on you and the funny
thing is that she wants me to put it on
but that she also she wants me to him
she wants to stand up
because you can't walk any this does ha
ha ha they start so only if you want
your fancy she took I feel mean what
half this right way okay yeah we're
going to go outside accompany she
understood what I meant
yes I'm going to go out the door yeah so
you have to go downstairs but you can't
go down the stairs with the shoe you
have to let the shoe go yes if you want
us to go out you have to put the shoe
down okay put the shoe down and let's go
out Oh
I'll chew that out so in the mix if
anybody found in my brows right you look
at them right they are like oh my not
really gonna start
I'm getting ready let's rescue my out
there like it's really nice it's really
fun here both I see quite a dramatic
shift don't normally do this but I'm
ready and look at Libya
look at the visor and the dress like
walk this well yes it looks amazing
they're like son
oh yeah I'd appreciate some extras offer
and the things that I can have like the
strong a problem button so my someone
without so now of the in the description
bar below it's not I will let you buy
the material metric on my Instagram and
I will tell you good morning me Maureen
loft in New York New York yeah often you
today with Maybelline however I feel
like I'm going to vlog a little
sister-in-law are they more or even
saying it I don't really happy that new
Maurice isn't a together going on a trip
here that I'm so sorry she's everything
in love it not absolutely but because
they must be yeah there's no other
hanging on with one scene or the world
oriented in Oh cousin list oh my gosh
anyway we're here JFK baby Joe came they
know it finished this one a bitter to me
everything Patricia dismissive then
simmer down your level to you but wanna
see that ends right is so hard on the
internet right because you got this like
it's quite hard to be yourself or than
every one job to do and whole is right
by crazy because I was here you know I
the public to nuuma never crazy but when
Maureen's around when really comfortable
and my hey comes out it all comes up she
love you guys
she love you guys oh there's music
playing somewhere oh my gosh there's
like an event going on down there I
could hear the music all the way here on
the 20th floor but they're just should
like me believe they invite us down my
how you feeling me right open my week is
about the super what though it's really
nice to hear a pretty nine in fact that
it helped out as well okay guys the
table and hold on just to watch for will
be Instagram and YouTube visible just
nothing right now
but where are we going now where we go
we're going on a helicopter ride
what is my pizza
Nora speaker they're making a big cross
so extra good morning another day
funking 1c comfortable I was just
opening the balcony but quite noisy out
there I wanted you guys to see outside
Maureen gone down for breakfast and
having go not touchy for breakfast I'm
just going to have doughnut oh my gosh
look at doughnut Kade notice are a very
nursing yeah four brothers that one's
pretty perfect right wait we need to see
bomb-ass Maureen she got the cars in she
got the cars in she's got the deck and
lipstick cards oh my gosh oh my gosh oh
my gosh like what yes Maureen we tried
it I look so actually no compared to
Maureen like I just looked a she I went
downstairs for breakfast right and then
came back up I saw there was all kinds
of makeups running around back right
disco has become a walk into the room
the husband over today all right a bit
what you can't do so I thought I would
join her how to do my hood I put into
coil in hand and it going in okay so we
just ask for directions even though he
was really good he was really helpful
okay so you just take right a Bedford to
go left you go to the second of the
forty second is that yeah you didn't
painted the geo - L see okay on the seed
right now on this over D woods Oh help
so wherever we ended up myslef which I
made will work out at some point in time
when is going to art people sort of
station
I'm collecting
we have just arrived in Time Square what
do you think Maureen for a sec Maureen
is confused by the random motion today
I'm confused about the random okay just
billowing out of the ground it's always
a mess praising it off we've been fun
it's been a Brooklyn Fifth Avenue win
for the deli that or not
now we're walking back to the hotel
where we live and then where we would
take a gross le on a like kind of insane
and stuff I knew there were people there
watching us taking photos but we don't
care and it's absurd like dry pasta
maker work area tie company and I was
excited a Chevrolet or something that's
a right read sports kinda like look good
taking photos older have like four hours
ago
have you been linger here this is high
drive and I'll thank you and I thank you
and I let you know the best view with
because in this car I like that you can
take pictures in our cars I know Roger
thank you
okay we'll step out no no no nice go
this new section and I had this look
like on the news two young girls
abducted in Elmo's beef have you seen
their last whereabouts and everything is
everything
I love you because I didn't realize the
same things that I've done as a young
adult
however like yeah to be honest I would
have set here as well but now I'm not
now as a young adult
yeah sure but definitely not now but
yeah they were nice very nice
okay guys look what I've got
you got Yankee cap oh my god I love it
so ready now we can gain maybe to go to
the game before our jerseys on Sydney
let's say you and your Jersey yeah I
feel like the kind of getting that
height of the game now not really happy
I'm kind of lying right Plan C complete
peace everybody to the water to the
disease
the monster still there was white Bob
well hello beautiful people I am back
from New York it's actually been a
couple of days now it's been a minute
but I've had a lot to try and get on
with so I haven't picked up the camera
or said hey but hey I'm back
so it was really good I've just been
getting on with work a lot a lot of
stuff in the pipeline I really cannot
wait to share today I've got a meetings
day going out into London I've been
exercising as well which I'm absolutely
loving so I'm going to take grace to
nursery and I'm actually just trying to
get a lot of editing done for the day
because I'm going to go out all day and
I need to get my work done before I go
and I started to do this thing where I
basically organize my days hour by hour
it's not even a joke like hour by hour
doing a Sunday night and I feel like
it's really made a huge difference to my
productivity and other like she's really
valuable so yeah same everyone hi kind
of done my hair and shit hundred G just
ripped up good laid our house joking
evidentiary walking to the station right
now
guess who's having a date night Michael
my gosh my mom's calm over so we're just
going to go out gonna go get some and
O's and then just go to the cinema well
you watching base that's a classic combo
Mondays in cinema right and nothing to
know about that
no no I'll classic combo is by the
Nando's sneak it in a bag and take it
into the cinema if you are really about
that life that is it's the answer you
know any vote I'm sneaking them data
together a bit like the greasiest
fingers and smelling up the whole place
it's no worse than having hot dogs and I
guess similar nachos and cinema food is
expensive it's expensive
that's it poor people can vote isn't my
spend a hundred pounds then I want to go
to the cinema was that something you can
do with your pocket money nowadays clip
you need to factor that into your
monthly budget is it honestly a short
time you've got a drink and a snack and
your ticket everything your 50 pound
down this is real I made a shocker
yeah but it's nice having it all even in
our moms at all I'm gonna come on as I
whoa we were wild so that was quite nice
all right so so what about go to the
cinema and somebody's picked up a little
biggie bag she could possibly find how
do you intend on sneaking in hospital
William Baldi cousin Nando's I love my
soda ah let's see how this goes wait and
see
we finished I really loved it Michael
oh I see so extra I really enjoyed it
the makers I don't know what I mean - a
lot
Johnny like looking on YouTube but I
fell asleep got several points during
the movie so yeah there's that she did
she did might not seem like working on
it she take I'm not gonna lie for I like
my god Wow whether it might I just have
a shower this evening right and
sometimes couples have showers together
and then we're really going to do this
No do you know I'm going to say go ahead
well do you know what I'm with me it was
the best experience you've ever had will
say that I watched this man what
showered it gel in his hair and was
ready to just walk out of the bathroom
just wash it washing his hair a shower
down like number one there's a thing a
product called shampoo washing go baby
because I'm worth it there's a product
quotient rule right and also your hair
is heat required quite currently quite
in a coarse hair and I was like my
babies is about right a tumbleweed in
tumbleweed something enjoys a suitably
because you use mint body shampoo
vignette and then rudely leave it
without even a young conditioner to help
with - Nick I was so authentic and then
I heard in a bet no babe just like
massage his hair was on condition of it
pizza into three minutes and finish your
shower then I fell asleep how did he
have for now lovely moisturize yeah and
it was very funny I'm not sure he wears
ivory and I haven't done a room tour
because very proud hmm and it's also
empty it already is continuous it's got
the used to be the kids room here we
still have like the kids blind and
the kids lampshade I quite like it quite
nostalgic but eventually we're going to
like decorate it and make her boudoir
but if we're going to do that but your
lover a lot sure what's that bags
bedroom French chambre this is fun this
is a really attractive you cook an eye
turkey gobble so he's about to get on it
to be honest my clients been logging in
at work logging it he cycles every day
for at least an hour in total at least
an hour every day up hills up mountains
and yeah remember he's got such a
hard-working trap and everything
who is redeemed no he the morning grace
how did you end up here again then why
were you I put four o'clock this morning
grace
welcome to reality allottee is okay he's
not getting much thing it is run about
building UK the Sun rises before 4:00
a.m. what that why is it bright outside
my window at 4:00 a.m. where you going
where you going guys see you later where
she's coming with you where is she doing
please grab a shower looking to have a
play and as you going to marry okay okay
it's like sometimes in the top of
everything here Prince's splish question
she loves it she's not at least Jesse
choirs gonna take her out of the bus he
said
and champagne do you like it way yes
when democracy ow gone off Jennifer the
back on okay off okay off regards with
it listen I never really broke this
morning part when I'm with grace' stuff
because it really does like an hour and
a half and I'm sweating and I'm crazy
and I'm rushing and they're packing
their bags and but at the end of the day
it is great when she's ready at the end
of the day she's got an obsession with
sunglasses so that's great
is great styling in them keys I'm
delirious until I've had dropped her at
nursery and had a coffee one day I'll
probably show you like the actual
morning routine what we actually do but
yeah okay I just finished filming I'm
saying that I'm loving the way my hair
look I'll show you what I use it's the
L'Oreal LV extraordinary goal I hope it
goes in so oh gosh the wind is blowing I
hope this is in focus
honestly this would transform a dry
weave in service because it was looking
a bit ashy I was going to give it like a
fresh wash and deep condition and other
I don't have time for that but look like
honestly love it whoa ohh doorbell I
think my girl is here oh I love it when
they do going well hello there
so what is it Monique hello lovely
ladies oh hi my friends come you guys
remember money she has comes every year
at very good oh my gosh yes these are
perfect wedding colors as well I won't
be wearing white so wedding thank you
babe hi ladies how are you nice and
summery okay you guys a little Manish is
in my ear with Mama true time
my longtime friends for 15 years my
students run a camera a run-in with you
obviously does my face in one day
Monique erectus although they both do
modeling and I think it's not funny in
my video everyone was like they look
like the old model kids they do they
actually do like cooking down by guys I
do their archi human sundae doing our
holy Pinoys
graces screaming is great your friends
where'd you find great scary your friend
yeah I've ever here like groovin up the
place away so Monique has an online
store yes called the miner in a nice
lemonade on the area I think I talked
about in the other video and I'm going
to a wedding tomorrow and I was a baby I
need some items so she's come with the
goodies I'm the dealer oh so you guys
can I support my girl check out her
website it's got really nice items that
are a bit more you need for special
occasions as well as a sometimes you
need something a bit special for special
occasions and as we sure as on her site
so let me show you on okay this job sue
is so to analysis will wedding
appropriate thank you though this is
like special occasion I don't know
whether or not maybe the reception
perception special to yeah not the
church not enough cute to the back this
is nicer than right and you comfortable
in it you know that we love to get
younger worried yeah it was very
comfortable in it although when I get my
much baby because you know at the
wedding innovate you know so I eat my
food bang bang so this is just another
dress I'm not wearing white to another
does work against not this time but this
is cute but this event hold on as you
wanted from this is also from her
website as well
I know what I have to suction extra
fresh extra extra you see you I think I
mentioned okay so this is our learning
from I'll put her link in the
description bar below but you guys can
check it out
but I'm it looks like me I'm going to go
to a coffee shop right now one has a
mini and it's so cute inside I like
which I got a leg it looks very cute did
I have minis in America they do but if
it's an iconic British run British car
okay I just do that myself at yeah we're
going to do put upgrades were actually
going to go to the park have a little
walk a good Monique and the girls I'm
going to go get grace and like have fun
so we didn't know get her kind of walk
in the park I sprayed a duck you know
where you're the person that's high and
dry without any ice cream in the part
that was asked the other day is that you
just look so pitiful and unprepared
might mention have a little place she
loves running in the field see you later
you love her he's nothing I love doing
it one quite well
hi darling so there's a kitty part but I
can't film inside the kitty public
there's other kids in that and it's very
weird to bring a camera in the kitty
park wait do you like your swing no he
doesn't like this one Michael cracking
open the wine yeah was we good we're
just having an adult evening after very
dry yeah that's not bad
two adult chances with target I feel
like every evening we are tired I'm
going to watch the love island
sit in my bed and watch love island with
this on behind me having a chat about
life it's a good day today I'm in a good
mood it's Jay fuller it's a means
wedding today to get married this
afternoon
Oh
but I'm excited but I'm sitting in my
dressing gown all day I'm gonna get on
some work should not get married to
three o'clock so means I can have them
long to myself graces of my mom because
we're not being here to the wedding so
what do I do in our free time what
when you add the evening how horses we
are off home this is just right not
anything studying is amazing
