morning it's friday and we are escaping
from all the mess in the house where
we're going to the farm we are going to
meet some friends another set of twins
actually have a little play and get away
from all the mess and sand dust at home
which is causing me quite a lot of
stress and yeah I've kind of left it
ready for the bank holiday weekend so I
can just sort it all out in one go then
so yeah we are escaping and hiding
command okay your camera okay what are
we having for lunch it hasn't fish
fingers a bunch
I
you
I
Oh
it is Saturday we've been to swimming
lessons you're going to be a crafting
and now my two boys are asleep on the
sofa swimming lesson was really good
this morning George is literally
obsessed by diving under the water
there's a lot of that yeah I both me
enjoying it's only our third week of
swimming lessons I couldn't ever take
them on my own before but now we found
some for a bit older from there the
weekend that's really good today yeah we
take them together yeah I'm just kind of
procrastinating before doing some
tidying and sorting and amazing
Oh
by bunnies really get too high and then
I'm bringin Easter eggs ok yes East is
gone now hasn't it so what else could
the bunny find ok you're very beautiful
bunny aren't you oh boy oh boy Wow
we are just off to aldi to get some
shopping and living the dream on Bank
Holiday Sunday and then we are hoping to
see some friends and torches in the back
with his toolbox ready and raring to go
sure is going to fix at aldi but we will
find out
I'm my life so listen on this she does
she cry yeah sometime what you doin she
cries and Kai the head we're off to meet
some friends to go for a walk of the
healed it some fresh air and the
Georgian Harry are going to take their
bikes up the hill and yeah be a nice day
because it's not raining
so you will going up the hill to ride
our bikes
haha
what he planted honking Wow I said
clean it and just doing a bit of kind of
tidying and everything the children of
plays in the garden lathes and bars East
and lots of jobs in the garden and now
I'm just cooking dinner for us all to
have together and we don't all get to
sit down together and eat in the
evenings during the week because barnsey
doesn't get home until about seven so
here I eat later on our children 805 so
it's really nice in the weekends or on
bank holidays to all eat together as a
little for so we doing that tonight and
then we'll put the kids to bed and maybe
have a little cheeky glass of wine or
something and yeah a good day all around
