it's Friday morning and I haven't really
had any appropriate time to vlog until
now it's been a crazy week I'm kind of
all over the place and rich took some
days of work so that we could move but
it didn't really happen because we
haven't internet and we're not really
ready to move and but so he's been off
work distracting me and I haven't had
much work done myself so this morning
I'm going to Pilates as I always do on a
Friday morning and then we're actually
going to scatter Dixie's ashes which is
sad but it'll be nice we'll do it
together and then I have a meeting and I
think this afternoon we'll try and do
flat stuff with rich although I need to
film as well I'm going to try to fit in
a lot today and I'll just bring you guys
for long in case you find it interesting
hey Pilates was very hard this week but
we're going to go down and say goodbye
to Dick's in them we just went to a park
to kind of scatter her ashes and the
kids are there no going by Dixie pretty
sad I have to do some work now I'm going
to film a video for my meeting a half 12
the kids are running around the house
like crazy people and there's some kind
of lawn mower growing outside so it's
not the best time for filming but I have
like an hour window I have to do it I'm
actually gonna be filming a home hall
and this should already be up so I will
link to it below the stuff that I'm
hauling and my camera lights I'm just
going to sit here in front of this and
do my thing
yeah filmed all the close-ups and I've
got to go edit now before rich gets back
I feel like this blog is really boring
so far but this afternoon I think we
need to go to Ikea and do some flat
stuff so hopefully they'll be a little
bit more interesting then I'm with rich
now and we're going to go to HomeSense
IKEA lap know them somewhere else
Lakeland Lakeland great Friday afternoon
I'm asked for my video and edit though
it hasn't been uploaded but I can do
more work I ever you're going to be
surprised at how cheap everything is
we're going to look at some mirrors
because they're really cheap there it's
been about seven minutes and which is
already annoyed with me what do you
think home sent so far it's full of bars
is free stuff like that what we can do
that right
oK we've got wine glasses any four so we
can't have more than two friends coming
over Jamie Oliver cutlery set but that
was like twenty grit alright Lee Hom
sets get home zones get the deliveries
on a Wednesday so first time two covers
like Wednesday or Thursday now on to
ikea ikea used to be fun to visit when i
was a kid but these days I kind of dread
in especially the marketplace I find it
really overwhelming but I have made a
list on my phone so hopefully I'll help
basically get like make my kitchen beds
and stuff I don't think we're getting
any furniture today or popping legs my
desk because one of the legs was broken
just annoying
okay now that mean rich made-up you may
have had a bit of an Ikea argument we're
now discussing glasses and I'm not a
massive fan of these type of glasses I
don't know why maybe they just mind me
of uni but rich likes them too they're
big
I don't know we're on the hunt for some
good glasses I can does like beauty
storage stuff now for your bathroom my
all the acrylic stuff I didn't know that
clever so we've been looking for a chest
of drawers so lot probably with the
space that we have is 83 centimeters
which is nothing I know there you have
to have special casing a friend let's
charge it these are cool so you charge
your phone and the lampshade and one of
those n√® this makes me happy
82 centimeters so it's really fun parts
by Chester drawers I found a few that we
like but they're like 600 pounds and
then we saw this one and it's 79 and
we're kind of tempted even though it's
really Afghan it looks really I don't
know boring I'm sure you this is it
and I'm not sure definitely not the
style I was hoping for but I'm kind of
bored of looking for a chest of drawers
now and I feel like we should just go
for it you just come to get the legs for
my desk that were broken thing with like
here is if something's broken or you
decide you don't like it although they
do 365 days return you can return it for
3 under 6 5 days no one really does
because the returns room has we
discovered it was like an hour maybe
more weight and it was very boring so
we're just we got another set of legs
with only like 5 pounds look at rich big
kid I kept living at this chest of
drawers they're really not that nice but
I just want some ways with my clothes
really I feel like if there's one thing
I don't mind not looking pretty
the the chest of drawers
wait that montage may look like we just
walked out the shop with all the things
we did pay in between a film like that
okay while rich loads of car show you
what we bought we bought a bin for the
bathroom I bought these like shoe cases
because we've got storage under our beds
I thought was a good way to separate our
shoes black and I got white I got lots
of these like a bottle and lots of these
jars I like to store pasta and stuff in
them so I've got all different size jars
I got some of their glass Tupperware
which I really like his them he's very
heavy and impractical it's not good for
like taking food out the house but for
storing it in the fridge like any
leftover food these are really nice the
glass ones got big wood and chopping
board - plastic chopping boards legs
from my desk and this big bowl to be
nice like serving salads then that's the
ugly chest of drawers sorry if anyone
has those goals and I'm calling them
ugly they're not really ugly it is not
exactly what we wanted oh I just thought
of a genius idea a nice alone choc
paints will literally paint on anything
you don't need to prime the wood or
anything like that I'm going to use one
of those chalk paints to play the
drawers maybe like a nice gray you just
come into the flat and while rich is
unloading the car I just thought I'd try
to cut the reefing that we bought from
Ikea and it doesn't fit guarantee he's
going to be very pissed off for Papa
even though it was expensive it's very
typical me not to measure Oh lots of
these kind of jars in Ikea so I'm just
putting some of the shelves on here
because I don't know till we have food
there's not much point I'm just kind of
putting them all together and throwing
away the rubbish so we saw lots of
beautiful toasters some were copper some
were beautiful and one had a bagel
button which was exciting but in the end
we decided to go for a cheap toaster 40
quid kenwood good on Amazon it's black
it's fine it does the job I feel like at
the beginning I was really into buying
everything like beautiful and then I
realized I actually really want to get a
nice sofa
I wanna get a nice bed and I just don't
think I want to invest in a toaster we
don't even really eat that much so I
think this is a pretty good find forty
quid online we've got this set last time
think my parents are they going to pick
up Indian takeaway and bring it here so
we can eat that together and then I have
to go home and do work because I haven't
scheduled anything for this weekend my
work timings are like all over the place
the moment but if I don't mind late
night working I'm just kind of emptying
out all the crockery that was pulled and
cutlery and I'm gonna give them like a
wash so that we can use them tonight we
had yummy Indian meal with my parents
got quite a bit of stuff from the flat
rich did the desk which I'll show you
next time I'm there just kind of sort
some stuff out there's not much storage
in the flat so finding where I think the
Hoover's are going to go quite hard but
I'm going to head home now I need to do
some work tonight and it's 10 plus 9 but
I've gotta do some work and I'll blog
again another day this weekend good
morning everyone today is Sunday and
it's getting to the point now with our
new place that we soon as we have
internet we can kind of move in but then
we both realize that we haven't even
started kind of packing up our stuff
here and for me personally I've lived in
this house my entire life for 27 years
so I feel like it's going to take quite
a long time to pack up it's not like
I've moved to rented accommodation I've
got like a small amount of stuff and I
need to move that it's like a lifetime
worth of stuff so today is the day where
we're going to stay in hopefully we can
resist going out it's a nice sunny day
and it's Sunday and I'm gonna get
massive FOMO and all my family go and do
something fun but we really need to
start packing up our stuff so don't
really know it start I think I'm gonna
start with makeup because that's
probably the most stuff I have I'm gonna
use at Anna's sandwich bag tip and just
kind of organize and get rid of stuff as
I go I really don't know how interesting
this is for a vlog but this is the only
day I can film I'm just not really doing
interesting stuff at the moment so I
hope you guys enjoy this kind of packing
vlog
yeah the first room to tackle is my
office which is such a mess as products
everywhere and stuff everywhere so rich
is going to help me go through all of my
stuff I have to keep safe stuff like
in my office it's just a huge white bit
of card I used for taking photos on very
annoying to store this is stuff I've
thrown away so far and I'm just kind of
tidying up or clearing out this section
so when we pack we can just pack this is
actually the painting that we bought in
South France for a flat can't wait to
put that up rich has left me to go to
Ikea but I just don't feel like it can
do this by myself I know I'm gonna get
distracted I've been meeting that
tidying Brook and she says you shouldn't
watch TV or videos whilst doing it but
I'm so bored
so they've gotten some music but I just
get to the point sometimes webs bored I
stop so I need to keep going okay now
I'm going to tackle this beast of a draw
which is full of stationary and round
and why is that I don't really know what
a for now like your sketchbooks like
this that I often use these backgrounds
for blog photos these are like old
lipstick swatches this is when I did
like a mascara blog post that's a load
of mascara and blue tuck a blog is best
friend advised clear this one out says
just thank you cards playing card hole
puncher and checkbook right next one
look at this old school canon camera
this was probably my first ever camera
screen so smooth I didn't vlog using
this one this was just for taking photos
have external hard drive that says dead
from guessing means I broke this one so
I'm not sure why I thought I needed to
keep it but this will be going in the
bin these are my business cards once
upon a time thought that was very cool
indeed now I dunno I actually never
really hand out business cards these
days but yeah these were I went through
many different designs you know this is
a fun drawer this is every magazine and
newspaper that I've ever had a feature
in I probably shouldn't keep the whole
magazines and just the pages I'm on top
finis on I was on the front cover of one
of this love that and all of these are
somewhere inside there is a little
little pebbles feature and I collect
every single one unless they're a board
and I can't get hold of them so I don't
know what to do whether to just tear out
the page and put in a folder for like
that's the probably the organized thing
to do if I might do that is what I'm
going to do is I'm going to rip out the
page see this is the one that I'm in
beauty blogger extraordinaire lily
pebbles and then I'm going to take note
of which magazine it was in and the
eight and I'm just going to write on top
because I know when I'm an old granny I
want to say that the Christmas edition
from 2014 I have no this is the best one
when I was the whole entire last page of
lick magazine it was like an interview I
love this the double page spread that I
had in shout magazine on how to how to
be a vlogger I don't think I chose that
title but I hear I gave some tips and
tricks there's Mia Nana okay I'm done
leads student magazine JC BCU magazine
shout shout shout shout shout a very
enter youtubers shout ASOS magazine
Grazia you magazine Look magazine Look
magazine this is the worst drawer this
is how some reside size to organize all
my receipts once upon a time and so
they're all in separate month I don't
even know we meant to do with old
receipts well how is there another
drawer of wires and like random
instruction books that don't even know
what they're for you know these little
things you use to kind of get a SIM card
out your phone everyone always needs
them but you don't need them all the
time when you need it it's really a nine
you can't find it so the genius idea to
keep it in my phone case
I'm a well that's my stomach one link
near that need to eat something there
you go now it's in my phone case okay
time for a food break before I try and
tackle my desk
so I'm going to try and tackle my desk
now this is my collection of candles so
far I haven't even done my bed every
day's gonna say I love these like food
paper clips that like giant paper clips
I use these to keep all my press
releases together here this room is
pretty much done that stuff can all wait
for me move there's really not much in
there anymore my desk is kind of
clearish and two and a half bin bags
worth of stuff I think now maybe one's
my bedroom which is definitely gonna be
the hardest okay operation bedside table
I'm just clearing out my IKEA Alex
drawers and I found it like box of
random things and look this was my
rounders badge when I was on the
roundest team at school bloody loved
rounders look at this iPod now that is
old school I feel like I need to keep
that just for the memories right now I'm
going to try and tackle my makeup
drawers I put all of these oh and
there's such a mess I'm gonna clear
through them and then I'm gonna put in a
sandwich bag so they're kind of ready
for the move just trying on my Max
Factor white lab coat that I got given
with my name on it I notice I don't get
rid of but then really I'm never ever
gonna wear that it must be a sign it
will be a need for it actually kind of
fits me those are this lipstick which is
a rocker Lily zOMG this is the lipstick
that Zoe London made and this is
actually at this event for this lipstick
where me and Anna met for the very first
time
rich is sorting out my makeup bags and I
think this might be a slight problem so
clear makeup medium sized bag clutch
bags okay we got this giant sandwich
bags from Ikea and so I'm gonna be
putting on my makeup and see I just
don't need four of the same type of
brushes I feel like I need to pick one
and then give the others to friends so
I'm trying to do these are my blushes
OOP so I'm trying to good look how many
tart blushes I've seen to collect it
they'd even sell them in the UK I've got
five oh this is my fake mulberry Alexa
that I used to wear when I was younger
hold it up to the camera
Rudy we can get rid of these are the
brushes I'm keeping which is not that
bad considering there were that loads
before I was good to keep some stuff for
like blog posts and videos that is all
I'm left with makeup otherwise I think
it's very
this was my favorite ever cream
highlight to the Gemma kid
makeup school this Brad doesn't exist
anymore it's the chewy glow all over
radiant screen and rose gold
oh I loved the staff I think I was kind
of like saving it because I knew it
discontinued but it's it must be so
gross it's like you three years old from
the chuckit buy my favorite highlighter
ever these are the three lipsticks I
made with Max Factor they called PP
sunset one more slice and raspberry
filled I'll probably keep these just
because the memory I'm struggling with
the tinted moisturizers because I seem
to want to keep them all I didn't
realize that I had a thing for tinted
moisturizers but I don't really want to
get rid of any of them why do we have so
many plug adapters the fact that also
Ana will find is funny because every
time I go away I forget to bring a plug
adapter look how many I have this is
ridiculous
this is mine and Rich's dissertation we
had a group there's six of us look how
fat that is I mean we should keep it but
we're never gonna read it you know what
enough perfumes my friends are gonna
have a very fun day tomorrow I've got to
to teak perfumes are both my favorite
philosophers and longboard Amla I don't
have to say that they both have like a
tiny bit left in them which is annoying
I'm just gonna try and use them up over
I've got it down to this and these are
like less frequently warm but I still
love them like Tom Ford white suede
Estee Lauder bronze goddess stellar
summer one Chanel number five and the
mary-kate Ashley one and then these all
my like very regularly worn pretty much
just jo Malone and like the fresh fig
and de teak
I love sunglasses they're one of my
favorite things to collect a few of them
have been gifts and very lucky I didn't
buy these Burberry ones but I will give
you a little fashion show nerville my
sunglasses ray-bans ray-bans
more ray-bans extremely glamorous
Burberry sunglasses they don't really
suit me but I'm definitely keeping them
crazy wild Fox glasses more from wild
Fox these from deal needs are also from
deal I'm definitely on a sunglasses ban
I would be buying anymore for quite a
while these are all my LAN yards from
like every event and thing that I've
done even before logging days when I
volunteered at Fashion Week I'm going to
go through all of these I don't really
know what to do with them
I don't think we're going to keep them I
could kind of cut them out put them into
a merit memory book if I really wanted
to
I'm going to see how interesting they
are I decided to chuck them so before I
do I'll quickly show you and show myself
when I watch this vlog back when I'm old
and gray Temperley backstage autumn
winter 2013 a fashion week when I still
had the blog name what I heart today the
DAX show Easter London I'm at 2013 fell
to fell - oh it's a tube in Milan
backstage pass
L'Oreal Marius Schwab so this was when I
spoke at advertising week I think that
was just for another show at Fashion
Week summer in CC 2014
oh they spelt my name wrong that it just
doesn't look right it just doesn't look
right Harry Potter want to bother
Studios featured creator at VidCon
YouTube guess that was at Google and I
think I was doing talk and YouTube
content creator Google at Manchester me
and Anna did a talk at Google in
Manchester and then Wimbledon at the
Evian sweet memories and MTV Isle of
Malta forgot that one how can I have so
many sharpeners there's like picking
children I don't know it sounds like
sheep we're having a bit of a sushi
break been a bit tired and faint now so
it's been quite tiring doing all that
tidying and so that we have wrapping it
up have no sushi and then we're going to
go to the flat so it's not some other
stuff okay so we're on our way to town
with all the bin bags in the back
there's like a few things
just been that's not no use to anyone
and then it's a charity bags and I've
got loads of at home for my sister's to
rummage through as well okay we're gonna
go have a look at West Elm now for some
light furnishings and then I don't know
what you do after that
geez oh yeah we both need a juice we're
very low on energy show you quickly what
we're getting getting a couple of these
mugs that were in sale they're really
nice I'm going to get this orange throw
because everything in our lounge is gray
so I thought a bit color and these are
the perfect size glasses that couldn't
find any ideas you sorta found some here
and we're just trying to find out how
much these bowls are in sale small
medium large at the dump which is just
such a weird place you like turn up and
you get your little parking spot and
then you throw your rubbish away but
it's like such an organized way to throw
rubbish away I always think it's very
strange if one's here they will throw in
their rubbish away as well don't throw
the painting away or the new West Elm
stuffs ah completely forgot I was
vlogging and my friend Hannah came
around and I would have shown her if I'd
remembered by completely forgot anyway
we put the throw that we bought on
little armchair and that was really nice
and I knew that the big bowl where is it
I knew that wouldn't fit in any of our
cupboard so I'm going to give the larger
to my mom and we put the medium ones
medium and the small one in there and
riches are putting up a nail so that we
can hang our painting and then we bought
in the South of France I love this just
like a girl it's see it's very relaxing
it's going to go right there we looked
like those people that have like a
painting that we bought in France our
flat oh no I actually love this faux
done rich back of the gross damp made it
just in time they should close in five
minutes I think I'm going to end the
vlog here because there's nothing really
left to do today I'm going to go home
and I'm going to have some sausages and
then I'm gonna wash my hair because it's
really worse but we've had quite
productive day actually I'm happy and
they're flat just feels so homey I can't
wait to get in their way to the Internet
and then we'll be in straightaway so I
hope you guys liked this vlog paper
wasn't boring for you and thanks by the
way to everyone who commented on my last
video to say that you voted for me for
the awards that's really really kind to
be thank you
I'll see you on Thursday for my next
video so bye rich
