good morning guys
accent I think I've ever done in my life
and we would you'll know if you watched
last week's vlog because I kind of
blocked the journey at the end of it but
just so so so peaceful and I think we're
gonna do a little bit of exploring this
morning just made myself a cup of tea
the gang are all getting ready
downstairs the boys are off
mountaineering climbing one of the hills
so yeah it should be a nice relaxing
got our personalized dressing yawns
we're gonna make some breakfast now
so catch up with you later
so we essentially drove all the way up
here to go to the beach but also because
we saw on Instagram that there was a
camera that did really lovely hot
chocolate and we've come and sadly the
cafe is closed because of it it's
obviously isn't but it comes like a
little village and found some little
fried shacks a little bit around
hairdresser here once again your
highlights done we have made it home now
from our three hour long trip every hour
round trip I think I updated you that we
basically went all that way to find this
very Instagram full hot chocolate and it
was closed but we all got some nice
marks so that might be M so the journey
was not wasted we know about her to Casa
handles just popping some champagne or
training find a nice trade to put the
champagne on but we can't so I'm gonna
go get the act without Laila I left
outside okay so we're gonna go in the
tub we're gonna have some bubbly and the
boys have just gone off to watch the
rugby its England vs Scotland so
hopefully do I get stoned if you think
once you in fact win like I defended you
are you
snow bit later now and the voice got
back to me in the rugby and we've got
out the hot tub showers to my hair a
little bit and the party is not in the
kitchen we're all kind shipping in
everything about shafts not chicken to
using a chicken
really chasing good light
now shoes
Hey oops team that lands
bag good morning it is day two in
Scotland and standing I finish the vlog
in copy last night because we basically
just have some heaters and then started
playing card games humanity which
probably is not the best thing to vlog
and this morning we just left the
cottage the other nice Sunday back first
thing cakes eggs bread and now we're
being a proper bit of exploring this
morning we've just climbed down this
rock wall from the from the cottage
we've made it's pretty much sea level
Tanner is currently over there
vlogging from a cave and I'm just
chilling right sea is just such a
beautiful clear color Terrenas
hey guys so I'm back home now I didn't
really finish vlogging properly and
Scotland cuz my memory card was just
playing up so much and it's Wednesday
now I didn't vlog yesterday because I
was just in town loads of meetings and I
feel like you guys have seen far too
many days of me going into town having
meetings today is day two of a really
really bad hair day I just can't seem to
do anything with my hair so I'm just
scraping it back and yeah I'm gonna look
like a bald man for the rest of the day
but never mind so it's half ate at the
moment I've already had a call so it's
been quite a busy morning and I've got
loads of blog posts scheduled last night
so feeling it good about blogging life
um now I'm going for a meeting with
Bobby Brown really close to where I live
actually so we're just going to go to
the Breakfast Club so I thought I'd take
you down with me and then I'm going to
biscuit ears also close to where I live
on North Korea and we are going to have
a little biscuit icing masterclass
they're really exciting bits and bobs
for today so let's go
so in fact home now after a very busy
day I'm sitting on the floor because I'm
trying to stop Dexter from shredding
everything that is underneath the bed
biscuit ears is really good fun I
learned so much about icing and became a
bit of a pro at icing Valentines
biscuits so I'm probably gonna give
Charlie some of those on Valentine's Day
then I went into town had a few meetings
which I didn't vlog because I feel like
you've seen me going to meetings about a
million times in vlogs I did come back
fire bobs scrap that so I ended up I'm
doing it all and actually I just did a
snapchat story of opening it up and
first impressions so make sure you're
following me on snapchat if you want to
see kind of like opening of the blogger
mail because yeah I tend to snapchat it
quite a lot and it's nice to share my
first impressions with you I'm so shiny
I think I'm gonna go downstairs now I'm
not gonna lie that it's actually
knocking me out though so much stuff um
so I'm gonna go downstairs and cook
myself a macaroni cheese what is my hair
doing I have one of those days and I'm
like my skin is bad my hair is bad
everything is just not going my way so
yeah I'm gonna go make myself a macaroni
cheese so vlogging yesterday went really
well obviously not I can't even remember
what I filmed I think I showed you my
macaroni cheese and then probably went
into the food coma so it is Thursday yes
it's Thursday today and I'm still having
a bad hair day so I've just tied it up
why I do this when I'm wearing a Platt
anyway I've got a blow-dry at 11:00 so
all is not lost I will have lovely hair
again soon I'm sure
um but yeah it's about quarter past 8:00
in the morning now I've just done a
first impressions of all of my new
makeup on my snapchat so if you're
interested in what I think of makeup
when I tried out for the first time then
definitely do follow me on snapchat
because I do first impressions at least
once a week like I'll have a good
session of opening vlog a male and then
I will put it all on my face and let you
know how I feel about it on snapchat and
so yeah my makeups a little bit
different to usual because that's trying
out loads different things I can see
from the screen that I need to apply
some powder
I always forget to put on powder because
my skin feels dry um like it feels dry
on my face but it obviously looks shiny
ramble aside um Dexter has got something
wrong with his eye he's it's as though
like it's been star or something always
got something in it because like one of
his eyes is really puffy and I can just
tell from his behavior that he's not a
happy bunny so I don't leave him at home
today I'm going to take him to my
meetings with me so I've just emailed a
few of the people that I'm meeting
asking if we can change places because
sadly not everywhere is dog friendly I
might be like a dog friendly guide to
London because I tried to find one
another was up-to-date or actually nice
places so yeah might take him with me
more often and do a little write-up of
places that actually accept doggies
because it might be helpful for any
other dog owners so as I said quarter
past eight which means first time I get
on the chew but we half past eight which
means mega-mega rush hour so yeah I'm
going to attempt to take a dog on the
Victoria Line at rush hour wish me luck
so we survived the commutes this little
one was getting lots of love and
attention from all the you fellow
commuters I'm now at four German German
gymnasium
you having at home and now we're gonna
go down on time staged car shopping
because somebody is rather last-minute
Dexter was sitting on my lap while I was
getting my hair washed so yeah he was
like yes the tops wonderful especially
all the products this is the shampoo
marry clay and then they've also got a
dry shampoo which I haven't tried to
assets looking forwards giving a girl
and blue conditioner so those four and
I'm going to clean lies about the full
range so which I'm not at home and
reporting back to you
Dexter hasn't left my side at all time
so lunch time filming obviously didn't
happen I've just got home that noises
the kettle boiling I'm just gonna you
can hear me yes I'll pick up my camera
at lunch time because I just sat down at
home Peto
and with Millie if he is PR for THD and
we just were talking and talking and
talking and yeah I didn't really pick up
the camera and then I took Dexter for a
little walk around Soho Square which is
really tiny and I was just running
around like an absolute mental person
and then I had a really really nice
catch up with Beth who is PR for Galen
and yeah I just was too out and about
and busy and had my arms full of stuff
to pick up the camera my battery is
still flashing I've just carried all of
this stuff home and an incredible bunch
of flowers from Clarins which was my
daughter which I just picked up you know
what is light is doing um yeah so I'm
pretty exhausted I've just boiled the
some work but first I'm gonna go and put
on my onesie charge my battery and and
I'll catch up with you when I'm all
caught up with myself
just realized that I promised you I was
gonna show you some of the stuff there
going my meetings today but I have just
put it all away
Seifert idly we have pretty much clear
bed as evidence and I didn't show you so
well I think I'm gonna do actually
tomorrow is film like a new in new
beauty launches for February and I might
even put it off on Sunday so yes if this
goes to plan you're watching this on
Friday so check out Sunday's video if
you wanted to see a few bits that you
picked up for my meetings yeah I think
that's the plan okay I just went off on
a really long ramble telling you about
my to-do list
and my plans for the weekend but then I
realized that this vlog is probably
really really long because it's got
Scotland in it so now cut all of that so
yeah I am gonna go and write to-do list
now because my brain is all over the
place and I'm gonna edit this vlog so
that you can see it on Friday hopefully
today if it's all gone up to plan so yes
I think I'm gonna end this God here
definitely check out some days video if
you want to see lots of loving you in
product hopefully that's why are you
coming tomorrow anyway so yeah it is
enjoyed this videos of the log to get a
thumbs up if you have hopefully it
wasn't as a million miles long as the
last one and
I will
