good morning everyone I make up three
actors women today I'm heading to
Brighton I'm going down to see Anna
spend the day with her and we need to
film a couple of videos and if you can
be so nice to catch up but I thought I'm
just going to head off early I'm
dropping rich as a dentist and I'm going
straight to Brighton I'm still obviously
mummy and I get there it'll be much more
enjoyable so I'm just quickly having a
little bit of breakfast and then I'm
going to drive because I normally get a
chain definitely easier to get the Train
sometimes you just fancy a long drive in
a warm car with radio and so I will
probably touch you when I get to
Brighton Pyrates have a nice day at work
I've arrived at Anna's laps and it's so
nice to be back here again we are Anytus
prepping for our videos I realized too
yummy
a heavy makeup on so I'm going to do my
makeup which is in this lovely Arsenal's
London bag but I got sent and I really
like it complete like a nadir obviously
of your home I know me too
Anna and I are about to film a couple of
videos so I can't film them because it's
a little bit of a surprise this a throne
it is a - this apron and might give
something away actually is a little
baking we're totally baking animal
afternoons will hopefully remain forever
so we're going to try and do these
videos I'll vlog a little bit along the
way and show you some of the baking and
then it'll be a whole afternoon of
eating our baked goods which I'm very
excited for I don't to give too much
away but we have finished this is my end
result I'm going to wash my face now
it's really fun baking with a friend you
should try it now we had will be baked
goods yes you thought we'd invite some
people round to eat them and so we've
asked Lily Melrose and Zoe if they want
to come round because they both live in
Brighton and it because you so nice
season we're going to catch up like this
we've all known each other since 2012 I
say yeah a long time we're like some of
the original London the blogger crew now
no one lives in London apart for me
yes because other people have seen them
and keeping lots of cake in Crystal easy
stuff we've realized that we've had too
much too much stuff already and we're
craving something savory so Anna's going
to make us an avocado on toast which are
really yummy chili flakes I've been
enjoying it's a bit of chili flakes I
have a condo dish not saying I'm not
saying work coaster as well
Anna's made me avocado internships great
weirdest thing we think advertisers are
most stressful vegetable because you
just never know when the right time is
cut them open and sometimes to earlier
like that and that you can't even eat
like my condo and I feel like I just
don't do it with you right behind I
still eat it but it's too far gone I
just like missed it missed the slot and
we didn't found an old log so real all
in and I said I have to get my camera
you can all see it oh my god
nearly and Zoey just left and I'm really
sorry to have a blog but we've been like
reminiscing about old blogging times
it's actually really late now it's half
sick I have to go home me and Anna have
done anything we were supposed to do we
had a long list of things to do but we
ended up the plug and fun with Sir Ian
Lilly
bar so maybe like a Mark Toner is the
daily drama party specific I just walked
into the flats I am home that was a bit
of an epic journey her in there other
there was actually no traffic but my
Google Maps took me really weird route
that I didn't know and if I needed my
eyesight I really struggle to read
Google Maps when it's on night mode and
I kept turning off the wrong exits and
doing all these things wrong and ending
up in really weird places so I'm happy
to back also all I've eaten all day with
avocado on toast so I'm feeling really
like shaky and I feel like I haven't
eaten enough today so I phoned rich from
my hands-free like an owl before getting
home and I said please can you order
your Domino's because we were chatting
about Domino's all afternoon and it made
me want one so I just go home and I've
got a pepperoni and mushroom Oh looking
you get you look super fancy Italian one
from Domino's that mean you're feeling
better than rich wasn't feeling very
well today sorry I wasn't here to look
after you while you were at work I am so
ready for this and garlic and herb dick
I hope one is enough this is my favorite
stuff I just pour it all over rich got a
little mini bottle of chili oil with his
mind all focusing oh it's so cute oh my
god Domino's was so good
I needed that sometimes you just need a
dominance I had such a nice day today
I'm really aware that I didn't vlog much
the morning Anna and I spent filming as
you saw and then when I got Anna's I
basically said for her why don't we
message Zoe and Lily because they both
live in Brighton and they're sort of
people we always say when we see them oh
we should do something and then we never
do and I don't know if you guys know
this about me like all my real life
friends know that
but one of my favorite things in life to
do is to bring people together I feel
like I'm a friend matchmaker like I love
it when all my friends become friends
which is why I have such a solid group
of friends because I introduce everyone
to everyone and I love when people
become friends I love bringing everyone
together and I don't know it's just like
a massive part of my personality so I
said why don't we didn't fight them
around and they can eat cake with us so
I messaged OE on Twitter and Lily on
Twitter and they both were up for it
we've all known each other since the
very beginning of blogging when there
were that many people blogging in the UK
and it is like not even YouTube this is
like mainly beauty blogger thing so it
feels like they're old friends even
though we don't look at see double all
the time and they came out at 2 o'clock
and left at 6 we had four hours of
chatting about everything we like
reminisce about old times we looked at
funny old blog posts and talked about
some of the first blogging events we
ever went to and old beauty products
that we were obsessed with and then we
talked about everything like what will
all up to now and how we're finding
things and it was so nice I just really
really enjoyed it there's such good
people just really like decent
non-competitive lovely girls it was so
nice so I didn't really end up vlogging
because I feel like when I'm enjoying
myself I'm not thinking about like
already to get the camera out I've
logged a bit when we were looking at old
blog posts old videos and stuff but we
just chatted and it was so nice and then
I drove home and you guys know what
happened after that
I feel really like warm and fuzzy now
after today I was watching either end
Emilia's vlog yesterday last night and
it was the vlog which I think she called
what you don't see on Instagram or
something like that and she tagged me
and a few other girls actually talked
about something which I don't know is
how many people talk about but it's kind
of how social media is kind of the
perfect the perfect part of someone's
life you see but how it's really
important to remind everyone and talk
about how it's not reality how social
media Instagram especially you probably
like the best photo of yourself in your
surroundings and you want to make it
beautiful but that it's really important
to remind yourself that it's not real
and not to compare yourself to this
person
Instagram life I definitely in the past
have done that by try really hard not to
and I try really hard on all my
platforms to try and keep it as real as
possible for me it's not so much about
showing you guys how I put up the
perfect photo but really it's not that
perfect because I saw like oh do you try
and keep it real but something I took
away from Amelia's log that made me
think about is how what you see of
someone's life online is such a small
part of their life and as a viewer
I'm also view of other people's videos
it's really important to remind yourself
that for example I vlog once a week I
have a vlog go up every Wednesday and
usually around 10 minutes and I think
it's quite easy when watching vlogs to
think that that's that person's life you
should think about it is ten minutes of
an entire week I personally don't really
show much of it feels like I show a lot
but I don't show me and rich cuddling on
the sofa or being intimate together
being that loving we're not really the
sort couple that like through PDAs we're
not like that a lot of people we're very
private about it also as much as I try
and be completely natural in front of
the camera when I get a camera on you've
got a camera in your face of the screen
and a tripod you're naturally in like
camera mode I'm always a little bit
sarcastic and trying to be funny as much
as I don't want to be I have a very
sarcastic humor and it naturally comes
out when I feel myself but when the
camera's not here and I'm not always
like that
and I think it's important when watching
someone to know that it's just a tiny
part of their personality and a tiny
part of their week and there's so much
more to the story and so much more going
on and you never really know and if you
think you know a youtuber you probably
don't and I think that's something we
can all remind ourselves every now and
again they really know where this is
going really I'm trying to be more
positive online I really hate it when
people think that I'm negative and monie
because my real life friends would never
ever describe me as negative yes I say
how I feel a lot are through that air
about today she said it's just part of
my personality that if I'm feeling a
certain way I'll say it and I have
strong opinions about things but I'm
definitely not a negative person I
actually think I'm quite a positive
person but I don't know maybe sites
tears my humor it comes across online as
negative and I find it really sad that
that's how people some people perceive
me I know my true friends and family
know my true personality so that
all good I feel like I've got so much to
catch up on because I didn't look at my
phone all afternoon because I was
chatting and now I don't know what's
going on in the world my friend Keisha
is home she lives in New York she's been
in Miami for work and then she had a job
in London and she extended her stay for
a couple of days so she's here this
weekend and I'm going from lunch with
her tomorrow which I'm really looking
forward to because I love when I get to
hang out with her
it's also my friend Hannah's birthday
tomorrow and she's having a surprise
party in a pub she has no idea it's her
30th and she thinks that everyone just
like isn't bothered about her birthday
she told me she's having a family tea
and I told her I couldn't come cuz I'm
going back to Suffolk see which is
family which is a lie so it's going to
be so nice to surprise her tomorrow
night she really deserves to have a nice
birthday and it's going to be like 14
lost there she thinks she's going for
dinner with like six people and we were
going to be there and she I just know
what she's like she is going to cry so
much I gave her her present yesterday
I've got her really nice necklace and
she loved it so that was really nice but
yeah I can't wait to celebrate her
birthday with her I'm going to go sit on
the sofa with my husband he hasn't been
feeling well today
so I'm going to go look after him even
though everyone thinks that I'm always
mean to rich and not always mean to rich
it's tea time I'm going to use my new
mug which I got from Urban Outfitters
and I've seen that on my Instagram rich
you want tea I always do green instead
of peppermint that on screen which one's
peppermint
I have Yorkshire tea decaf xr7 decaf and
night and it is so much better means I
actually go to sleep I always really
struggle to sleep my friend said to me
do you have tea at night neither yes but
I always have it can't be that she said
to try decaf and it made all the
difference
thanks yesterday I just finished
watching the NTAs of the National
Television Awards I recorded it and it
so nice I feel like they're like the
happiest Awards everyone looks really
fun then I'm going to take off my makeup
and brush my teeth and head to bed I
can't find anywhere suitable to prop you
up so I'm just going to leave you here
by the sink I'm going to start by taking
off my eye makeup this is where I keep
my costume or it needs a little pots
which I actually don't know where I got
them they're really old I've been using
the last pearl a respectives in me
waterproof eye makeup removers I've been
using for a while nearly finished it a
little bit of that arms and cross them
all and it takes off my eye makeup
really well I have maybe two or three I
have for tenders I really like Lindelof
here
like oil this video should be called how
to really hurt your back when doing a
skincare routine now I'm going to take
one more cotton wool pad I'm going to
take this giant bottle of pixie glow
tonic they have work from on to the
cotton pad and then just run it over my
face now I'm going to use a bit of Estee
Lauder eye cream I hope you guys caught
my last video that was awesome some day
I actually filmed an edge to that video
a while ago so I'm really hoping that it
made it to your subscription boxes
despite the fact it's been technically
scheduled on YouTube for a long time I
really hope you guys liked that video I
really liked it which is the most
important so I hope that you guys also
enjoyed the videos I enjoyed now going
to use a little bit of Estee Lauder
advanced night repair which is a very
blue key theorem I like to use sometimes
in the evening and then I'm using a
little bit at the key press I learnt it
called key press beauty and it's for one
this is an oil my whole evening cream
carotene takes about five minutes it may
seem long when I do it in videos but I'm
really fast at it and it's really not
completely
usually at this time rich is in bed
watching program on his iPad I'm in here
do missing kerosene and this is what I
watched YouTube videos I dropped my
phone up using the I ring on the sink
and I do missing key routine and I love
a bit of like bathroom time I'm going to
brush my teeth so they goodbye to you
guys you don't need to watch me brush my
teeth I hope you've enjoyed today's vlog
please don't forget subscribe to my
channel if you haven't yet and check out
my last video which was the makeup bag
kind of the only makeup products that
you really need for you on Sunday for my
next video thanks for watching bye
