hey everyone so just got up and today
I'm going to film a day in the life of a
youtuber so you guys know what we get up
to and we've got pretty non-stop days so
this morning I'm going to go on a run
and then come back and get some
breakfast so when I get my gym stuff I
literally have to stand on a stool like
this to get it because I keep it all up
here because these wardrobes are so high
but to be honest I really should just
keep it and drawers down here because I
probably wear my gym stuff more than any
of my other clothes
where I'm ready now for my run about to
head out door and I think I'm going to
aim for about 10k run
I tend to go on a run about once or
twice a week and usually always in the
morning actually just because I feel
like it really sets me up the rest of
the day gives me loads of energy and
it's just so really great to Venice
there's just something about going on
around in the morning especially now
that the weather is a bit nicer ROG I
love it
so much my run now so it's time for
breakfast I've got this homemade granola
here some almond milk and then also some
berries to go on the top and now it's
this time when I just kind of sit down
enjoy my breakfast and I go over
comments on Instagram and also YouTube
videos it's just like the perfect
opportunity while I'm eating and
so now it's about the time when I just
catch up on emails I normally have quite
a few to get through and also editing
writing blog post all of that kind of
stuff II try and get the admin stuff
done earlier on in the day rather than
later so that at least it's just out of
the way but at the moment I'm just
flicking through a few magazines just to
get some inspiration of what to wear for
my photo shoot that I've got on later on
I've got about four outfits to shoot but
I'm just always looking through these
kind of fashion editorial picks because
I just love all the different kinds of
clothes and obviously it keeps me
updated with what's on trend and
everything so yeah I think I'm going to
go now I'm just fine looking my wardrobe
and see what what going on what I was
thinking was this gorgeous dress here
that is brand new and I love the back
because it's backless it's just got a
lovely bow I'm definitely going to do
that but also where is it I've got a
really nice shirt somewhere ah here it
is is this shirt I really really like
that and I just saw a really similar one
in an editorial sheet in one of the
magazines so I feel like that will look
really nice with ripped jeans and then a
couple of other outfits as well and I'll
figure out the shoes in the bag so this
is basically for my blog so every now
and again I'll just get a few outfits
done in one day so that I've got nice
and really nice content like fashion
content and my blog or my Instagram kind
of thing so this is one thing that I
always try and do at the beginning of
the day I love writing lists so I create
a list of things to do for work and then
a list for life and that just really
helps me find the balance between work
and life and for me being on stop is
about aiming high staying positive and
powering through and alone non-stop days
can be daunting
I keep positive and remind myself that
at the end of the day is flattered I
love not knowing what tomorrow brings
every day is different and that's what
motivates me
and now it has been a time I'm going to
be making it somewhat delicious food
from my boat eat smart and I'm going to
take a few photos make Instagram and
interest stories that kind of thing and
then I've got a friend coming round
later to enjoy it
and here we go these are my Cabana
mummys little little sticks here and one
tip that I always do when I make these
it's always in the summer by the way and
if you rinse season water or even best
if you soak them for like half an hour
and water it prevents them from burning
I'm not promising that they're not going
to burn at all but I'm just saying it
will definitely help so these are going
in the oven now there are about 20
minutes so here it is the finished
product this is a bulgur wheat tabbouleh
salad and then these are my veggie
kebabs with my fetish sauce and I've
sprinkled over some coriander as well
and there's some fresh lime to squeeze
over the top as well
so I've taken all the photos that I need
for Instagram of those recipes and now
I'm just going to set the table my
friend should be here soon and we're
just going to have a really nice night
in
so that's my day as a youtuber I must
say though and I'm sure every youtuber
can agree with me that every day is
different
and that's why I lost this job so much
it's just you never get tired of it you
never get bored we get incredible
opportunities I'm so grateful for we get
to travel everywhere and I truly truly
love my job and but what I really love
to see what I'm really interested in
seeing is what your day looks like when
you have a full-on day so if you share
your non-stop video moments using the
hashtag we are non-stop I'll be able to
see that see what your kind of salon day
looks like and yeah I'd love that but I
really hope you enjoyed watching this
video and I'll see you soon bye
