all right mate how you doing welcome
back to Lima video I'm back at our
brand-new Stadium today
London Stadium you may have seen the
recently of the channel went for my
first game here which in the Europa
League qualifier if you won today's an
equally big game yes it's a friendly but
our position a huge we're taking on your
ventus in a massive match hopefully a
sign of things to come in terms of the
sort of opponents we can expect to host
here this stage in the future I'm
excited to see what sort of team they
bring it's also they got some great
players we've got a boner an extra bonus
player as well playing against them
hopefully we can get winners if we get
win against you the second game here
remain on being at the new stadium and
really the signal of intent as a sort of
club we want to be told where we just
finished winter
this goes to chat to me I see in the
stadium step back from holiday this time
go steady with us so see what he thinks
the new stadium as well hopefully like
we're also going to be washing today's
game in style got some food in here for
VIP here we go now that's washed up and
take a look at the viewers hello not bad
at all
decent calm question is what sort of
team event is playing obviously Paul
book was not going to be a Buffon
hey Danny Elvis Jannetty a piano to me
let's see this decent man zoo snitch to
meet you poet is on the bench
Trina's gonna play worth it it was
massive big Wayne on the bench of them
as well big okay starters here we go of
the the chicken steps back so we don't
wait what we need is a food of Jeff
good to know
snow day soup
like nearly kickoff time it's going to
be interesting to see how today's game
goes does they have bought a decent team
they've got hick Wade on the bench
they've got some quality players
starting as well can we beat using let's
find out take a look at this
salmon cheating
Michael
wearing a special commemorative game
remember like the original web cam came
to this game doing a
oh boy
into the home Merson chose to go what do
instead you may have brought the other
end and scored one nil today I'm
thinking of the barley' talented strike
and order level good came out true the
first gold is here here we want three
nil one person obviously not an official
royal compared to game though still
haven't seen in the competitive game I'm
going to hold on to that that as long as
I can but yeah they've got a very good
team and they punished us on the brain
one no you go
tony'll blog the top of that while
Marianne Mantzoukas with the goals this
could be this could be painful you know
still not considered garbage that's
still like a pet
in short the poison quality gotta go
through one over here come on
it is gonna buy it is he going to come
or later
to see what I look incredible go line
scrambles ever seen come off the bar
Adri on Mercedes tee off the line can
you believe MCAS need additional sarcoma
later
I hope Tom analysis I think that we get
in there and off when or and hopefully
we can kick on in sticking off get to
meet you fly off the bitch causing some
problems Odyssey the youngsters come on
as long maybe more in Samuelsson got
some skills Tony's going on skill coming
people as well to each other they a
doesn't get a lot of first input units
and I've seen them go maybe events will
bring higway Don the voyage could be
dangerous wrong let's see
okay guys halftime still and I managed
to bump into someone I'm sure you aware
of smithing how are you mate oh yeah I'm
good how are you I'm broke it comes to
those days in which being a I'm loving
it I offer you from today my video
really lucked out here I'm sure you
enjoy many many seasons here love rings
what do they like that I can you'll be
able to backstab this like yeah you
don't really come on you must admit it
you must get here because even to me
it's got that kind of that Wimbley prior
to the outer space crazy inside
everything is just so display of the art
and yeah you have to be blessed to be
here yeah I mean what the luckiest thing
I guess this whole process of probably
the fact that they decided to host the
Olympics is right we were I think at
that point we became the obvious thing
for it and location but yeah if they
hosted it in West London
it would have been Chelsea which else I
was getting it yes and one thing we got
to talk about they here mate we're
getting a lot chat on your channel on my
channel about our potential farmers
versus hashtag UNITA fixture I came I
think show that there's been a little
bit of back and forth on Twitter a
little bit of banter here and there we
want to confirm for you right now it is
going to happen easy in the is in the
progress have been set up we were going
to do it a while ago the reason we had
to postpone it is because of the weblink
up which you may know coming up
basically the fixture was going to for a
few days before that and if I was to get
injured from it mr. Wembley Cup I'd be
in a lot of trouble
and so we've proposed it but it is going
to happen unless you prefer that we just
go in there because when we go out to
Division three we're going to play with
this Sunday
the clamp and as a mark of respect from
farmers and they are a good team 15 goon
alright and we thought we want to work
our way up through a Newton you haven't
played the other long time crooks you
were quite new we're going to stop in
that first there was some dating soon
we're playing it's sort of trying to get
teams hard and hard as we progress and
Parliament is going to be a real test so
we want to work up to it I think when we
do do it'll be a nice event hopefully we
get some of you guys down to what you're
in an organization yeah but yeah just to
confirm Palmer's versus hash that night
is going to happen and we're going to
win it where's the way and see that's
the way to say I'm sure you think your
boys are going to win I think what I've
always can do it I think we could win it
hashtag United turn up I don't know what
tricks you've got up your sleeve I don't
know if you're going to bring along like
a kingpin one you might need to make
mark no mistakes gotta go right handed
them round they don't need that confirm
or I'm told you as much as well I said
let's sign for Wickham you're not going
to get the cheese for cone elsewhere
that's right enjoy the rest of the game
I couldn't see you at the matchup soon a
new shot he sent people look at ok
second off to kick it off got a few
substitutions he Gwaine he's on the
pitch the eventers which is dangerous
Antonio has moved up the pitch for us
Pegula's got off we've got resources on
reefs per quod little bit youngsters so
we'll see how we get on their beds for
the ball in here you've a get rid of it
boys
it all James Collins backwards as well I
was out of hand at that and you had
Antonia getting a chance to go further
forward as well
DK will get himself golf probably the
right thing to do because he's gonna get
injured any second
so we've shown five six minutes left and
they've scored a goal because ours are
the glider that stupid but in Pendleton
euros I think resource would constantly
be a little bit more outlaw over the top
three two new base to the point
it's all over free to defeat shame but
only a friendly lots of positive to take
from that main one being nd Carol
getting two goals against Juventus
there's some good players playing
obviously hit ye didn't get a goal
75 million controlled by James Collins
you know I'll take that the main thing
is the competitive games that you're
openly the Premier League there the
games we have to win and I'm seeing good
signs and we still haven't lost a
competitive game at London Stadium said
what did you think your first experience
the new stadium I really enjoyed it mate
is absolutely brilliant to walk out
there we see the clamor everywhere one
lobbies concerns was wouldn't look like
a West Ham stadium it definitely does
and yeah we lost a game for me the
biggest positive is that Jimmy pyar has
turned up for work this year come on
he's always got a turn up for work when
it's not soccer well we just found these
two hashtag mugs stay by for the game
what do you think of the stadium
Stephens I think it's lovely why I'm
just saying it's a signal on social
media saying that you know the sting
seemed a lot further away and there on
the bowling but I think the atmosphere
still there did forget taking far away
so I love it you're always someone who's
kind of dilly-dally between football
teams so you can be get your West Ham
fan I was like oh it's which did win 4-2
at the weekend so I'm going to stick
with them until they lose but when they
do lose might come over watch this space
good to know good to know Manji
obviously you're an Arsenal fan we're
not going to convert you anytime soon
although you were Man United fan when
you're a kid I remember that quite what
do you think of the new stadium good
stadium gray Stadium actually
structurally sound all the key areas
delivered great atmosphere when I go to
watch Aston why normally get me a peace
and quiet I can hear myself thinking
there so it could get any work done
hopefully they're not for you because I
enjoyed the game a good atmosphere I can
see you guys being very happy there so I
think you've done really well good
location and great shops and restaurants
later so she goes home for them yes well
I just got home in time towards the end
of the Community Shield final sores left
hand scores last minute ish winner for
Man United's so d symptoms at hand I
want to show you something now get your
opinion on it you may have seen the kit
we are wearing in today's games and Luke
is like a third kid it's a commemorative
kit now it looks like this it's blue
it's got a color you may notice is a
different different badge to normal West
town that's because it stands for Thames
ironworks FC it's all about the history
of West
all started I got your group of guys he
worked in a factory essentially coulda
Thames ironworks that's why we called
the ions and this was the original badge
looks like so this is harking back to
that I still may be responsible I bet
way the same as our other kids we the
sponsors a little bit harder to see
there's a bit of a different style but I
want to see what you guys think of it
cuz I have made my mind up as to whether
I like it or not yet I mean I definitely
like the fact that we're remembering our
roots and I like it as a top I'm not
sure about it's a football shirt though
I thought was more like a polo shirt but
I don't know let me know in the comments
below what you think of this new
commemorative kit anyway guys that's it
for this video I hope you've enjoyed it
drop a like on the video if you have
subscribed for more hopefully that's a
sort of caliber team we'll be seeing at
London stadium more often you know if we
do one in the Europa League maybe a few
years when they'll be in the Champions
League
we'll play you V through in a
competitive game who knows I hope so
though I hope so see you next time don't
go changing
