good morning angels like a map to my
youtube channel I'm feeling really tired
today I don't really know why boo I
think it's because everything from the
last how many days four or five days or
just completely hit me because this
morning I've just been doing loads of
admin work and stuff from sorting out
the internet so like you know boring
sit-down things I just think it's the
first time I'm actually been able to sit
down properly and not relax but you know
just think relaxing my body in a few
days and it's just I'm just exhausted a
room sudden today's plan actually let me
see you down because my back's within me
I'm over the last week I've literally
like developed the body of a grandma or
if my face is a bit shiny
why apologizing my face is shiny Eddie
sometimes your face gets shiny ain't
doesn't really much feel complexion but
we all know what they say boo I am the
glow queen I am today it's just about
doing all of the things me and Connor
have not been giving ourselves the time
to do for example the food shop oh we
had to eat fried mat we had a Domino's
Sunday night we got McDonald's I think
and then yesterday night which was
Monday night we went out to dinner with
my family
so we have not been eating fresh and my
diet is in really poor a week or two
before we actually moved I was giving go
free eating a go and I did really enjoy
it but I just feel like I need to be in
the right mindset to be doing that and
right now I just feel like my head is
kind of all over the place so I'd rather
not restrict myself with any dietary
requirements just while I'm getting
myself settled into this place
we'll probably return to being day free
well I'm one of my life just calms down
to be honest so yeah today when you to a
food shop I need to go and get some
boring things like coat racks etc I'm
going to try and give myself like a few
hours to try my luck this afternoon and
just chill out yeah so the internet the
internet is finally finally finally
being done after days of trying to sort
it all out the people at virgin have
been really really good and someone
should be coming out either today or
tomorrow I
the internet so that I've been like the
enemies of videos up it's taken hours
and hours and hours to get them up like
literally about eight to nine hours
which is just unheard of for me I
usually got my videos up with the sword
like twenty thirty minutes so when they
come hopefully my videos can be up a lot
quicker I have a boring day but I just
thought it bit the camera can Rob
because I know you guys love these sort
videos you know so I had loads of really
good suggestions for our bedroom I
cannot wait to get this sorted I want to
get some blinds why can't I get blinds
from you guys I know that don't album do
some good ones like sixteen pounds which
I think I'm gonna get I'm gonna pop out
to the shops now in a minute anyway so
I'm gonna see if they have any cuz I
would love to just have them now you
know what I mean is anybody else like
that I'm so impatient when it comes to
online shopping the nearest on Elm is
back in Bristol which is about an hour
away for us now I haven't really got a
time to go to Bristol just to get a
bloody pair of lines you know I mean so
when I go out to the shops and see if I
have any that I can actually buy in
person and bring it back to my flat to
put in my window that was very
expression eeww and I think here I'm
gonna get an ottoman or something or a
chez lounge however on earth you say
that may be getting nice rug and I want
to get a little table for that this
corner is giving me grief it's very big
it's very spacious look how many steps
you can see my feet look how many steps
I can do a lot that is gonna be the
dedicated Christmas corner and nothing
is gonna stop me from putting my
Christmas tree there literally I can't
wait for that to be full of a Christmas
tree December the 1st probably even
earlier than that Who am I kidding this
face I think I want to put a little desk
or something I know we have the big desk
in the beauty room but no a little desk
maybe sit down the cow at the lovely
High Street still obsessing over my
dicenio-- frames fuck wait for my dining
chance to come I think they're coming
tomorrow oh my god which totally reminds
many to check my post office the post
office my post box run your stage that
this one knows like uh-huh well nothing
getting any posts no like have you been
checking the post box and I was like no
boo
that's why anyway so I'm gonna wrap the
shops now get a few bits and bobs but if
I'm actually gonna show you because I'm
actually gonna film them as like cool
videos like I'm gonna do a pile and
holding there
autum home or i just feel like i'm i
really am i overstepping the limit with
this i feel like this is too random of
an outfit you know I mean sliders
cropped leggings from Primark good
evening from misguided and then the posh
handbag
I can't redo this can i what should I
eliminate though that's the question
definitely not ready to say goodbye to
sliders just yet I'm just not boo
don't we have any other bags no maybe if
I popped some longer leggings on with my
trainers that might be a bit better I
dare oh look there is everywhere you go
oh my god it was so funny the guy that
delivered this mirror was like why do
you have so many mirrors in your house
and I was like sorry sorry and he was
like yeah look you have a mirror there
you've got a mirror there heels like you
obviously just love looking yourself I
was like huh call me I feel like that is
a bit better you know I refuse to take
this off this is my new favorite and I
generally have an option but to not
change my bag to be honest
let's just hope I don't bump into
anybody I know I'll run to the post
office because I'm taking back some
horrible buddy remember that awful
jumper dress I got in my car if you
watch the hall you'll know depop
liveries yeah that all for tuning dress
keys welcoming keys yes this is the
biggest problem I found what a great
angle but boo I'm gonna tell you anyway
they're just like the biggest issue I've
found with having my own place always
like I've got my keys I've got my keys
cuz I'm mad indifferent to have my keys
spare keys I'm gonna get some spare keys
cut good idea boo good idea see
sometimes talking to a camera like a
Kelowna tick actually it's okay because
you speak a little my pass yes my pass
have a got my phone I think so
okay guys so when to the shops came back
Connor came here then we went to do our
big as the shop and I'll show you guys
what we got first of all of course we
picked up these these are like 349 to 4
which is so good
I got a few home bits I picked up this
cushion which is just do you know I mean
can I get a minute look at this it was
five pounds with my back to my future
room so got these just some food storage
because obviously weird we have nothing
like this a man site we've got some
glasses there were fifty PEP I thought
you know bargain eat up this bath mat so
that was pretty cute cut room how much
that was and he goes like five pounds
Connor got some paper plates much
against my wishes you picked up these
here's like art it's gonna be so good
because there won't have to wash up do
you know I mean I just rather not I'd
rather hear more sharp but moving on to
the food got some fifty percent less fat
cheese that cheese is so good I've got
some of this down free spread it's like
butter oh this is cool coconut okay I've
got some flour last time that doesn't
matter I know I'm not specifically go
free right now but I didn't really like
this last time I bought it so I bought
some more as a 102 butter got some tuna
Connor got some fat-free Greek yogurt
got some frozen fruit this is very mad
lead strawberries blackberries black
currants and red currants berrylicious
awesome frozen broccoli and some frozen
green beans present through and frozen
veg is just so much easier tough and
fresh like I love strawberries so much
of strawberries and raspberries they let
my favorite berries ever but it's just
always such night when they go out so
frozen veg frozen fruit you can't go
wrong oh yeah I forgot to mention this
as well we've got one of these Avant
razors with three pounds I think awesome
tip you know when you're an adult and
you have your own fridge and freezer and
you're in place and you realize it's
like a Friday night and you want some
chips do it don't have any it's just a
total nightmare so we thought we get
them bottom of this frozen chopped
garlic again just convenient handy can
why not stop some garlic bread
that's nice some treats for tonight
simply boo-boo-boo we got some of these
rolling Milky Bar you're good that's can
I get a hell yeah got some low fat
dalnyeo bolognese sauce just because you
know you chopped that in the recipe
drawer for a later date
it's cotton and it's like garlic and
herb sort of cheese that is seriously so
good we love that don't we corn and
spaghetti because again when you inhale
don't you realize you didn't have stuff
like this pisses you off a cute habbo
got some free-range egg mushrooms red
onions I prefer red onion so much too
white onion like whoo easy who even
likes white onion it's not me I prefer I
don't I feel like they're just way more
full of flavor you know some black
pepper pokers Connor got very upset the
other night woman he found out we didn't
have any black pepper so he bought some
if you practice kale because you guys
know I'm about the cow Chris life can't
wait to run my first batch of cow crests
in our new pads three just cool it Pat
who do I think I am oh I got some
crumpets caught working at crumpets then
because he's broken not soaking is there
a better catchphrase I don't know
got some bananas which we are gonna
freeze frozen bananas are grapes of
smoothies what Elsa frozen bananas good
for boo I said smoothies about it but
they're really good for that I think
conical because I was a deal was our
deal to Japan can't go wrong concepts
like but also got some of these these
are really cool creamy
super fast oats pterodaustro taught me
that boo yes and let me know how they
are
yeah it's just you yeah baby
Connor also got calmness all yours boom
yeah whole milk thins
he just like those two crack and I got
some Kings now soft white bread because
that's just the best bread in the world
and finally Connors not listen some
mediterranean-style tomato chriskiss
he's gonna eat that yes that has
everything we got for our as the shop
first grocery shop boo Roger Eklund how
did it go
yeah it was good wasn't there and that
is gonna go ahead and conclude this vlog
I really want to start doing some like
October decorating like Halloween
decorations and stuff I've seen some
really cute stuff in as adjust and then
Poundland value and I was there as well
and I just really love it but I just
feel like it's a little bit too old you
not I mean little bit too early I don't
know one that I've had to put to stop
buying pumpkins and ghosts and witches
cloths I love you guys so much
gives video a thumbs up if you enjoyed
it and if you want to see more vlogs I
know you guys let them know I love you
guys so much and I'll see you in the
next video
