hi guys welcome back to our channel so
today we're on the way to bar and we
can't ask you for some person
loads of other girls as well Carly's
gonna be there and Meg and repinned
upcoming and Suzy is going to be there
as well
I'm we're really nice trip and I be
ready to cry I'm off see Lucy coming
upon me I mean I can't wait to be such a
nice Gary chip away and apparently we're
staying in the cabin cause it may
provide like I don't work and we're on
our way to Paddington now to me the Nina
Ricci team and I think everyone are
gonna meet another pair as well like
Louie nice trip and we can all get the
train together so we're on our way to
Paddington and Lucia I forgot you been
to Paddington Station before we so know
also Carly's due to work out which we
need because we get a lot of trips so we
need Carly's help so they'll do really
good aside really excited for that I
could even be nice but those are friends
now so yeah so we'll see you at
Paddington
now in ivory and we have another 2003 an
RPP in front of us
I'll show you what there is needed is
nice Alaskan science and at least I'm
seven everything looks very very good
we're going to go see our groove later
we're going to a cabin and we're Rigali
and prepend is coming say tomorrow are
we really nice so we're now welcome to
the cabin walking to our room
we're we're we're going to give you a
room tour a cabin tour actually a full
like having two more community oh my
gosh I'm very photo babe we are be
excited to see our cabin for the night
yes I'm gonna so creeped you out died oh
my god they completely like a little
story but how you feel like giving
princesses in like him a little
fairytale house tonight you will give
you a problem for a minute what's that
cardi drink this is Carly's room where
the magic happens this is Carly's
bathroom then Carly has a shower here we
have Carly nice it's all ready to show
you I'm Tina come outside I like to tell
you why
you've got more how are you
even the keys really cute look at Wow
and this is the living space so we've
got the kitchen and a sofa and we were
fire going down here Oh wall and then if
we head through this always got a really
cool fridge this over live head black
eyes yeah we don't want anyone over here
yeah I just so cute this can be such a
nice trip away it is so cozy I just
can't wait to realize this room is
quickly like something out no why
we got some presents from Nina Ricci so
first of all I've got my mask I always
lose these so thank you so much I pay
these on flights and they lose them the
best thing I have some really keep the
Jarvis how amazing that necklace is I
quite like it well because y'all can do
a dance on it it's like it's like for
your people
yeah you want matching one friendship
thing isn't it and then I have the
cutest Clippers ever which I'm going to
live in for the next couple of days it's
like they know me so well Jon's like a
must I literally the best forever no one
talks that has a particular way of
racing's what about personal time and
what's efficient and I love her so I got
that also got given and Nina fragrance
one of my favorite fragrances and this
is actually one of the first places I
ever had and then this is the new
fragrance which is Luna Oh what's her
floor for some smell I like that watch
oh this is very you it's quite like this
my way very I love the fragrance because
I think I'm going to be amazing
we're now going to take some pictures
and Bible is about how going to paper
make for forget my pajamas after taking
these crab okay
now got our room service and maybe do
decided for a fish finger sandwich Carly
went for a will that seafood so named a
real name it's like a seafood salad bar
recycle it ATIP thank you free I got
even you to be phenomenal pajamas I know
I start to see specifically for Lucia
Nydia because I was worried they went
through a negative and I wanted to
impress them I want them to fancy me so
I got there it's nice because a nice
girl a day
I like the rights to the back I feel
like I could go out in this something
better yeah I got really nice yellow
heels with that you could get right up
I'm happy because you guys we are now
off to the secrets in Moscow much Mean
Girls thing is we're going to have to
run in the rain because we're staying in
a cabin which is really far away so
we're in fittest
are we ready we're ready I was going to
blog this I think it's now raining so I
wasn't going to be hilarious thank you
so big way love how were in the cabin
like the little secret having we met the
north begin fuck I'm like Dumbledore
said there I am this is a it very early
I'm off to Carly's workout and it's
quite funny good every time the alarm
went off this morning I just kept saying
five minutes five minutes five minutes
so we'll probably see you afterwards
we're all look at our look everything
when I'm all sweaty and yeah excited I
think and Beyonce and little economy
together and it is so nice is fresh very
sordid
as you really ready to sow like ready to
go you just send my eye makeup I've
decided to guys like a lunar inspired I
makeup today we're free blue increase
her friends because I do like this more
often this mystery of changing just goes
like a normal Goldsmith GI now waiting
for Carly of makes come over cabin I
feel like this flat in my house much
gonna close for cabin and then we're
going to go and make some floral crowns
which I'm very excited for because
I think is going to make my hair look
way better so my hair is not going to
plan so little bit of a mess if I wanted
oh my god so you guys think
yeah can you show us what you've done so
far
oh isn't it really pretty
I went for a Noonan five-round I've
always liked coordinated our main
company in them crown it's nothing fancy
website below Luna in between to Nina's
now coming outside safety features my
eyes are watering so much so I think we
should have some cieaura quite like it
was without kind of chlorine in it so
yeah you did we realize and when I was
going to eat lunch and then me and Lydia
are going to go to the spa we're gonna
have some facial this is their friend
gold this is what we have to do to get
good Instagram got soon I mean editing
program right
yes Lydia what I hang on it's really
nice thank you I kind of went for oh and
it's really really nice haha what do you
use everything everything there was blue
I almost like a dark kind of Lee much
mochi that's the lip I was going for
this yesterday and I can't stop spraying
it like the whole cabin
smells and who doesn't if night is not
how light favorites like you'll remember
the cabin from from there yeah this is
the fragrance that I was talking about I
had this when I was with ni 2006 by my
voice you in that was your first
fragrance remember that maybe yeah I
think I have you for most 15 or 16 I
remember I used to wear these we have
got that don't you oh yeah I remember
Scott I fancied its corny always for my
use of snow and ice on his wedding
yeah I was like that's a more that more
you fight me yeah like your
out of both of us I would say a lot more
different even though we're twins we are
still quite different so if you guys
want to get hold of this or want to have
a smelling cooling mouth like definitely
heading 7 because it goes on sale was
27th March which is - yeah yeah if
you're around Veblen's or you're looking
for a new fragrance by or you think oh
what Lucy media College Stephanie you
have a vanilla smell
yeah and pick this up and also these are
beautiful on your dressing table we're
going to do a room tour soon anyway
Lee's like all our dressing Taylor let
it might so good and what I love about
the two fragrances is that there's like
two best friends so this one is the more
HD best friend and this one is the more
enchanted magical
are you mean my friends okay the two
models in a spur which I thought was
very cool there's those best friends in
real life which is not the best place to
campaign is mix are actually best
friends so anyway we are now going to
head to dinner
repend is almost finished makeup well
yeah and then we're heading to the
enchanted forest the domains of pictures
of Lydia but me and rependa took I took
every pig to get the light thing amazing
so we're now ready for dinner and about
floral crowns on time I know it look
like we're about to go to wedding yeah
Mike I'd like a really like boho like
yeah I'd like people to dress I can
avert yeah yeah I do manacles everything
is that we gots out so Nate tonight at
home I don't know I think your gas cards
our room yeah yeah and literally will
just them I found someone you to
arsenicum it oh my gosh
when was that what we were somewhere
director phenomena concert oh yeah that
was a day I mean written that Nick we
stayed up the entire night and I for
I mean yeah four five no market plan I
was knocking on it okay yeah and then I
remember being like Lucy don't you agree
then we realized that Lucy been asleep
like thrown over loud like we were
digging down walking in do actually oh
my god is he found on the wall everybody
good earlier we were trying to do our
makeup every big day if Nikki one of the
funniest people I am funny
so we are back from an ugly dinner and
low and ice it's so magical so I
traveled over we opposite Suzy and Alex
and we were next to make love in their
houses make because we yeah we used to
go to wonder have you heard that clip
for but we went insane college yeah no
so we do the same people over just like
we are loved it's all the reasons I've I
know that get another Alex in seizing
and there's no chapter yeah I think what
we're going to do is take off all this
makeup my eyes watered so much you can
see for like I need like a new eyeshadow
primer but we're go take on a make sauce
get and I'll cozy pajamas and I think we
just got like shower and bear a while
okay what we can tell you guys tomorrow
I forget for like I can actually
remember if I've loved this morning ah
I'm gonna show you the outside of our
cabbage it's basically like overlooking
the night and it's pretty light never
like this is a lay just like water like
get think what we're going to do is
we're gonna make like another walk while
oh yeah the river
I'm we're gonna run walk up there for a
bit to my fading name video what I
looked over there and also there's
another carpet but I realized that was
that's all I'm having so big yeah oh
it's one cabin
nice really long time we're really lucky
to save the carpet it's really nice it's
like that are a little house yeah like
the last me I've been lovely I would
have we had such a nice time here and
it's it's so nice everyone very much
proper break friends isn't it like yeah
I really nice yeah are you doing about
everything yeah we found a place looks
like you are swing down hill and one
night I came in from the dance class I
did I'm so full so I'm thinking okay
we're her friends ideas yeah yeah I mean
it doesn't matter today we've been
friends I think with like four years
yeah a longer than that hey Jaime and me
oh wow surely if you're friends with
someone for more than seven years it
means your frame are colliding Oh
actually we're going to walk down here
but driving your feet and up to see what
we can find of dog if you found it magic
isn't it rependa leaving the cabin now
we will probably either see on the train
maybe when we get back home we're going
to get some editing guys I think
so now it's for the train and we just
got you in Jesus mr. ever I'm going to
show you chose it is a noona bitch - oh
I have my name on advantage because you
know what we have these on the floor and
we ate a whole lot in like 10 minutes
remember so good
so it seems a good thing I can take my
lunch go home it like that train it's
not quick trying to say I think it feels
really really quick right so that's
following I like a lion we can end our
festival Italy for moles we were with
all our friends if you like this video
just give a thumbs up I'll see you in a
next club bar
