good morning it's 5:00 a.m. a good hour
into my car gets here to pick me up and
then I'm off to Beaver whoo
can I get a hell yeah oh no God a pact
although I feel like I've packed very
light I'm worried I'm going away until
next Thursday I always think I'm on the
plane oh no I've left my wash bag
definitely in there this time mate
please just keep it on a house bottom
going okay time to go to Ibiza I'm very
excited I'm so excited exactly not
something I'm talking to you today a
fly's been delayed by 20 minutes so now
wait a little bit longer but then also
be firm my mate Luis as well he's
actually already in IV 30 o'clock date
earlier
I genuinely can't hear anything so I
always thought my head
I have arrived in our visa this right
here is my apartment for the next two
three day three day today tomorrow and
day afterwards I'll give you a little
room tour kitchen area where you can eat
your dinner and look at that
that empty candle holder this here's at
the bar area and then you prove here
you've got your kitchen got a bloody
washing machine a fridge with our party
water in there what's it here please do
not disturb
oh I'm thought oh my god I'm so I'm so
sorry I didn't mean to I didn't mean to
disturb you
sorry I'm sorry I'll close I'll close it
toilet shower toilet basin and then
through here is my room there's two beds
and waiting for Lewis Lewis has come
around a bit later on bye boring shotgun
the bed closes to the balcony is it let
those little terrace out there and this
is it I'm out here because the mobile
network three invited me out here
there's a view look and as well I've got
two friends are also working out they've
been working out an idea for the last
well this last year and this year so I'm
excited to go meet with them but three
gave me a goodie bag when I arrived from
one of the things that was in there made
my day lot I honestly can't remember the
last time I had these mini bloody
Cheddar's oh my word what a throwback
well throwback snack a skin waving whale
in the background I would see those like
that look around always straight away so
you see a bloody joint boob and stretch
staring straight back at me how do they
treat you guys to a little I caught the
Josephson work
yeah the Joe sugg work I'd I'm going to
show you how you can get into a body
shape like mine let's go
God those fast and that we get a good
bird throw away your legs teenagers
remember the next times while we're
doing this
Hajj up to the end already get a nice
nice knot at the beach this lift
whatever small is lift is described here
anyway you're going to on sunbathe and
I'm going up so Bible can't good it man
yeah see they mate all best see that
over there enjoy your what Korea it's
really annoying me so annoyed he's just
going going tan in the Sun oh yeah what
do I take she are you having a little
nap as well afterwards tanning the Sun
in a nap and I'm off to burn off my
barbecue so technically that's actually
just as good so this is our view from
the hotel this is a hotel isn't it yeah
hotel balcony let you got tennis quick
over there
everything is very oscillate Bohemians
that is that right sir just got of his
travels no he's got a small girl in his
hand mr. Paul what was used and the
hotel that was used for classic media
video I've gone was called Hotel
Tropicana trap O'Connor drinks are free
it daddy
there's enough for everyone all I want
to know is other drinks still free and
now actually no I know that I know
they're free they are free he also I
just have to point out something that's
slightly concerning I might be wrong but
I'm pretty sure every table in this
place is a Ouija board chedi dude
haha with this again - you know where I
am well last night got pretty
interesting you saw end up doing karaoke
in Freddie Mercury's bathtub as you do
sorry
Freddie before I head out to the next
place we're going to we don't think it's
Ocean Beach Club which I'm very very
excited about I just all-time whenever I
do so go out or do anything or go for
party stuff I have to check my snapchat
the next day I just solve recap what
exactly happened it really fun let's
check the weather shall we for today oh
oh my word
that is that is what I want to see I
know you're thinking but Joe how can you
check the weather I'm using your phones
that easily once you're abroad I can
we've arrived ocean beach club before it
even opens oh it's a lot bigger than I
thought oh my word it's huge
you're gonna love this it is I thought
this until I sort of four or five tables
but it's not it is huge this is what it
looks like the foot whilst everyone
still asleep hungover its guy over here
is mowing the grass but I feel like
three chemnitz fake grass what's he
doing always like a buffer oh now I feel
stupid this is what you do when you're
at ocean beach buggy no everyone usually
just
gets drunk I don't I go into virtual
reality
the walls are melting I mean I mean I
mean someone's lounge at the moment
maybe I'm now actually other DJ but a DJ
booth yeah this is Charlie by the way
from kiss and Charlie's gonna teach me
how to how to DJ 10 turntables Oh CJ's
the Mixr headphones everything right USB
which nicely get the checks from I'm
gonna have a my very first vices my
first I think I'm dead before but I
can't member I was doing so I'm gonna
have another go and a master how to be a
deejay
so I finished my deejay lesson with
Charlie I'm just so so glad that it's
currently not open because it's actually
it's a lot harder than you think if you
do do DJing and you watch this video
fair bloody plays here because I can't
is is difficult and apparent you have
like one ear that is better than the
other so when you have two headphones on
you'll have one ear free you've got a
good ear free I have not I still don't
even know which ears my good ear I
figured I just have both I just have bad
ears the whole time I can't hear I
couldn't hear anything I I saw hoped I
could do it but but this place is
honestly awesome we're in the like the
VIP area now the Ocean Beach you've got
your the fans wait hang on watch it see
yep I know it's do it heat yourself cool
yacht the sea just there look look at
this place it's actually unbelievable
and it's actually it's actually quite
nice looking at it whilst it's all still
empty obviously I'm a youtuber so nice
being inside a lot and being on my
laptop and phone but not only do they
have plugs fuckers in here they have UK
plug sockets and that's a year at one
they have the best of boat it's almost
like they know it's almost like they get
me frightened before the the party
actually starts I just thought I'd take
some time to actually speak to you about
you know why I'm here what I'm doing
here exactly three is actually my mobile
network anyway and one of the reasons
why this is a Fun Factory this is why
this whole thing is like perfect for me
your country very very soon keep it out
for me I'll be back we've been pouring
leave must lose my suitcase because I've
got a habit of um um my bags not being
arriving in the airport
so what are you doing what are you doing
look where you are and you're under a
towel ah I can't see too subtle
everyone's looking at you thinking who
is this guy
oh I'll let you off yeah
we're gonna end it here um Lucy's just
extended her check out until 11:30 oh no
that's for us I don't know oh you can
try and do the same down now on the
phone so we're not go on Joe's boy hey
where's the phone man it's nothing
yourself got some I check in online for
my flight later on today to Barcelona go
on to Budapest I know you're thinking
Joe Hagen do that your Wi-Fi is not
working in the hotel room I'll tell you
why because I'm gonna feel that iron
package right use my data and no extra
cost and that right see oh yeah
Venus is making everything quicker it's
making the world spin faster laughing
anyway right again the book that I hope
you enjoyed it if you did get big thumbs
up all the information to the feel at
home package is down the descriptions go
and check it out and I will see you very
very soon with a look Cheers bye
