hello everybody welcome to tootin Glen
which is where we are for the weekend
where we've come here for one night to
celebrate Amanda's birthday everyone
gathered around the donut who's going in
for the first one I got very much but I
can't get against Mitch from coffee one
mom you can have that laughter the
biggest and then poppy will go for that
one yeah but I kinda want to be weak
I'll have to have good ones will be on
me that one there
let me not be only all propagate good I
like the IATA why on that size the
smallest how are they guys I started
today yeah I got a weekend oh yeah - oh
wait no hang on I don't know which one
I'm going for this one for gestures
changes in all of us pain I like mouth
germs on each other yeah look at mine
mmm
Cole saw Cole no culture no culture
every time we come here it just gets
like more and more amazing and just like
more and more generous like look at this
oh look at this um what is called mat
doormat Elsie and Zoe country pad this
is the coolest thing I've ever seen
sure you're never gonna get one well
hope you don't get three oh my god I
appear below eyeball I'm like how do you
get this done this is so cool and he
said we can take it so I'm very happy
about that
although I don't know what this would
look like in our conservatory whether
people will be like alright guys make
yourself a little people will think
we've made it for ourselves and that
we've got it in our house to be like
this is our
country Patek this I know after country
one and we've got what have we got here
some try the room you what they are this
one is my favorite the lemon one on our
way
yeah lemon pistachio something
I'm sorry droplets 0 oh nice that looks
like a banoffee banana oh not me but we
got here some taittinger I am going to
drink the whole bottle and then we also
got you want denser if I kind of ate
dessert oh did you realize I you ate
video today you are Maura
it may I ask the ray my god not 305,000
sighs don't you dad and then the
beautiful little square of flowers which
I absolutely know and then look at this
so the boys have all got some gin and
tonics and then for the girls we've got
these two BOTS
how cool is there and then some loose
leaf tea this is my outfit for today I
have on my space trainers from so likely
the common project I can't remember corn
project space trainers stripy trousers
from Zara this top is from Jamie closing
jmo me Joanie Joanie okay so the t-shirt
is Joanie and it says every day
Breakfast Club and then this what these
things called
oh my god having a combined blanket with
you bomber jacket is and only the blind
one and it says only white and has a big
pocket on the back which are kind of
like that is my outfit and three cold
sores just for good measure I'm
currently doing Poppy's makeup
I'm currently doing probably break up
but what I'm going to show you what ones
were using better and fact like priming
filter what so the first thing we're
putting on is a primer we're now using a
Rimmel lasting finish which is not in
focus I'm now going to put this on poppy
but watch what happens it's so watch
what happens a little bit on there tap
it off just lightly dust it watch this
on the cheek
oh and you see that I got that so can
you see the glow for the magic buffer
and then on here oh look at that glow
magical I'm going to just a little bit
over your eyes all that I so much better
than the other right oh wait hahaha nice
fine nose there we go
you Arthur look at that you do look very
glowy now let me see you love it yeah
you might want to put do I oh I'm on let
me do a bit of my concealer and your eye
we're off to a farmers market Georgia
guarantee oh here is really anger on
that jac yarn - hi banana close why
choose as well go for mousey you're not
welcome here
sorry about dinner tomorrow it's not
hearty and I cry if I want to oh I've
got so much on my come around oh my gosh
no I love this like like I hope you do
your best catwalk struck he won't do it
sneaky little Christmas tree Wow my god
these sweet peas well like I sound like
my mom but don't actually smell them
yeah smell them that all sweet peas Oh
Wow we've now got a little piece Pizza
whoa we've just arrived we got pizza
we're at this little farmers market
looks great Tobiah I think he offered it
as like a yeah come to yoga oh no does
anyone else get really anxious when
people take orders but don't write any
of it down yeah
oh is it like I remember when we were
just giving him all these things like we
have this tree has a lot of business of
different types of bread and I was like
how is he gonna remember that I mean if
any of you are way to the waitresses you
duel by memory I applaud you it must be
years of learning but still I'm there
going and I forget something you're too
so I'm having a little virgin mojito
cheese is gonna be I'm excited okay it
is confident of what the process is I've
gotten kicked it
we are going back to good virgin mojito
not quite all over my jacket lunch time
we don't you think these steps look a
little bit like my face bar when you go
edgy right now anything yeah okay let's
go this way
birthday balloon business oh honey
well you look papi out by papi you're
standing on the thing that is the door
is done by a sensor I think I'm going to
happen
you all right there puppy in our bed the
Sun is out and I put on my swimming
costume
the hot tub and I also having three
pumps it was up what me and I'm going to
read start reading Louise's wild like me
I haven't started it yet because I was
doing the book club so I had lots of
books to read and select from but now
that I finished that and the book club
exclusive top-secret proof coffee which
has nothing on the fine I put it in my
bookshelf and I was like oh you can't
actually see what it is because it has a
glad to pick on the spine but yeah I'm
getting in I'm doing it all I need to
get a drink though because it's very hot
in there don't think I'm going to be
able to take this cover off I can give
it a try
I got in man I got big your head I'm
just um purring to fair whenever I sit
in the top terminus team always makes
all the crap come out of my face so
though you probably should have a face
mask on
oh nice blue net I like how I mean I
think the thing that freaks me out about
those things classes how small it makes
your mouth is the mouth such as go yeah
so I vanilla a little higher in form I
have with roses and you never liked the
agree don't get my face at all like it
goes halfway down my neck it was the
person that and I hold normally end up
my shoulder next turn around to asking
oh where are you
I'll see you again coming to in come
here
Kanye sauce you're my face you know
we're now having a little game of try
Alma nove which is a great game I would
recommend it I love when the clouds look
like they're is that what they're called
Nick nimbostratus I don't really know I
Shawn certain in verse three thousand
but I think that's a broomstick and
Harry Potter show whose number look at
the clouds they look so cool Alfie you'd
like what the clouds look like right now
dinner's arrived got me dressing going
on and we've got the voice kids on which
is are amazing I'm so obsessed with this
program every time I watch it I have
like tears streaming down my face it's
so emotional they're not turning
no gone gone Danny go on Danny huh
no one turns what he was so good so no
well you are bad thumpers arrived
breakfast I mean I don't know where I'm
attempting to pull it out with one hand
because that ain't gonna happen so we're
trying to debate whether we should have
threats outside or inside
I think outside would be quite nice cuz
it's very small so fresh in that Oh next
to something that you don't have right
so maybe Maya she might be able to see
how early rise darling oh yeah look
can she see you later yeah that reporter
here we can redecorate if she's going to
watch us do it
shut your doors go look look decorations
in the way it's actually quite windy but
we've put these little hearts out I
might just go and pull them back over oh
okay come on this side
there we go
and you've got breath look how cute this
look got little party hats stuff they
put in these breakfast hampers is always
so good and this isn't even everything
we've kept somehow we've got maybe 100
years and this is the present table so
excited and we just have a little
cleanup now little tidy up after that I
t-shirt drew that's local do want to put
gin through a little bit gin anyone okay
we've just added a couple of leaves and
some roses and now I think now I think
it's perfect I wish it was my birthday
do you have any more vests or is it over
oh you do I wish we tie some little bows
on the chairs I'll do it quickly
oh I should go
okay we added a bow to one chair good
one
probably could have done well I reckon I
could do it pop yay we've all got our
birthday hats on yeah I'm just opening
her prezi Louis gala - mmm delicious
that's a hot tough time Oh
oh it's hot Oh John joined
alfea's join or added Baba I'm wearing
the same as yesterday because I mean I
did pack another pair of jeans but it's
quite smaller than I thought
yeah all my battery's flashing in new
batteries
there we go new battery hormone minute
it's serious thought I just came to open
the box of chocolates that tooten had so
very generously given to me and Alfie to
be fair and really with altitude they
did say so Ella in them though so can I
remind us about life and then this is
what I was met with yeah how many out
chocolate selfie a know I hate 200 I
mean yeah but two doesn't even make a
dent in that does it I don't mind doing
more so now it did say so whether it now
sir than that and I've made a column of
the ones
Alfie's not allowed to eat because I've
not tried any yet so this is my this is
my little column there we go take those
home it smell like these we are now off
to walk to get some lunch but look we've
been given little bag fine Detroit yeah
yeah I just love it here I don't want to
go home and buy tree house the kinesio
on their phone
bye Alfie bye Nick look how beautiful
with all the mottled light through the
trees or get that shot poppy are you
having a lovely birthday so far Amanda
yay she's got a new bag on she's got a
metallic combo
look a shoe Oh John look I see we got
shiny shoes jennyline
so we take a picture of you looking out
beyond the trees where are the boys
do you realize what a beautiful day
remember when we went on a Conca hun
over there
yeah Nick what are you doing you need to
go in a bit more be throwing it in the
tree huh Sean you're playing with death
oh gosh
now comes a decent amount foot boy hood
our little inside to be on a dog
they are huge engine is here's everyone
yay happy birthday oh don't really like
thinking that they wrote a card is where
your drink down in front of it
we finished lunch at the kitchen and now
we're heading back to the car and making
our way back home but it's been so nice
we've never really been here when it's
been nice weather but it is so lovely
Elsie oh no I'm leaving not in
conversation that is right why because
I'll be shouted penis in the background
of my vlog I think this is often it
because I say what do you mean second I
don't like this game Oh someone come and
help me help me out me guys Oh what did
you say - what
can I have my shoe back now what did you
do I just happened in so hard on Toby's
camera my fingers falling Oh something
within my shoe if it was your foot
oh okay how the bloody out and you don't
want to beat their shoes I just did
right now follow my finger
have you properly fallen air that's good
love oh my god Sean oh it's a baby
because yeah papi I wouldn't come over
here it's all kicking on I need my shoes
pop try and get my shoe down jump
popping yeah oh don't worry I'll get it
ah why not we saw all the web stuff I
don't know what it is but you've just
learned both which the man I don't know
what our white stuff is on there laughs
oh it's not if I'd have gotten my she
hang bit me where's my jacket
Oh
oh where is it oh wow me I don't want to
play this game anymore than the world
it's man the word it's very ironic say
it's called only bloody mess verbs on a
hand I'll see if I can find them my
jacket back the little tyrant alphabet a
tree my god look at this picture
be careful okay everyone let's go is run
by a gleam summer party I haven't
actually enjoyed this video
after all we are now walking through
that regard
Mexican baby mommy's coming ahead
yeah right yeah okay well having a
gallery day and they never saw us again
just so cute in here I think during
peaceful like you think I could live in
here Oh three to six eyes oh oh oh oh my
good man okay we have to take Enrico and
I antimony to enjoy but look at the tan
oh my god on the ferris wheel
yeah would you know going down Sara we
are looking broad okay oh my god no oh
my god poor ah it's so you've got a
double bed in here shut ah
oh my god it's Y so there's bedside
tables Luke oh my god oh my god there's
no nipples
huh oh my god I love it Oh cute
we're in Bluebell oh my gosh seen a
dollar
how can I love that daddy longlegs these
are so to you this is crazy
oh look there's a little cash kids and
bag oh my god they've got my name on no
don't oh my god water we have a girl
yeah Fred the Wendy house kitchen oh you
are so excited about with Matthew my God
look coffee tea granola so Alfie ensure
a see fit so poppy how was your
experience with the psychic Gemma lady
spiritual as to be fair she really got
our characters like completely right
into it was crazy she said that would be
friends forever
yeah and that wants you're a friend of
someone you're a friend for life bro all
or not poppy them all or nothing this so
tree went to my friend John my friend
much my boy my wish and you nice guy you
have 50 friends and a boyfriend of 9
years is why did you when she got poppy
you ain't get rid of her
she said the poppy was going to have
three children wait and is why I was
yeah and all you want to go down the
middle ball goodness stray stuff yeah it
made me sit down I was like okay well
issues that you're going to have one or
6/1 are stick yeah
imagine there I mean I do feel like my
calling in life has always been to be a
mum like even since our little - maybe
going to enjoy friends in a really long
time they don't realize it really
pardon
and we welcome diamond again I have a
you're going to whisper kind of enormous
our excellent another line this is music
playing subsequent imprisonment
premonition that used to be in the band
oh my god this is myself it goes fast
I mean I get a for someone to decide
what sample final destination we're on
the ferris wheel I care to tell me where
did you really know that I'm sorry
oh crap down oh yeah you know what
oh my god even pull you address in this
is we talk about a particular looping on
cable
okay I want to go now I got me so mad
please okay look it Oh
can we stop with an X go please oh no in
here oh okay we can we pop up I'm like
all right laughter oh my god
I damn my marker
we've just had a little downtime in the
car chilling by the church very nice I
can hear a bit of a disco going on now
use this will be a little some another
diesel sub granddaddy door because my
little beetle burrito Shawn had a
burrito he said it was AC and he had the
nachos and a little Dorito fuckin
support you guys
hmm I am so tired
like I'm really tired I can't part you
all day thing just about pie for a
couple of hours to be honest super look
how beautiful it left three of my
favorite boys I am loving the dungarees
by the way thank you I'm the clicker on
a property critical I love it in the
notebook when oh my god yeah
what BK he says I'll go out with me yeah
Ali will you go with me this is such a
variance coming on here with you oh my
god what you started we got some
sparklers you don't even want to know
the conversations we've been having
library me most of the time
oh yeah
this is a cup of Abed in a tent since
man hasn't it been more fun it's really
nice just getting to hang out with
everyone we're not yet to see if we want
together that often nowadays really nice
and these tents alike ridiculous
thank you today so cool did he even got
like proper electors you get there's a
fan in case you get hot yeah down here
