we're running is moving day I am very
excited
I'm also very tired so I'm just popping
back home I've been at the new house and
I've just popped back home and so that I
can get Josh make sure everything's
going okay and the moving van is all
being packed our closes at the new house
and she is babysitting allah who is
freaked out she bolted out the car tried
to run away three intense it's been a
bit of a crazy morning so and yeah that
is what I'm doing right now I'm in
between very tired so um let's go see
what the packing situation is like I am
sitting on the van this is where all of
that's going to go I have no idea how
it's the - it may be apparently easily
excited yes yes the book tunes with
bloody bikes just sitting on the street
having a tea and a panini we tripled our
food up to the new house last night so
there is a literally no food in the
house to work up a small amount this is
a big mistake
I just know if you haven't seen my other
two moving vlogs now all links in an
infobox we go so we've had our breakfast
and we've just been sitting on chairs in
the street
kill yourself
I know it's really annoying this up okay
man alex has come to help us put some
Spanish together and she brought me a
nice little housewarming present above
get if you achieve a new plan and Erica
so whereabouts go back to the old
language and we've just been here moving
wardrobes around and giving Alex get
another tool we've measured Cena looking
guarantor just and I love it you're
gonna absolutely love it yeah we're
going to go back to old fat now and I'm
going to come back here I'm going to get
some alex is going to help me start my
new desk
yeah one that IKEA furniture memory you
need a you got asbestos
I know I get really into it's got her
own vanity dresses just arrived
beautiful huge big bunch of flowers like
peonies and roses these are from my
managers my interference grant thank you
so much these are so gorgeous I can't
wait to put them in of ours what I can
find the valve is from one of the boxes
it's it's quite a bit later now we're
having some lunch
josh is Josh's awesome we're not sure
what he's doing but and yeah Alex and
Aaron went on a mission to get us food
you happy of your work another thank you
very much for this if you can have
guests and Alex's love the other day
paring down pick this up for me and I
love them both so much love so my
pinboard my computer's going to go here
the Lighting's a bit weird in here is so
bright we actually have natural light
you're right down there Kevin we don't
oh this is ready for me to sleep on yes
yes great looking forward to it which is
my home you can just imagine how sitting
on the bed looking at the window like
queen of the house good morning starting
my vlog off in the same place early
yesterday this morning I am up at like
an ungodly hour I had to get up super
early to a cleaners in to are LSAT so um
I'm time I think it's safe to say it's
going to be a bit of a long day I'm home
just some breakfast to basically have
some raspberries and some yogurt and
some pumpkin seeds and a little bit oh
my god actually able to show you this a
bit of this which and I saw recently I
saw on Twitter I think tips are not like
tweeted that they were bringing this out
it's the custom not limited edition
chocolate case not his a nut butter oh
my god it's fuckin tightens the way for
anyone to get me to buy something in
this limited edition I'll buy like five
or four thoughtful as a whole like
in this cupboard down here and there's
just like a pimpin up section but so you
know me it's so good with raspberries so
ya have my breakfast been feeling was a
little human that we trying to open my
dishwasher is released it yeah and now
I'm about to go and do my makeup because
I need to go out this afternoon and Lois
is going to come and babysit nyla
basically whilst I am out and just wait
for loads of different deliveries
because we've got so much stuff coming
so much you getting my makeup cool yeah
so makeup time well I have to do my
makeup is a Beauty Blender so we're
going to see how this goes I think I
should be able to get yeah do a whole
face without any brushes I mean I mainly
wear cream stuff so actually it's going
to work okay I think it's only the point
where I get to bronze huh where am these
get bit weird cuz I know it's going to
start by neutralizing my dark so cool
success I tried at the moment yesterday
I just didn't feel like myself all day
because they're just it just in such a
strange day also at the moment I should
probably shouldn't be doing my makeup
today my eyes are so sore I think I got
like one of my eyelash extensions has
like fallen out and it really irritated
my eye in the night I woke up this
morning but I was just streaming
I got eyelash extensions because I
wanted to see if they were life-changing
like some of my friends say and I just
wanted to try them out like IGBT reviews
like you've got to try these things
right but I didn't I didn't love having
them I think maybe a lip tint in my
lashes would be better really nice I've
gone back to the NARS pure radiant into
moisturizer which some of you will
remember I used like three years ago
basically loads of my makeup preferences
I've just gone back to things that I
used to love all in all I think
yesterday was really really fun
stressful we had so much help it was
honestly like it's still moving a still
a bit stressful not stressful more like
you're just very active so it's a bit
like it
you out but actually on the whole it
wasn't really stressful at all there's
actually a really lovely day like I
really enjoyed yesterday has such a nice
time everything from start to finish
even like hanging out with movers they
you to Alex and Darren who were brick in
angel those two are ridiculous like alex
has a love of flat packing so we kind of
know you heart be why she was so eager
to come help because she just lives for
that though there was just so so nice of
President to come and help me help it's
so much stuff like it's helped fit the
bed together Alex like Darren did bit to
my office whilst we were the other flat
and just the best like so so grateful
for everyone that helped yeah thank you
to everyone that helped ok bronze over
the Beautyblender is interesting not bad
I think you blender doesn't look as
clean as it did when I first started I
need to get rest now and I'm wearing I'm
actually dressed but it's got really
really windy and this morning while I
was beautiful but yeah got like 2 9
o'clock and suddenly it's taking a turn
it very windy and cloudy so like not so
cold but like breezy this MIDI dress is
not going to not gonna work out with it
you've got makeup all over the dress
just like okay so ignore all the mess
that this is the outfit I've gone full
and just because this is easy to throw
like a jacket over the top of I'm
actually change these though for
I think in my head I was going to work a
lot so I might change this but this is
nice and casual and I can throw like a
jumper over this this is my a sauce
Farley jeans and then this is an Asus
body which I think I need to adjust a
little bit because it's looking a bit
askew and but yeah that's kind of the
main bulk and then I'll throw like
cardigans over the top I've got I think
on which I love so probably throw that
on and this is what I was wearing
no you're kind of I had that all laid
out to film and she just fat my job she
loves anything that smells like need
butter
and so this dress is from next put
buttons all the way down and then you
have a little like split here I picked
this up the other day when I was in next
on one fire furniture shots I actually
ended up picking up the wrong size
though but this actually fits fine I
would say this is probably really
oversized if this label is correct
because I'm sure it was on a ten hanger
and I got so six and it fits perfectly
so I would say size down with this
because well try it on because maybe the
labels were on potaters probably runs a
little bit oversized but this is like
perfect for me and I love it so I'm
going to pop this back in my wardrobe
and I'll wear it tomorrow wrong one they
sent me a green one and not a gold one
it's a mirror
some of its not no but feel fine because
they're going to take it weighs more and
redeliver it the sender to be great I
also like this arrived so well I'm wrap
it hopefully this will be the correct
thing this I've been sent the correct
I said Oh reckon son Hey
oh so annoying it's actually like
cracked on the bottom why why like we
have not had we have one delivery that's
gone right so far like here it's like
floppy wonder if I can fix it oh so
annoying
see how other items is in one piece if
it isn't there's something really wrong
with my karma alright take a little walk
into town so let's do some songs quickly
because I've got one empty concert it's
very annoying making back I look very
shiny and all that and I bought quite a
few things so I thought I would show you
and got another over here and notice
here if you hear any giggling yeah I
actually had quite productive shopping
trip at first the lovely lady who works
in spied upon wasn't there and I was
like this is not my day what am I going
to do I don't know what are we going to
do and then I went to another shop which
sells her plants to have a perfect plant
I'll show you
look at that so happy it fits perfectly
in my plaintiff is it a tape measurer in
there and everything I was like
measuring flowers like this which is
watching me I go and I'm not finish the
same shot
like non fifty and you can just put them
on a surface I thought that'd be good
for our kitchen when we're like making
coffees and teas and stuff like that and
then I went to oliver bonus you
picked up from skip bags got this one
with a cute little leopard print like
leopard print leopard alla print and and
then I got this knowledge and it gets
all cute I want them to do this I love
the bonus if you happen to ever watch
this vlog please make this and like hole
wrapping paper form not just sheets of
it whole working paper because I will
buy all of it and then there this one as
well this is really pretty long remark
you guys know I love a sentimental mug
and this one has a beautiful gold room
it's really pink on the inside and like
a and speckled pink on the outside and
these are like speckled gold and
tumblers and I have the cactus on
disease with the cactus like water-jug
slash I'm using it as a verb right now
and but I like the fact that these were
like the same they're this same shape
but they're not the same and like prints
we've got some frames and this is like
one of the vintage e style and double
frames and Josh and I got some socialist
purchased on the other day and we
haven't had had done for like four or
five years so I'm going to put the ones
that were five years ago and the most
recent ones and they're so that would be
really cute and then I got this frame
which in and outs and I have I'm really
and and also to these pictures when I've
had to put two of us in there maybe
that's everything of all buddy so it is
Friday we moved in a week over a week
ago now I thought I would just end this
little vlog so didn't get a chance to
end it you've missed so much in between
now and then we've got lots of new
furniture we've had a heat wave which is
amazing but I just wanted to say thank
you very much for watching and I hope
you've enjoyed the moving vlogs I'm
going to continue vlogging from now on
but it just won't be like lots of look
kind of like it has been asleep if you
want there will be an empty house tour
coming either on Sunday or Monday
let me know if you would like to see
that also if you haven't watched my
previous moving books then I will link
all of those up or pop them on screen
and down on the info box you guys and
also there is like a little sneak peek
of our
living room furniture that's going live
on the blog tonight so you want to see
if you the things that we got from the
house and where they are from and check
out that blog person yeah that is it
props missing to show you this because
I'm so happy with our TV stand TV fans
are not normally cute but I love it with
gray blue speech for so happy with it's
from next and such a fan I love it so
much and then we also got this plant as
well which it leaves change at different
points in the day so it's like a ways
that you it's really cute if you want an
eyewear stuff in our living room is from
check out the book post so that is going
to be it from me today I hope you guys
having the best day and I'll see you
guys again bracing like
