all right mate how you doing welcome
back to another video I have returned to
Wembley Stadium now I was here a year
ago for the FA Cup final between Arsenal
and Aston Villa great game I'm back here
again for the FA Cup final this time for
you man United in Crystal Palace now
I've also been a lot of other things of
course the Wembley Cup last year which
was sorted out by EE and there's
actually the people have invited me down
for this game EE to see this final and
it's not just any ordinary FA Cup final
obviously my team West Ham aren't
involved but we're kind of like a little
third team that didn't qualify for it
but are involved in this final because
what happens in the game has a massive
impact now sees the next year if man
United beat Crystal Palace we qualify
for Europe if Crystal Palace win we
don't qualify for Europe so it's very
important for today only and just today
I'm going to be supporting man united
steps could be meeting me in a second we
can enjoy the game I mean there's a few
other youtubers here as well few special
faces we can meet throughout the day but
most importantly hopefully see a great
game of football
hopefully man you win and West Ham
getting your open e just get in there
here he is Sammy's looking dapper hi
guys did I not get the dress smart memo
because I have not come in that dress
code smart casual yeah I'm a businessman
you know the man of man-about-town what
do you think could happen today I know
I've already gone through the fact that
we want man United to win obviously for
the West town connection but what do you
think is going to happen
I reckon it's going to be a good game
any pilots are up for their fans are up
for it yeah I think maybe your score
draw extra time you heard it here first
Oh lots of cards today Oh Charlie some
gone there it is too harsh no warning
don't even scarcer alright fair play
that's where they make the grass oh
hello this is a bit cheeky went back
into not bad guys there's a cup the
official ball boy yeah I saw my job I'm
just gonna stay just a it's okay go away
so good
letting your team lost the final in the
week tobey's who are playing in one what
do you think is going to happen it's
going to be a tight game
I've been cooking finish before 90
minutes really gangster time are you
saying hoping nothing 90
I'm with you today mate I'm with you all
the way come on let's just go a heavy
so cat
right guys I've been joined by mr. Tinie
Tempah how you doing I'm good how are
you very good thanks for joining me
we're here an ethnical final yes and the
first question for you push me is going
to win it
oh you know what I'm a sapling so I'm
gonna go crystal rabbit never here I
reckon they're going to build oh yeah
what about yourself did you ever play
football any good I used to earn us to
be younger but I obviously wasn't good
enough which is why I'm a rapper
concentrate very good that's one thing
yeah all my energy into one exactly
can't be get everything is that euros
are coming up yeah first question do you
see inland can win it I've got my shirt
here he's a very show like very
patriotic there you go to be honest if I
wasn't support money on this know in
France and house yeah therefore I
understand wanting disappointment at my
heart yeah I've been there before my
having that or we've all been missing
might enjoy today thank you very much
for joining here tiny big bite Debbie in
the FA lounge we got there this is a
little bit of a potato gnocchi in
chestnut mushroom sauce the question
everyone wants to know is it decent it's
more than decent has anything ever not
been decently for not yet this is this
is double D's what my question beer is
you've got your own YouTube channel now
can people expect to see food reviews on
there
Oh promised a new food review coming
soon on my new tube check YouTube
channel however you promise I promise
but video number two is about to drop
today oh my god get on there Stefan Gulf
by a new video you've asked for it there
until then back to my locket
nearly gametime got the team sheet
have a look the higher row home mass of
our shell Bruni Smalling carry Flynn
blintzes Lenna crash good start
could be going to the euros in the
provisional squad is every chance to get
a good game in the upcoming uh England
friendlies crystal cars in main danger
men will be Pulaski by so far corner
wicks amazing here we go
we're stand back
take the Bacchus name was
number makes aha
whoa
Fenella gonna when we still new hair
Alania to cover the headers before they
should
yet people on in today's open
as well as
we had some Super Bowl top yoga here to
see two boats are playing time let's see
unite on top see was came him Canadian
Orient
okay we're going in for a halftime
refreshments Neal Neal is a scoreline a
little bit worried the Crystal Palace
could just do some kind of wicked I mean
they're even less of underdogs the
wiggler when they want it my worried
Zappos could turn up here and get the
winner normally I'll be really happy to
polish to do that as an underdog always
support those underdogs nominees but in
this situation as I've said many times
this video I need man united to win it
this is why people are always late but
the second half of lambda games because
you have waiting to put a finish
snapchat make it better see Tommy scare
and watch football tell you what the
second half is going lively Mulaney just
black the ball against the bar
he wears with the golden
that would work the second time is hard
think you will lash out with a head of
I'm not sure
fuck that noise
women
enjoy watching this
now
a bike
you know miss McCoy right going
crisis logic
everyone
Oh
we are going to extra time it's going to
be half an hour further football may all
we know when once you may come across
every you're called extra time each loss
can happen now I pray every night win
laughing the games anybody I can afford
it
it's dangerous under night
and annoyed or thousand pavement if they
get the penalty
the next 50min is going to be a struggle
get played on Tuesday Onassis rematch
against Jordan
but we can hope
casually sitting in this is Colin
right
Oh
seconds left the way suits going to go
any second
there you go steady boy run our way to
Europe we're going they take you back
come on Tim still ones do one pull-up by
ground but that's more than the four we
were gonna have to do last year I wish
we only ended up doing three Google
knock down the third Monday in Iceland
it was silly last year got to go down
Dora there's only away trip I did see
the rest at home who knows where we'll
be going this year but I'm looking
forward to it
nice little trip away against these
different cultures Champions League or
in some France Germany it is or
hopefully you get to go to places like
Bosnia now they are praying all the big
names I've just got home after a lovely
day at Wembley Stadium made all the
better for the fact that West Ham will
now be in Europe and look what I've come
home to look at this got some hashtag
your night shirts being ready to be sent
out if you've ordered one you haven't
got it yet bear with us it will come
soon
alex is working very hard on it Alex
what's this look is much bolder
a t-shirt folder where line ever also we
should say with these shirts have got EE
on them because he of the sponsors
hashtag as well as Wembley Stadium so
big thanks to EE for having me and Seb
down for today to that game X and stuff
I can't wait until we find out who which
town were gonna be playing in Europe
because they'll be coming to Olympic
Stadium and we'll be getting to them and
that's a game that I'd like to go to as
well I love the little experience at an
end or last year if you've seen it on
the channel you know all about it
drop a like the video if you've enjoyed
me going to Wembley say goodbye to Joey
Jerry bye boy and I'll see you when
you're older don't go changing
