need to change my battery already
cameras about to run that charge haven't
even started to vlog yet take to the
daily vlog right good morning guys good
morning how you doing
I hope you have an in lovely day
whatever you up to wherever you are in
the world isn't it crazy I was chatting
to a friend yesterday a friend of Steve
cook about how people watch my videos
from all over the world and how insane
that actually is and he said that he
looked back at a video of mine from like
I think it was seven or eight years ago
and in the video I completely forgot
this even existed I said that my dream
goal ever on YouTube
was to hit 2,000 subscribers so I just
want to take a moment to celebrate that
we've hit 2,000 subscribers because I
know we're way way past that I know
we're got like five and a half million
of ones blog nearly four million on this
channel maybe 2 million on my gaming
channel box but I just want to take them
over to sit back and just think my goal
on YouTube was to hit two thousand
subscribers that was my goal so if
you're out there and you wanted to make
youtube videos and you're wanting it to
be a thing in your goal is 10,000
subscribers or 1000 subscribers just
know that my daughter was just gone and
they're interrupting them all Amazon
delivery right back in one minute just
know that if you're out there and you
wanting to get 1000 subscribers or
10,000 or whatever it is possible it
seems super far away that set your goals
high I set my goal of two thousand
subscribers I didn't even know the day
it is possible to achieve your dreams
and even far exceed them I just want you
to know that because at the moment it
might seem like you're super far away
and that it's going to take ever and
it's never going to happen but it will
it will happen you just keep working
bloomin hard I've spent the vast
majority of this morning going through
CVS which is something that I've never
had to do before like I've employed
members of staff before quite a few
times now and I've even had to file
members of staff before but
that is far harder to fire somebody that
is to hire something like hyerin's like
the noise this thing firing someone I
literally felt like I was like ripping
our manners so hot anyways if you're
here to talk about that today let's talk
about TVs I'm currently looking for a
looking to hire somebody a creative role
this isn't me asking you guys to apply
for the job I've I've submitted job
search advertisement things online and
and since last week when the
advertisement went up said that I was
looking for a George Adamson garden for
a job it just says that it just says
that somebody is looking for a job I
didn't said that it was myself I've had
92 people apply since Thursday like I
thought I was going to get like five or
six people apply if I was lucky so I'm
now kind of stuck in the position where
I've got so many people applying which
is amazing that I'm spending so much
time looking for everybody see these and
their work and their show reels and
their instagrams and everything to be
able to see whether they're right and
then like I'm spending so much time I
thought I was just going to meet up with
five or six people interview them chat
with them and see whether they like the
role but little did I know that I'll be
spending a long time looking through
tons of CDs to whittle them down to the
list of people that wouldn't that are
will eventually me don't worry I'm still
going to be filming these both myself
and still going to be editing these logs
myself this I'm hiring for a role that
you guys mmm
you might say I'll tell you about it
once you find the right person I'll tell
you all about it and stuff but for now
I'm just going through a ton and so far
I've got four maybes five maybes and two
people that I definitely want to meet
and I haven't gone through all of them
yet so things looking good things are
looking really really good it's a rainy
day today which you probably assume that
I don't like but since we've got this
conservatory and the glass ceiling up
here it's actually so nice when it rains
and then if it's just me but I think
it's quite a popular thing to license
the noise of rain hitting glass I find
it really relaxing quite therapeutic I
don't if you guys are going to be able
to see the rain on the camera so it
really really fine but a lot of it
I've got the bottoms turn up and I
really really like them let me pop you
here and show you comment down below
what you think little outfit of the day
you know I never do stuff like that I
never do health care of the days anyways
I'm going to crack on regional either
these TVs and hope you find new member
of the pointlessblog team it is time for
a dum dum Dona the people that came to
my last meeting yesterday bought me all
of these doughnuts how nice is that guys
they bought me all this like so many
it's just the one I want
here are having a quick break I'm gonna
squat session with mark you warming up
your legs yeah you know how bad I am at
this all right now probably about 12
minutes oh my god do it for one minute
I'll be yeah bit lower mark that's it
no it's a large degree not as nice no no
you can go you can go of it that's 90
that's 90 oh he'll be all right and half
the time I know what she's gonna do this
is not going to make you know your body
it is fun yeah okay because you're not
ready yet why I really hurt already take
your mind to a different place ahh oh
yeah oh you're like wow this is so bad I
have to swear he's gonna give up first
Oh Timothy noise I want to get it
started I've done dumb got it everybody
watch my god if you did that for me
second I thought like we'll be a I'm so
funny
how'd you feel now like need a shower oh
now yeah oh crap trying to carry too
many things at once drop my phone please
don't be even more cracked than oh that
sucks even more crap than what it was
before this is why you don't try and
carry everything in one hand and in
behind the camera I've also got my keys
in my hand balance in them and now
someone's calling me as well how the
heck am I going to open this door let me
balance you back on ice pressing the key
on my keyboard ah drop my keys Oh horrid
Elise I need to get this fixed today
absolutely busted the top bit there has
been crack for like three months but now
I've just done this all right close the
store hey how you doing I'm good you
want to go to town I need to fix my
iPhone literally whilst you were calling
me whilst walking up the passing part
into my office dropped my phone smash
all the screen no it's good it's exactly
what I wanted today just catching up
with my PA on everything going on at the
moment our internet in the office has
stopped working for some reason
so my vlog is currently 67% uploaded and
it won't do any more so I mean I do need
to go into town anyway to fix my iPhone
screen something left to upload my vlog
whilst I'm in town probably is the Apple
Store Internet kind of work that not
ideal I'm going to go to town to upload
goodbye farewell you actually are marks
got no underwear on he's naked is Nikki
right captured a bit guys do you need
anything from town bloody L got a big
enough rock with you is a big old
crystal do you actually I used to
collect crystals when I was younger
oh right catching a bit guys or haven't
got a jumper and it's raining is that
stupid I feel like this really stupid
feel lucky it's not cold feel like I'm
going to get incredibly wet I'm not
actually cold look at me
who would have thought I would have been
don't know how I didn't realize this
when I first asked the man to get one of
the bags off of the shelf to show me
this snake here I used to have that pet
snake I think it's for my 11th birthday
I got a pet snake and it was this exact
snake and it's a Nelson's milk snake so
I was like loving the bag looking at it
I do I do it not and then I was like oh
wait that's my boy that's my pet snake
of course I have to get in so this is
pretty sentimental to me this is my boy
this is my first proper my childhood pet
but when I was younger I had to stick
insects and guinea pigs and stuff like
that but this snake this snake was like
my responsibility it was the first
animal that I properly had to like clean
out myself I had to feed myself I had
death I'd look after him he was my boy
so now I've got him I've got him on my
bag which makes me so happy
anyways need to get to town what closes
so let's get going
well this was good great idea after
you'd not bring a jumper I found a black
hoodie and it's not waterproof but it's
gonna have to do I'm not going to let
this affect my mood I'm in a bloomin
good mood probably shouldn't have worn
dung the reason without about either
they like telling myself it down or just
trying to mess up at all did you hear
that got no socks on as well we're going
to stay in a good mood everybody so the
reason why I'm actually heading into
town is obviously to fix my phone as you
saw and I've also just hot spotted my
phone and uploaded my vlog as well
whilst I was here but I'm currently off
now to try and buy some microphones for
a new series on my pointless blog
channel that I want to do I've been
looking at this one particular brand of
microphones oh sorry for a while now and
I've been proper researching into the
market and what's good and what's not
good to buy and what I need and it's
looking like these microphones are the
best ones so that's what I'm going to do
I'm going to go and invest into some
really really high-end lovely
microphones one minute until the new
blog goes live everybody
Hey five o'clock come on why you know
watching it yeah you going home to watch
it cool you going home to watch it
anyone else watching the news the new
vlog we're almost looking at me like I'm
crazy I am crazy pro audio that's what
we need it's just like going for now any
additional compression or EQ or anything
got everything I needed guys but
everything everyone still watching my
vlogs you watch the new one cool sadly I
had no luck in the Apple Store I mean I
did walk in with only 40 minutes until
they closed so I wasn't I wasn't
expecting to be able to get it sorted
today but I was hoping that they might
for some reason be able to be able to
put the time into sorting it today
unfortunately that wasn't the case so I
said can i book tomorrow and they can't
do that and they can't do the baster
basically can't do it all this week
until Friday at 1:15 which I which I'm
not around on Friday at 1:15 so looks
like I'm going to cut in my thumb I've
already cut my thumb twice today using
my phone looks like it's going to be
like that for over the next week
chef's days is back now this time I
didn't feel me doing the cooking I just
got too excited and it smelt so good
that I didn't know can be Bob going at
my camera like ignore the carrots I
accidentally cut they didn't have normal
carrots so I bought like baby carrots
that look like child's food but I've got
like some spicy noodles loaded chicken
load of veg and them carrots that look
like baby carrots so it can all out
there
buggy boys here as well and probably and
Shaun let's have a look at this little e
e a nice clock man
Lingam Maya Lincoln buyer look at this
guy's got some cables high-quality
microphone cables then I got two of
these this is literally the best looking
microphone in the world
so anything Wow leave of my look nice
sleek for sure the Shou sure lesson in
jury vote here's the zoom h5 and then
here's the other microphone hey that's
me rocking body bag checks would do my
yo-yo yo-yo up he's gonna start singing
career tracks on itunes on next month
this means go a little up job once I get
up to do a run now swirl bottom edge
we're seeing what the dogs do if sorry
guys
oh oh so we do this I don't give a shit
I did carrot but we're just staring up
yeah well good bye see you later good
bye
