hello everyone welcome to another weekly
vlog today's fast today
as per usual I seem to always start my
vlogs on Friday at last week actually
which is the Friday so that was
pointless better information I'm on my
own today I am George went home to
Helmsley to his parents house last night
and because he just wanted a bit of R&R
I couldn't go with him unfortunately
because it's my sister's birthday
weekend and I wanted to be with them
with her she's going to be back to think
tonight but possibly tomorrow in time to
save actual birthday on Monday but today
we're basically me my mom my dad and my
sister base are going fancy dress shop
fancy dress outfit shop it is basically
it's my uncle 60th birthday all the
birthdays recently and like the first
weekend of May and he's having a 70s kal
70 theme from stress part 20 and we've
been put enough shopping for said party
for some time now so it's getting a bit
close to the wire so we need to get
look that and we'll probably go to good
old love you babes if you for Manchester
Oh
live in Manchester you will know why
won't this ever bloody focus you will
know all about loving babes the best
fancy dress shop in the world so yeah
that's what we're doing today I'm gonna
go meet there met for some lunch first
up I might need to say I'm absolutely
freaking furnished home then we shall
see where the day takes us I'll quickly
show you my outfit before I head out the
door please
absolutely beautiful day but I think
it's going to be just evenly cold so
I've got the old biker jacket on
unfortunately I wish I could just let
this top do all the talking I'm sorry
then I've contrasted that with my biker
jacket but then kept the pastel theme
with these jeans a little bit
unflattering on the old crotch I mean I
look I have got a penis and
and a vagina all together so it's good
but I don't know I think I like the way
the colors work together and then catch
with like that punk rock theme with my
marsh Lucy jeans are from next and I
love this step hem and the contrast of
panels again in but I just don't think
they were all too flattering on my kind
of body shape well we'll roll with it
and I won't mind getting some photos on
my actual blogging camera of Affleck
palace today so I'm going to take that
with me in this back and then my ray-ban
round metals in the reflective silver so
yeah that's my outfit of the day
pretty comfy pretty cool love it show
you about my penis vagina hybrid down
there but what's not worked well
while Joe's is the way yesterday I
cleaned the entire flat from top to
bottom on a Friday night also welcome
well they just breathe in ijen because
I've been so busy for the past few weeks
the flacc been neglected and George is
the same he's so busy so he last thing
we both want to do in an eye is to clean
the flat and I even toyed with getting a
cleaner in and I just sort of thought
that I'm going to do it so I spent
Friday night doing that and the flight
is absolutely beautiful
I'm sure I love Alice so much when it's
all clean and tidy and so waking up this
morning was an absolute joy got a bit of
ironing to do there to change the
bedroom for George get back and but
other than that it's like spick-and-span
animals
wall when I've in which look expensive
hamster looking to do which is those :
what you do that let me see this helping
oh regardless killer good evening
everyone it's Saturday and we're going
out for and for dinner for sister's
birthday
I'm not in the best of moods that I must
say I'm a bit damn adults with my
wardrobe at the minute it took me so
long to decide on what to wear today and
it seems to be doing like every single
day getting dressed it isn't as easy as
it is I think it's the change of the
season and I feel like a lot of people
go through this especially even me so
like please know that your favorite
fashion bloggers and stylists or
whatever they still have those days
without no idea what to wear and yeah
because it's like all the summery stuff
are in the stores but then the weather
shit and so don't really know what to
buy a minute and it's just getting me
down a little bit because that's usually
where I'm very comfortable and confident
I'm right now not digging it most not
really digging my makeup today I'm just
in one of those like self not low thing
because not loading myself but just not
happy chappy and now also missing George
and he's just very quiet today because
he's just completely relaxing and like
napping all day so I miss him because
I've spoken to him so yeah just a little
bit down in the dumps but today was
really nice we didn't get any fancy
dress outfits which was a joke and but
we had a nice day out all the same and
yeah I'll show you my outfit
okay this is what I'm wearing I've got a
velvet should I sell from paramount this
gone for my Strictly Come Dancing issues
with a black soft and a pink toe and the
next customers is my Gucci mum off bag
in yellow and my crazy ass earrings I
just thought the gold in the earrings
tiding
with yellow path good morning everybody
you are currently being propped up by
some form of kitchen utensil but I just
thought I should catch you all up
because last time I throw to you was a
Saturday night and I wasn't in the best
mood however I am now and even though
having a really really good night
probably one of the best nights back in
a long time with us today
and I ended up quite like in my outfit
quite cash and quite comfortable and
yeah I just kind of like got myself a
double gin and tonic and felt so so much
better and had a real life with my mom
my dad saying max it was just such
middle of enactment see James Perry for
some dinner which was really nice
actually and then went over to Jimmy's
of course and had a little more drink it
was such a great night in there such
good vibes so yeah feeling much better
yesterday I just I wasn't hung over I
just feel that I earned my bed sheets
I have never time a bed sheets in my lap
so I feel like I'm a fully-fledged I
don't know I'm a bed sheet change the
bed did a few ironing of shirts again
something I don't really do that often I
don't really I am and I started watching
it and give us some examples yeah girl
off really quite like it bit silly and a
bit annoying like the character she's
gorgeous and she's like new style icon
for sure and made it and what is it
she's a bit annoying but I quite like it
you need you watch Emma just half an
hour episode so I definitely recommend
it if you're into fashion and you want
something easy to watch and what else to
charge George's up back which is lovely
which is watch two episodes doesn't
expire but again another great series
and today it's Monday and I just got a
few things to pack I'm shooting with the
wonderful team Yeti getting tomorrow
issues and then for Raven which is so
excited so this should go live on Friday
this vlog and then the Raven video will
be out on the sunday so stages access to
be really really good
nuta bullets flying around and very very
excited indeed and so just be the pack
and stand up and pack my outfits of that
and then straight from the shoot we're
shooting in Liverpool to run for the
rebound video from there I'm going to
come back to Manchester quickly swap my
suitcase the packing in my suitcase is
around and go to Copenhagen Goods London
Vince to go to Copenhagen so I'm going
to style up some outfits for that as
well that we can just I think and just
really casual at t-shirts jeans converse
just because we're going to do a lot of
exploring George now and then just hang
up few loose ends and might pop into
town for in about a mango artisan pickle
just so really lovely chilled one day I
kind of did a lot of work over the
weekend so it was nice it's nice to wake
up today and kind of just go about my
business with leisurely I wash and hair
this morning which I never do under kind
of on a day so now we're in no time so
it's what CAS not looking I'll be back
before you builders all right thank God
I'm all set to film from VIN today I'm
just going at breakfast I think I'm
going to have some honeydew melon so
yeah that's your update I'm feeling much
happier I mean I was just doing one of
those girl new on Saturday so I know it
so it was didn't on making a good luck
with my dad to mix weather so
oh yeah the till it's like say hey it's
a birthday today officially she is 23
and therefore old Huntsman and so yeah
late night has been beaten up quite a
lot we're just going to go around my
parents well I think the Mexican I'm
hoping to Mexican I am really creative
Mexican food so that would be nice just
chills long tires just the grossest
thing ever isn't it the melon cut my
coffee let's go do some work
right there mumble key to me it it out
for the daytime I've got my MLS like
strong PVC mic on as per I've got an
Ozzy Osbourne fancy on and then I think
you saw earlier when I was chatting to
the kitchen it's got like sheer polka
dot panels attached to it which is
really nice for the sleeves then my
trusty gingham travels with little
thrill and then glittery pointed boots
from the violin these are not the
confucian mustard but a bit like the
point with this overall look quite am
quite golf today well I'm kind of like
you know want to come at it with a pop
of red which is one of my favorite color
combinations right now so yes I'm just
about to head into town sling cake and
I'm with my darling oh that's gorgeous
not even a baby hey everybody I'm back
home now after a little bit of a shit
shutters room or so to get boggle
there's no boots anywhere
I love boots and I feel like or use a
lot we'll look boots
well I can't find anything sharp is just
shops it is full of summer sandals which
is great if you've got nice feet I do
not fly boots all all year round so it's
just a bit annoying that I can't find
any that I like although what I have in
mind sell very frustrated by a lovely
little coffee and a cake with George at
fig and sparrow in the Northern Quarter
which is now I teach just shows for
people around teas you might want to
hire it for a private event which is all
exciting and I've just been trying on my
outfit for Copenhagen I think I've got
them sorted although we are go in the
Thursday we're going with a brand
selected famine selected home which is
really exciting it's thank you George is
first ever logging trip which would be
nice so it's really a little bit we get
to do these things together so we're
going with them and then we're going to
smooth stain on for a next two days
which is lovely so we can really explore
cup in here you can because I've never
been to a Scandinavian country before so
I'm really really looking forward to it
so I'm really glad that we've you know
booked an extra day in the hotel and see
I just come out this and what was going
to say is that selective m.asam are
dressing up for the event that were
going to so they should be arriving
tomorrow which is very last-minute thing
as a result tomorrow night so I just
have to plan like two outfits ready for
the other two days that were there and
what I do is I try it all on and then
take pictures of it when I'm on the
girly yeah when I'm on the go I can look
back and just think yeah I like it so
that's the to look from going for right
there I don't even know if is focusing
so we've got like a t-shirt leather
jacket straight-leg Jean and red
espadrille love these little espadrilles
that's that and then walk one way and
then the other one is like Metallica to
beg for cap ripped jeans marbles and
leather jackets so that's all done and
dusted everything is passable kind of
like piled here ready to go in a
suitcase
tomorrow I'm just going to wrap my
sister's present because we're going to
go around to my mom and dad's on the
wire brushing down it's going to go
around my mum and dad's for a Mexican
night later so very excited that I show
my go because she knows my gosh she was
very she picked it and she picked it so
let me show you I bet even see k-max
absolute bargain and she fell in love
with it and I was like well getting a
good master key
so there's a West with Perth in this
most incredible green shade like how
beautiful is that
well doing with that kind of one it
myself so she's got all the usual stuff
like card slots coin purse scores you
actually check it just does it works
yep or good I do love TK my fetch the
weather markets doing much so you get so
many good layer designer brands so
that's that I'm just going to wrap it
George bought her this top which I was
going to buy for myself and put out into
stories and she was like oh my god I
need and it's a little faded so I told
George and I was like oh I'll get that
for a birthday Martha lishus okay so
this is from Topshop by brands called
nerve so that's very and then I picked
up this one so many people it's like
some of you live seeing this in Topshop
and like sensivity and you need it so I
thought I needed it to kind of a Suzanne
vibe that doing the rounds on Instagram
right now and I love the t-shirt but
everybody's got them so I'm going to do
my own version with the Hun one
attractive angle 101 I'm just going to
wrap up the presents now I'm going to do
George as well because I'm just a really
really nice person
I'm really into like indie pop again at
the minute I have always been really
into my into music but I just feel like
when the spring arrives when the Sun
comes out it's just all about those
indie bangers so got like this is two
door cinema cologne now Ben wins the
poops and I'll start by even scouting
for girls which when I was like around
Scott because think of like 16 17 I'm
like not my bag we were too cheesy but I
really like in the mothers mag happy
song so really doing a little playlist
link down below I remember cuz it's a
popper and Ubuntu playlist
keep wrapping paper right oak Lisbon oh
my god
so unintentional but hello hello I'm
just so wonderful at life
in life they ever really enjoy Chris Bay
and I now that she can never get in my
presence because I was like a lot of
elevated I really like everything to be
neat and they'll be known like lips I
guess in the end paper she hates it she
can never get into it so making sure
that this is like wrapped with an end to
this life to presents all that I kind of
like to go to town on my gift wrap I
just think it makes all the difference
so that's George's and that's mine no
need to write the cards this is what I
got which I think it's very very
appropriate in everyone's life in a
world full of apples always be a
pineapple but those very beautiful and
much is my whole theme and then George
classic card yo it don't change
it's got obsession with Kaif it's a
beautiful evening all that's quite easy
to get in I saw you horrible oh I'll do
why is it hey
we're just outside the back of our flaps
go back over that and they've turned our
size tree into a sec as I see them
filming peaky blinders so cool can't
refill you Murphy tomorrow through that
little is like crates and then close a
barrel pops George's cool I don't think
we're supposed to telling you this book
I am very much so yeah we're just going
to it right now when we call our office
so see you in the morning and I'll be in
Liverpool so Athena thank you very much
the doors good notionally Thomas came on
there but after an 11th about laughing
shut it
I've got my case here on my way to do
the bulking and trade contracts the
Webster your attorney can kill by an
aside straight assistance is going on
with the PC BIOS code control
occasionally
I've arrived in Liverpool at the Yankee
offices and so that suitcase sucking up
to our first location in the first
outfit I'm zooming beautiful look at
what on the third look now is she in
some amazing Chinese toys they've got a
Chinese restaurant the colors in eons
all over them the ceiling apparently
going very well
can't work with you sorry how sexist it
has the security guard ahmed akkad hey
guys
so cool now we're going to London to get
the plane to Copenhagen little check-in
and ready to cool off
ditalion paid time when I got my camera
look I'm Janice wait what I fly to
Copenhagen
they got London and the hotel exactly
like super duper late last night I just
crashed out and my manager at the end
like c-span went up shortly in a bit of
a fringe situation the faucet European
prices even sluggish like that much
miracle nicely like the biggest sweep of
their showroom the counselor
athletically won cases of duets town
space for more people arrived in search
I've got well great waves can come from
the here's a red line with Prosecco
mother yes
do that very show it is
where is the Michala Banas whether it
was a generation crash Mandel everything
where I had an attendance I'll going to
just chopping Raja bloody well do niggas
anything everyone today is Wednesday
night the bidding opening of the
majority of a really nice day with the
Selective Service like time team they
got to breed their somewhat covered
which is amazing I'm actually wearing a
slated for Mt top tonight I've got this
lovely little bunch on the middle high
neck and like Chevron polka dots cutouts
I think it's really an acute and we're
just getting ready to go out to the
dinner tonight with a slated foam team
and a few other guys who guys and gals
who have been invited by them
so yes can be really nice we just went
to make al-abbas on Miss Alabama which
was how it's pronounced it was amazing
like loads of amazing craft is in
cocktails and George Williams Ullman he
loved a tamales and a little bit loose I
must say we have one or two very strong
bears so that was nice but yes I will
show you my outfit but there's no
fluence mirror up in this room within
that the first makes our hotel
wait around tonight
they're addictive the cold padrino's
what is the trails ghost with you I'm
wearing it so if I had called
espadrilles I'm not preparing today with
black boyfriend jeans in this cute
little top
