good morning my little beauties it is
such a beauty
it's very warm in the literature bird so
I've got a nice touch summary top on
just to keep it cool Holly's here
butchering desire rooms and far does it
get so hot in ours and we've got so many
beaut flowers of it lychee is the cutest
watering can Molly and I is still
spending every day together yeah no
we've moved out we are like together all
the viral road now I'm here baby girl
today is very exciting and very I like
I'm excited but I kind of don't know
what to expect
um dave has times a bit of a surprise to
me and this is going to be I'm going to
pay you guys would be it's going to be
like a date night with our day day with
day I Instagram photo a while ago
telling you guys that Dave and I we're
doing the Campo Diego summer of color
and some of you guys know that dave has
a tapas bar and we are just obsessed
with Spain and us houses you guys
basically have choose an experience for
me to do and you chose it and today
we've got my little invite and I'm
basically I'm going to be going dancing
and salsa dancing which I'm a little bit
nervous Park breeze closed on and then
afterwards you'll be whisked away for
Fantastico tapas and drink so I'm
guessing that with Dave it would be a
bit awkward if there was a Spanish guy
there and not Dave so yeah I think you
guys with me our date day and showing
you guys what we get up to so guys one
of my BFF has arrived and you might
recognize it with some shinichi so tall
right Morrises come round you just talk
to my chest
aka dream gardener and you let you do my
dream because you've designed me a team
ed how many know they've got a chocolate
mint do I grow in a Potter doesn't
spread to one having most excited about
this one chocolate mint what to do
lavender then we've got bronze fennel
chamomile then we've got echinacea which
is a tea that people use from the leaves
and then the lemon balm which is called
Melissa I wish you guys could smell this
because it's memorable is really
distracting to me
I think I've taken my tea obsession to
the next
level a tea garden perfect for Eddie to
lover the sun is shining I'm feeling in
the Spanish mood I packed this cute
little skirt which I feel like I should
sail through in so I'm going to get
changing I'm in there so I'm just going
with the lovely star Sam actually taught
my mom and stepdad their wedding day oh
jeez it wasn't it was great the remains
they are under the list in this studio
is incredible I kind of feel like what's
the media dirty dancing and well that's
at least that's all going yeah yeah I
don't know what I'll end up for today
we're doing what we doing a little bit
of salsa and we're going to do a little
bit of Lady styling okay a bit know I've
worn heels is that okay well I've got
one okay perfect I thought when they
sell so they have like bigger skirt oh
no just coconut
and also break it out a bit of a sweat
eyes getting warm anymore
what my technique like this room for
improvement coming along is choreo is
it's just a turn this move it on the arm
there but it on the hip it just made me
feel like I loved a rock everything at
least I've got the skirt the scary time
so Dave isn't home apps which is good
news because I actually have time to
pamper and get ready for date night
which I don't usually get because when
Dave and I go out we have like 50
minutes usually to get ready that he
gives me he's an understand why anyone
would ever need longer than 15 minutes
he's like what do women possibly need to
do so take longer than 30 minutes so I'm
going to do my hair and my makeup and
just freshen up a little bit after today
and I'm going to quickly show you my
outfit that I wore sakes I didn't really
get to show you properly and it's been
my Savior in the heat and this top is
from Primark I put this in a hall I
think about months ago it does need a
little bit of an iron I was being super
lazy this morning I was too excited um
and it's just been a savior and this
here I love this diet was actually a
little bit of Spanish yeah and and then
then some white jeans which I got some
mint fell but I'm so hungry now so I'm
going to get ready and I will see you
guys on my day off and I know I know I
shall see you ever
I just don't know
and what we could do I want the world in
my body
so we're almost ready
Davis moaning that I have an iron
t-shirt and I don't like ironing so I'm
never going to be ironing shares and
it's date nights I'm making a mare one I
wanted to show you my makeup now because
it's going to get a little bit dark
while the dough is really cool where
we're going I think you're going to love
it that is dark so it won't sit and I
warm mineral makeup which I used to wear
mineral makeup ages ago when I have
the baby roll I want to say baby doll is
so we're going to call it over and then
have for some time
No
oh we're home with the crew yes sorry
sorry
uh I'll behave you back this is
literally Oh God how could its pitiful
eyes like the nervous me just I was a
member in a restaurant so we came home
but she bought our bottle of wine home
with us hmm because we didn't finish all
we're going to leave it in days that I
know I would have it at home and we just
got back and we sat down to watch
Riviera with this is Dave's TV it's
YouTube it's massive because mine was
really small for and we've really got
into Riviera you like it don't you know
that well that's pretty I love it I
actually want to get married there and
then we look to the cauce servers and
responses to expose its organ ask a
booking and so about with the doggies
and thanks for today
really yeah did you enjoy it
a great time love the toughest food and
I will see you guys in my next video and
also you will see Dave in our next
little surprise which neither of us know
about a recite for our next adventure
well I can't wait I think you want more
feet you don't need somewhere like
something hot very hot good one because
okay he'll love that
I'll see you guys in my next video
thanks
