don't touch the clouds or they will eat
you which is not good we don't want that
okay good morning guys hi old dude I
having a lovely day it is bright and
early 8:30 in the morning I've got to be
in the gym Brighton right on bro tone
Ian and early would I say that I'm a boy
Tony in a blink Jesus wasn't for ya I'm
a boy Tony in any ways how you doing oh
you having a lovely day you take another
down to give a breakfast yeah thank you
I've got to get up what is that doing
get out the way I've got to be up round
about now today is gonna be a crazy day
once a year
zowie myself normally like Marcos papi
kick off the day let's do a weather
check look at that sky let's I what was
that
now like get your butt back outside
get outside Missy I'm gonna get dressed
and I'm gonna go hit the gym a short
short Shawn Shawn trying to run I'm
trying to vlog that was an incredibly
good gym session like there was
something about this morning I don't if
you could tell I just woke up feeling so
energized Finn is so good so ready for
the day which is really really rare to
have to feel so awake before the gym
normally I'm pretty tired before the gym
I hit the gym then I feel really good
today I just woke up feeling really
really good in what protein shake with
me in the car to have Blumenau I am
prepared for the day let's get back home
let's have some fun I think we're going
off to a spa in a couple of hours have
you seen this here you're making it
right oh nice nice mouth opens and
closes when you meet him out this is my
jam it's my jam
sorry I've got my oh and how much you
tell me off when I wear your socks the
pump thing I had lost last year yeah
they're good yeah don't need dollar
bills to have fun tonight oh oh well is
this to the hotel you damn it tuck it
all in on the way to the hotel I mean
it's quite like a nice spot literally
you look like if if like a rapper like a
stage like facade it's wrong very versus
the wall
it is currently one Oh No
it's currently 348 in the afternoon we
are on the way to a spa which is where
we're staying tonight and then I think
I've already told you guys
Joe is so weird man I think what he told
you guys that in hi the night will go
into that we've done it a couple of
times before like the scary Halloween
live action horror place Tonya was gonna
come but she's not coming now I'm so
gutted - Tonya is incoming like so gutta
Tonya if you're watching I wish you were
coming you admit it's so funny because
you would just probably puja pants
basically we're on the way there now in
the car for about 10 exactly 10 minutes
away is that yes - yeah that's what is
it it's like minutes from what place to
stay inside what you can join you for
huh you've let off the stinkiest part
was actually you know is Zoey I heard Oh
mate that's correct
okay I've not eaten any Kara Hallmark's
just textures only five minutes ago
that's Mark's car well next to us yes
mark
this is reversed and tonight we've been
a couple of times before this is Alex on
the house hello I don't know I've got
Astro party going on some reason I know
my where's my camera strobe in I'll meet
you down in a minute
walk through that's the main door you
got full-length mirror hello and then
you walk around this is our room it's
blooming massive like absolutely crazy
we've got like the biggest bed ever of
the most pillows whenever a sofa chairs
doors going outside like a little
balcony bit and you can see all outside
around here you can see all that I just
love how much glass there is
like there's something about being able
to just see out table
another little mirror biggest TV ever
free Wi-Fi so I'm so happy
and then probably my favorite bit is the
bathroom these two double doors look at
this look at this bottom not only like
the world's biggest bar we've also got a
shower like a walk-in shower this is so
cool
two sinks one thing for me one sink for
Zoey and a little toilet so so nice I'm
gonna go downstairs now just sorting out
the new vlog nearly forgot the room keys
hoes like don't forget the room key if
you didn't see yesterday's video don't
check it out it was a DIY fail Joe and I
try to make fizzy drinks like any drink
into fizzy didn't work at all
fail so I'm going downstairs now to
poppy and Shaun to run I think we're
going to hang up there get some drinks
get some food mark is already here
obviously Joe's here Poppy's here
Shaun's here whoa hello oh my god show
up when we go away somewhere secret oh
yeah I forgot about that we kind of
booked a trip away the other day and
it's so exciting yeah
then has arrived we've got so much stuff
I didn't even realize how much we
ordered that I've been very healthy and
got chicken Caesar salad
well oh yeah no no I can save the camera
me whispering gone oh oh my god I know
where you are
where's Zuri I've been downstairs oh she
hasn't really had to find that I said
the only thing that gave away was the
lie in the cubby never they're like
constantly stage honor I couldn't turn
it off no need Oh God
why is this big to all of you want a
Southie kiss I'm gonna give you the
first Evers after kiss in my vlog ready
no give me just one kiss for the vlog
nice never liked again not you this is
me
it's the real here this is really really
like freaks me out
this shut you back yeah a bear so look
at this bed the waddle and I ripped it
look it's out these actual beard coming
I ripped it Oh Joe and I we're gonna
creep round the outside I'm gonna sneak
in your anything I've even got your
shoes on
we're walking we've got the top normal
saloon bar apparently
why therefore neither
yeah
we like to get the hands involved here
Bobby put my drink down
look is just arrived they did sorry
sorry I'm like so we haven't done
anything yet
oh we just saw the couple of drinks or
Casper's here as well over there I do
man really good man I can't hear
anything
Why What live what's up though you might
help each nitrous then you won't get
scared I can't hear that really I feel
like a more I can hear when I talk my
head I can hear it and I'm not losing
red zone you could have somebody scared
to the side you don't know they're there
and then you turn and know that they'll
be like the unfollow just yeah yeah all
going to go to the third experience I'm
going to film as much as I possibly can
but it's going to be incredibly dark
like hits trap I don't know what you're
gonna be able to see I might try and
film like this I'm holding my iPhone
behind my camera to give me a light I
don't know if it's gonna work or not
we're going on the first experience
which is less intuitive like a free like
they've got like a pop ASCAP oh yeah oh
yeah look at that
it was gonna be a slide this is so cool
it is your phone that's my iPhone bright
yellow talking about noemi's already
peed herself once
Oh what's happening here
someone's hurt themselves
she's my rific things it's not horrible
face not your face I'll be most
disgusting people I've seen in a long
time but enough about you
we're coming past some fire oh hello
hello manage more parking Jen yes is
Malcolm
yeah where's Louie Cole David's apart
yeah I stepped on your foot how can I
ever repay you sweetheart yeah
Oh Cyrus I decoding a bucketeer happy
see ya is so messed up
walking is one of the new ones you
scared me
oh my gosh going outside way they're so
kicking off out here because some ritual
going on like I find it's me hello
madlife do we go under here why what god
I don't trust this thing I'm running
away from sorry I'm running away running
away from Zuri I don't trust that thing
is that real girl or not I told you gone
Casper six fine Oh hardness Gasper hit
your dance move here your darts move
Wade you were safe
oh right now you can't see much we've
just finished eating and now we're back
we won't put the cellar
yeah there's got
oh heck no me look at everyone
my agent foster phobia oh my god
there's so many of you guys
get it over with and which one of those
real
Joe and I last kiss hasta la neige one
flu know about him killing me don't
touch the counts or they will eat you
which is not good we don't want to die
like a priest or going down
freakin oh I don't see anything oh yeah
I feel so sad that one was crazy with
the glasses as well don't be touching
that he's telling me how he gets muddy
Oh
there is so many cable
my god
Jason ugh
that guy chainsaw so close to you the
colony I think this might be the last
one you know what is going on look how
sick that looks hello goodbye guys
everyone's just sat down now everyone's
knackered finished all of the experience
this we're going to jump in the car and
head back to the hotel thank you
everybody chinese family made that
possible
so there's pursue Occidental hotel
tonight and just left everyone else is
getting pretty crazy all drinking tea
I'm not drinking water that's even less
crazy than Jake that's not box and left
and then no it's not it's just straight
vodka Joe don't lie all right straight
vodka I'm on holiday and in Brighton
whenever you're not invited
this is a bride's Munhall a mode you
guys have got toward tomorrow how excit
for tall Casper it's my own stupid sick
hit the road USA can you take us down
description well this is the second time
I've Loki's done this tweet again an
emoji for three days was the emoji look
like like this if it does us pretty
pretty crappy punching yeah nothing
emoji looks good I like it nice man
appreciate it knit poor Matty we haven't
got my pinky out got a pink younger boy
oh yeah oh she looked but she's going
everywhere guys they're all playing a
game called whoops
Johnny wrong and Joe and Caspar and I
have got the little head the others have
no idea
worse Johnny Johnny Johnny Johnny Johnny
time Ron whoops Johnny Johnny Johnny
Johnny Johnny Johnny Johnny whoops
Johnny
lych Mia oh yeah thanks Johnny
Johnny Johnny Johnny when Johnny no yeah
bro wrong
yeah like wrong lips Johnny Johnny
Johnny you guys know the game you're
probably laughing so much no wrong wrong
goodnight guys oh it's finally time to
get into bed after such an exciting
adrenaline-packed evening so and I just
ordered some chips to our room so we're
just laying in bed sharing a bowl of
chips together yeah why did you like the
brown sauce I didn't like brown sauce
thank you so much all little sport and
yesterday's video just from reading
through your comments in credible we're
gonna have a super relaxing spa day
timorous if you enjoyed this vlog guys
go down below smash the thumbs up button
your challenge today we're gonna go big
let's go 40,000 thumbs up your challenge
go down below hit the thumbs up button
I'll catch you tomorrow good night guys
DIY beer so you make your own beer and
the way in which you make the beer fizzy
is you drop one
