good morning it is a new week and
therefore a new weekly vlog so far today
we've been having a sorting day I'm
sorting through all of Dorset school
uniform she needs so much stuff I've
already ordered in like the shirt and
the little dress thing and the cardigan
and the socks and the ballet canopy
stuff and all that kind of stuff but
today we are popping out to go and by PE
trainers I don't know if you can pick up
the sound
Liam is playing later but I bought an
electric guitar I'll be honest I'm
trying to be supportive of this it's
okay now but because I'm not
concentrating but when I'm working or
trying to do something or a film or
something it's going to get awfully
tears so awfully quickly I won't say
anything just let him have my passion
it's an obvious thing um yeah so we're
heading off into town now tricky little
morning snack we have arrived
give me the silly putty then please
Jesse is obsessive silly putty why are
kids so mad for slime last question of
the week why are kids in matters like
slime it's just some play-doh it played
if you don't play the play-doh put you
so much page on you don't really play
with that and it's mixed up because the
colors got mixed so we don't like it now
see ya
shopping for all the things we needed
for school namely shoes and clocks was
the most restful experience ever the
shop was so crowded then I got to the
till and the shoes a little scuff on
them and I didn't have those shoes still
in that sat like Oh God in the end we
just sacked it off and came home we've
got the music on but the hot tub open
but all the chairs out I do have a swim
my rod looks like I'm naked I'm not Liam
and I see already in so I'm just gonna
spend the day in the garden pretending
like we're on holiday in the hot tub and
eating fruit and cheese and crackers and
stuff outside and won't film that cuz
don't film dancing and even it's not
where I stuff so I'll see you later all
tomorrow good morning it's a lovely
sunny day I've got millions and things
going on but first of all we are off to
run some errands probably there you're
not anything yeah total Santa alert I've
just got really excited in Tesco we just
came because I'm doing some Instagram
stuff for them and then all back here is
where all the home where it's and
they've changed all around and like
displayed it really nicely I was like I
want to go at all honestly good display
gets me now we are in the children's
books section yeah
and we're going to look for garden toys
because we've got those a kid's going to
play so I thought it'd be nice to see
what garden stuff they've got all those
well it does it says Tom fetch as new
book shout out to Tom Fletcher prison
your kids book should we get this
mommy's friend wrote this it's called
there's a monster in your book it's a
storybook okay yeah
good put it in the trolley then I'll get
it we read it tonight so far we've gone
for a packet of play-doh and then I
found these bouncy balls which are
reduced and I'm gonna get this paddling
pool because I want upon a bit mine
Keeks are left out so I think that's
what we're gonna do I've already got it
I'll see about five different codes but
I absolutely love this one it's got pink
from the fur on the hood like a car
color pink you fitted this in my size
Tesco do you do this in my size I wish
that I was like sewing you could have
fit into like teenagers stuff I would
buy it up myself I love I am so happy it
is August but the Christmas it's too
early but for me it's never too early
what are you gonna put in yours
mine's on display with achievements RN
has just come match on the deck or for
friendly John to listen just be a
perfect addition to my sofa he's like
mom Oh mummy can stay as well
it'll be fine how nice would that be if
we all just live together
would you like if we all just live
together in a giant house and it was
like a like a commune but not a commune
we'd all have roles your role would be
purer than what you'd be right the wise
the wise woman yo guys it's the stylists
tell the children the ultimate joy for
children make very careful because we've
got actually have like half naked
children the ultimate joy we've put the
sprinkler on so we're about to have a
lot of soaking children but so that's
what summer school got you look at that
of this junk we've cut out let's see how
close it comes how close does it come
for his own safety recording the baby oh
what a funny joke that was the oh my God
look a bit ropey I need to retell um you
Cameron they like all this we have been
nothing like we the kids are we
brilliant so brilliant the kids are
playing upstairs and we're talking about
all my first met and then like who
started us off on blogging and I was
talking about Lauren Luke do you
remember lauren luke panacea 81 she was
making America no she's from up north
okay yeah like South Shields a Newcastle
way
she made Beauty videos and I started
watching those that's when I was like I
could make this I'm fun fact you
probably don't know I met Brummie Emma
years and years ago at a louise live
thing and she came and locked him it was
it was few years ago to a meet and greet
and she is like oh because of us on my
blog I was like oh we're just talking
about that
but sadly Katie hasn't bothered to
fangirl over me at all
I won't now yeah better though I can't
be friend and then you were holding Ren
yeah and how old was he like - like
three months turn it's over like swim it
smells like hi can I hold your baby when
you find me on Twitter I'm trying to
think of one I don't actually want you
to find girl we by the way don't judge
me
I've aged well I think I mean I look
like I was clearly heavily pregnant it's
just the face it's just the hair it's
just everything about this picture I
don't know why I thought this was okay
this is by the way Lauren Luke I was
obsessed with in love and still think
she's amazing but I just okay yeah this
is my personal facebook this is what
happened when I was 8 months pregnant
Darcy and I decided to go for a style
chick and I thought this was a really
sexy picture that I've taken and I sent
it I took it on my like old Kodak and I
sent it to Zoey - like if you're zoella
if you don't know me - to edit for me
it's just like I've edited really sexy
to me sexy for me okay oh my god oh no
that's just me giving birth are you
ready okay here we go
don't know what I was thinking dossie
look at this picture of mummy come have
a look look like a sin okay I'm gonna be
treated to the goodbye I just picked up
this gum rubber it's early again okay
bye girlies would you like a little
goodie bag it's like we've got some
inside don't we go go next one back for
you you are world it's just so lovely
having you to come to play I'm getting a
lesson in the Doudna because this is
someone that I've got Oh monkey this
Isis I'm gonna see how it fits good
morning yes I slept in my Baker's last
night we've woken up to discover that
the shower in a bedroom ensuite has
leaked down into the kitchen can't use
that to the cat has leaked in the
kitchen
and pissed on the blanket we have on the
sofa so it's a really great start to the
day
lovely lovely breakfast this is Marmite
and look at the finger what God is so
excited to eat all of this I feel like
I've already achieved so much today I've
had my nails done this color in the
salon I was like I won't get that color
that's a really trashy red and then
Chloe was like that's the color I always
get and the woman behind me was like I
getting that color too and I was like
I'll have trashy red actually quite like
it comes to my lips a little bit and
I've taken Darcy picture that's I have
sorted out and like really boring people
like admin stuff and now I think I'm
gonna go and record a main Channel video
it's 20 plus 11 I'm getting my hair done
Olli was going to specialist at home
film then I'm gonna get my hair done
Vicky's popped over shut hello Vicky
shut up just shut hello to the camera
there we go okay and she just had a hypo
which sounds really exciting I can't
come in because I've got all my stuff on
the wall but it's not is it
what's the hypo if you're diabetic what
could have what's the worst that could
happen with that just casual coma we
avoided coma though so that's good and
yeah that's where we're up to oh I'm
going to have some cold pizza at
half-past eleven decadent top for me
really nice little like you know when
the good things happen this kind of
thing you know ages ago I did that video
with all of Darcy's awesome clothes in
it and lots of it come from Jules well
Jules also asked if I wanted to get
something for a friend and so I got
Mickey this little like Kate coat nice
so look at the detail that is I don't
let me stop my camera oh you've got em
you need to pick the stuff off the
buttons I'll let you do this because I'm
gonna I don't think then it'll like
brassy golden buttons very nice Swiss
round dad I know you're not focused no
well that's so nice what is it like done
I really like factually lovely
and then the trip black how happy are
you with a free Cape Vicki oh my sweater
self oh very nice okay really go so it'd
be summer out there
good morning it's Thursday and I have a
rare day off not a whole lot of stuff
going on today I've just got like stuff
to do at home so I thought I ought to
tackle dressing-room
it's gotten a massive State again like
I'm incapable of keeping this room tidy
but we're going to have to do when the
baby comes because the baby is gonna
like half half of this room we're gonna
separate here where the wardrobes end
and all of this space that we'll show
you later
I'm just turn the TV down it's very loud
all of that space we're going to turn
into baby's room there we go I'll show
you what it looks like from this angle
so yeah as you can see here to here it's
gonna cordon off and then all of this
will be their room some people might
think was a bit strange because they
don't have a door and it just like leads
into our space but I quite like it
because I want her to be near us for a
while as she gets older obviously she'll
have her own room with a door and
previously it's all that kind of stuff
but for the first few months definitely
she's gonna be sleeping like fully in
there with us and then I would say for
the first year or two probably in here
anyway it's a shit tip as always so I
thought what I do is with speed tidying
usually a prop my laptop just here on
the windowsill and just like cycle
through vlogs and stuff so don't know if
I'll do that or if I'll put the TV back
on I'll do that because I want to put
the TV on when it's this morning cuz
call out this morning
but for now it's only about 9 o'clock so
I shall put on some vlogs and speak
clean and hope that you enjoyed that I
loved watching speak any videos
I'm not fully finished but I've put away
most of the massive piles of stuff of
silver I'll do that little pile down
there and there's a few bits down there
but nothing major so glad ago all that
then I had to cut those out of it
because bloody Liam came in started
ironing without his top on I was like
Liam get out of shorty was like it's my
drastic world was like no no it's not
your dressing room my life is only to be
lived to be filmed and if you can't be
in it
then you can't be in my life um that
took a weird turn I wasn't that severe
but who's just think thinking these
things anyway what I picked up my camera
to tell you was these are shoe racks and
I think they're really stupid things
enough just that for me I don't have
that many shoes what I do I have a lot
of shoes but they're not precious shoes
they're like Primark or new-look shoes
and I'm not really one for like designer
shoes or really designer bags I've got
three capes bait bags they're my
designer bags but I don't like wet my
knickers over a pair of Jimmy Choos I
couldn't give a shit to be honest but
what I would rather have is space to put
things like this is Darcy's memory box
should I go through that one day it's
cute
I'm like stuff places so Liam was like
don't do this yourself
heel balls it up well Liam I can do
whatever och um so I'm gonna go find his
tool kit and see if I can get these off
what are you are you tools
while you're a screwdriver yeah that'll
do I've won the first battle Oh
I've just gotten all the way upstairs in
the doghouse God really hoping it's my
yours order because I ordered some jeans
but I think it's really boring printer
ink it was printer egg this is as high
as my tripod will go I think you can see
that these here
I need to pick these off but my nails
won't let me do it so I'm going to use
the screwdriver and then I'm going to
unpick get this whole stuff off it's not
as easy as I had anticipated it to be
but I won't be defeated don't do it why
are you so hard to get off
yes little bitch bag yes yes yes
our feeling so proud of myself today I
have got done so much that I need you to
get done
who feels pretty good I've done a bit of
cleaning I've done some writing not as
much as I would have liked but still a
good amount I've filmed edited a video
now I'm going to clean my makeup brushes
and sponges because they are minging I'm
mainly cleaning real technique brushes
because they're the ones I mainly use to
say the best look how filthy they all
are I'm gonna be using happy hippie from
lush I have one of these Sigma things
that you like rub them on I've got some
there to do as well and then this is my
little lay them down set up just been a
demo one really dirty one so that you
can enjoy my satisfying ear so I give it
a little wet and then I get it on the
cleaning stuff and then if it's a reader
you wanna call me big bubbles there's
probably a better way to do this but
essentially I'm just sort of scrubbing
it on this I don't feel too bad because
what I've been doing every day to the
brochures I probably should do it every
day but that's not how I rock and roll
baby I just want to rub dirty brushes
all over my face yes please rubbing that
bacteria into my pores yummy and then
when it's not like producing any more
yuck
there's gonna be so many people being
like that's not how you dairy a snooping
around and I just pop it over here and
then I like squeeze them all out when
I'm done and this one's not too bad
oh so satisfying that bit when you see
it all come out yes goodbye
filthy dirt this thingamabob II was
amazing it's the first I've used it and
I got all of these done in not much time
at all I watched two vlogs I like 20
minutes got all of those done literally
so impressed with that I will find one
for you it's got a scent that I've here
box I'll fumble for you and link it
below for you if you want one
I was planning on just having a bit of a
relax now because it's about 6:00 and
thing and going out for dinner shortly
my friend and I were going to there's
only if which is like my favorite tapas
place ever
but then Liam Reilly's how could I bring
his rugby kit to work because he's going
to the he's going to lads and dad's
rugby tonight which is like some of the
dads from Darcy's school and lads as
well because I would see English it no
Liam is not Darcy's dad but he's his
losses lad
basically just a bunch of friends going
play rugby in a village near here but he
forgot his kit so I need to find a top
to work oh it's very dark feely dog need
to find like a little toppy thing to put
on with leggings to be comfy because I
want to eat a lot but also it's very hot
in that restaurant people just go for a
little cardigan and peace and bollocks
dropped all the hangers in a bid to jazz
up what is essentially just leggings and
a vest top and a cardigan I've like put
this belt round it I can't decide if it
looks shit or if it looks alright I'm
going out like this so hopefully all
right
one of these would be good thank you
thanks I forgot to film when it was all
like fresh and pristine but these are
pod room peppers and leave my favorite
schrieffer's delicious
you've got mushroom Easter and that was
a steak over here is like no no no no no
no one do that like horns with their
heads on tortilla everything delicious
are you enjoying it is that like I have
was such a nice meal weight from that
length is about half nine now and that
was so nice I never just go out for
dinner website has been in my table cuz
my laundry's a mess I mean if he's got
for dinner with Emma so that was really
really lovely just to go and do that the
cat the cat is like brushing on my feet
hanging out baby you know you might be
filmed say hi everybody lots of human
asking we found his brother no is the
answer
sadly Azula has not returned we have
just rocket and I think probably I mean
it's been about six several weeks now I
think that Sudha has found a new home
I'm hoping it's not in kitty heaven and
he's just found like I love the old lady
that cuddles him all day long but the
reality is we are in a more countryside
environment than the way at the old
place and maybe it's a fox or sort of
thing I'm trying not to think that I've
taught Darcy that it's just found he's
just found another home so she seems to
be okay with wasn't that idea I don't
think she'd be okay if I was like yeah a
fox and in fact tomorrow I'm going to go
and look at kittens and one of my
friends mums cats had kittens and
and the need I need homes she doesn't
breathe them I don't think I think her
cat just had kittens so I'm gonna go see
about maybe adopting good morning it's
Friday Friday we are going to go see
they come mentioned it yesterday a
friend of mine mum
cat had kittens and they need rehoming
okay hello and to get my hand back for
me thank you so we are going to nip out
now and just say hello to my friends
kittens aren't we no okay
been a busy morning we've done a lot of
errands I bill I say I chameleon to be
careful out of shapes I've got all of my
book plans one of these jobbies for when
it sent nice things like Jules coat for
baby
oh the battery's dying let's go
battery's dying so I'll do my best to
get everything out wanna cap we went to
PU at some kittens and I thought that if
we liked them we would have to wait a
while to get some of the lady was like
take them
I have a box of kittens since it's the
end of the week I won't put any footage
of the now but next week I will to like
a fully cat focused video I could weep
I'm so happy
doodles in the back are you happy about
having kittens I will you okay that
sounds good so yeah like the best day
ever the perfect ending to a week have
to go home and do some work now and get
get heated out for cats cuz I thought it
was gonna be next week so I need to go
and get all the things they need luckily
have those things some crazy cat lady
anyway but yeah what do you think Vicki
do you like them there were four
available and I wanted to take them all
taking two you can gonna want to leave
Africa
I think they waited for already got
rocket I mean this Chancellor could come
back
so the chances that we could end up with
four kittens two cats audacity and a
near baby and a partridge in a pear tree
alrighty man
