good morning good morning it's nice to
see you here good morning good morning
do you who else used to have to sing
that in primary school every day I'm
sure we got to sing it so if you're
watching this do we have to do I'm sure
we did like every morning is co-ed sake
let's go good morning mrs. Hollingsworth
good morning everyone like robots and
sometimes I on a Friday better sing it
good morning good morn morning it is
Wednesday I am I've got much dangerous
one second really bird yes Wednesday and
you are right now wrong it's Wednesday
and I am off to Brighton to go and see
my sister Zoe we've got we've got a
little ketchup and a bit of work to do
together work on something this year I
wonder where could be we worked on
saying together this year which they
hope you'll be out at the end of the
year fingers crossed
um yeah I'm going down to hers in a bit
to go and hang out over see what she's
up to and see what she's saying but
first of all I can't be the smelly
brother so I need to get the shower and
get my life together basically for
that is complicated enough right
I'm not gonna lie I'm not bad at flat
pack stuff I can do it but leave it
between previous instructions they're so
complicated and look look all that home
for Sanger lose most of that but all
these little things here I'm going to
lose all of them I just know I am so um
I've got the stuff at the box which is a
start but it's time it's gonna be
difficult but I can't have got time to
think about that now it's time to leave
so I'm on the train and
it turned out that to get a single to
Brighton was about 24 pounds I think
and to get two singles when it comes to
48 pounds and it's 45 pounds for a
first-class ticket so that world why not
the first part of turn as well so like
where's always go for the first-class
returns we did the first of turn and
turns out like this is foot like this
door here this these your table was our
first class so what happens if like
everyone bought a first-class ticket on
a wait sorry's not just these two yeah
also get these two direction
it's just secret chairs down here that
and then ever see that's where the train
driver lives how is that it's the
smallest little area I've got this card
game called a King's Cup or bring a fire
I think if you're from the UK you could
bring a fire if you're from America you
call it King's Cup so it's multicultural
which is great but what happens is you
take you have a cup in the middle and if
you get a king you pour some alcohol in
for that mid that middle Cup and really
gets the fourth king has to drink
whatever's in the cup so it could be a
mixture of anything and everything for
example if it got this card here it says
make a rule this will last the entirety
of the game players must try to catch
their fellows out Phillies comply to the
designated rule means you drink so you
got make a rule and then everyone try
and so for example I could say you're
not at a point so I so instead of
pointing like this you have to point
someone it said use your elbow like that
that's a rule that I'd normally make or
you can't say like first name so you
always talk talk about using their
surnames anyway that's this all game if
you want to see me plays on like this on
my channel with the boys and let me know
it can be quite interest in on our way
I'm wrong there is a massive difference
between normal classroom first class or
carpets a little bit nicer
well it's been hoovered a little bit
more that carpet isn't look as nice
right yeah that's a nice carpet and you
also get a little bigger a little bit of
cloth right which is what I haven't seen
one of these since like my nan has them
on our chairs at home not from southern
something rail but it's like you can see
the seats down there they don't have it
see absolute balling I just realized I
got my passport on me still I don't
really think you need to get a Brighton
but you never know that bit crazy down
there they have their there in special
laws and ways or we get to press the
magic first-class button
do you want to do it yeah okay you let
you do the honors
so Crowley
hey Zoe
hi I bought your part but oh I know
that's right still break hello no Alan
sorry I bought you a gift but it's not I
can use warm up for me what Jerry did do
was just turn up with a pasty and not
ask anyone else if they wanted a pasty I
did I forgot to it yeah I should have I
should have other very often got him a
cool one cool pug one yeah - I didn't
say that she this is this but hey you
gotta this is the funniest dog good one
you didn't want to buy a deer yeah we
having a good tug of war here I now see
I get my camera right you just say you
want to play anymore
I'm not I'm not being me I'm just being
honest and being honest good meeting
give me your team oh it's hard to
high-five when you can't see the next
direct train
is at 5:58 should we get you so it's
been a very very quick trip but I've got
really caught up with you at all no
we've come here all the way for one
meeting and now I'll go again I'm going
back to London
the reason I've got to go back my the
other part of my scope was coming
tomorrow morning they didn't deliver all
my so far they're stupid like half of it
figured T's is half it has come in next
week Cheers
can you come and stay with me soon
please yes day as well oh good properly
yeah okay I will do we will do anyway
see you later
easy lush nice boy all that by Allen
nope okay maybe don't ya know maybe next
time get oh this week because because
show all this stuff blows blurs I've
heard of mind the gap but all my word
put on that you've lost a leg
that was so odd there was like random
snails just climb at that wall I don't
know why but I just you know got you
guys know that I realized snails so I
felt like I had to bill I had to film
here anyway I need a wee so bye
um something's happened today and I
don't quite know how to feel about it um
some things just in why I shouldn't
change and should always stay where they
are if they can do and now things are
got to adapt and change the times I
don't know how I feel about this change
something's changed today and it's it's
really sort of affected me in a weird
way I guess it's kind of like part of
what I do but I just want I just kind of
what I want your opinion what what do
you think of this oh hello
how do you feel about that this is
instagrams new app logo I don't I I
think thing is right I'm always so many
struggle to change I don't like things
changing and this is one of those things
where I just it just now just seems too
much like I think it's Instagram tamiri
stood out compared to a lot of other
apps that you see right now on my phone
I feel like it's followed suit little
bit with the other competitor apps and
gone quite basic and futuristic he kind
of just simple whereas I loved the old
Instagram but loved the audience come
logo because it was so different it
looked like an old-school camera which
essentially is what it was most to be
when it came out when they bought the
first filters it was all about putting
old-school filters on new pictures
combining old and new which is what
people love that's why I've killed such
a big market I think it's where appeal
to all people was he people of all ages
who loved old school photographs they
loved it and I don't know I don't know
the massive fan I mean I love Instagram
but I just think I think it's just gonna
have to grow it's gonna have to grow on
me very very slowly it's in October on
me anyway I'm hungry so let's sort
something out for Jennison I'm doing up
this for a long long time
it's fine time to conquer my fears to
face my fears and try and get this done
it's you and me bedside cabinet and the
aircon remote and the hairdryer but no
natural not UV aircon remote just a
hairdryer I don't think I probably need
that but anyway let's do this okay first
things first I've separated everything
out into its own individual pile
it makes things ten times easier to know
that everything's in its own little
individual pile anything is light it's
like you need 30 sending me a screw
thirty millimeter screws and 15
millimeter screws and dolls through and
all these different different types of
screws screw this and sort out the pun
but screw this this is complicated
anyway I think I made a little bit
simpler by doing like this so now let's
go to our very very easy to use hand
guide see how much wood Suresh plank of
woods which plank of wood that's the
hard bit because they've got numbers on
them but in real life it up numbers on
do they do they give a number on you
know what I do that how do I know what
number one how much miss guess what that
is
okay actually obviously the top bit
isn't it because it's got it's where I'm
confused it's gonna sound proper lame
but already I'm enjoying this so much I
could have been relatable hard you know
what I CBA I'll get my dad to do it or
pay someone to come and do it which you
know I'm sure lucky would rather get
something pays come and do it but I
actually finds really therapeutic I
prefer this to cooking these by the way
are called cam locks which are my new
favorite thing what they do is you put
me in the wood and then at some point
I'm gonna put a screwdriver in there and
twist it and you can actually bring the
wicked tightens the wood together and
makes it neat if it's such a great
invention I'm I'm being weird but I love
cam locks it's my new favorite thing cam
locks oh I've had a little mer I'm doing
so well right but the metal bits on
everything well there's something that's
really bugging me I don't if it's like
it should be annoying me or not bitch
fucking me a lot so on here it says the
screw I goes into that little hole there
which is a circular hole and there's an
oblong hole before it right before it to
the right of it okay so I'm looking on
here the circular hole is before the
oblong hole on here so do I put the
screw is tell me to put it in the top is
the high
spit which is this bit here but the
screw fits this hole a lot better and
I'm worried about everyone knows that
you shouldn't drill screws in to close
the edge of wood because it will make it
split so do I put do I go with my
instinct and put it in here and think
that the guide is wrong or do I put it
in here and just hope for the best
because that's what it says in the book
but in the book it's a circle at the top
but in real life it's not so what do I
do it's like it's turn is semi such
mixed signals I got to FaceTime my dad
oh look at this it's all started come
together and listen to vintage my
vintage old school players from Spotify
which at the moment is tattooed I'm just
tattoo all the things she said what a
classic I'll leave a link in the
description below to my Spotify profile
where you can find this playlist coz
it's absolutely amazing you're born the
90s you will love this playlist okay now
they're scary but I've got a hammer net
I've got use nails in a hammer this is
where I break my freaking fingers right
mr. hammer it's me and you against this
we got this be careful
right here we go that's one cabinet done
and I just made the drawer as well and
now it's the the best bit peeling off
his protective film oh my god that is
satisfying so when you get a new phone
and you peel that thing off the screen
oh yes oh but it's Dutch oh I'm doing
the foot technique again look at my feet
more than my hands a lot of time there
we go first draw is in finally there we
have it the drawers have been made I
haven't put the handles on yet the
handles are in there haven't put them on
yet only because I need a drill to do it
I haven't got a drill and my hands Oh
knackered from constantly screw and
screwdriver so yes I'm very very happy
it looks great a slight problem though I
think number one I think the sockets are
a bit too high stalkers are higher than
the top of the bedside cabinet look I
don't if that's right or not I think I
might have to get some to come in and
lower the switches just a little bit
just so you can't see them and number
two that's one of two there's another
one to get through right now and the
time is ten past eleven I've just messed
my dad asked him what he thinks about
those plug sockets and he says the
sockets are a health and safety
regulation height believe it or not
so technically health and safety wise
you have to have legally after the light
switches that high up there's got your
work and sort disguise it or hide it or
something I'm not sure how those go be
away anyway enough of that round two
let's get you ready water yeah he's
ready it is done finished finito messy
bed but I now have two bedside cabinets
holy mother of Mary that's like when
didn't a knee as long but I'm so glad
it's done I'm still really light used to
plug sockets but I'm gonna have to you
know just ignore it I feel like it kind
of blends with the bed well it matches
the bed the colors Torgo meet with this
wood here maybe not so much but with the
bed I think it matches okay so next time
hammer I'm going to put you back in your
bed but you've been brilliant
I love you night-night sleep tight oh
nice coming up 2025 past 1:00 in the
morning so I'm gonna go to bed um but
yeah it was really nice Caesar eat today
even though it was for only a short
while and we were talking about like
secret stuff when done can see my sister
I'm writing because we are working on
something together we've been doing
we've been trying work on stuff since I
we've both kind of started YouTube I
guess but this the stuff we're working
on now is finally starting to properly
come together and the secret projects
were working on last year didn't quite
work out and then looking back on it I'm
kind of glad they didn't work out
because compared to what we're working
on now this is like next-level stuff
compared to what we were going to
release last year if that makes sense
this is both Zoey and I are very very
excited to be doing we do actually work
with each other that often like we
record videos we film videos together
like every now and then but we've never
actually probably like work linked
together so this is very very exciting
for me I can tell what with Zoila she's
she's huge both something with the means
to solve work on for a long time and so
we are both very very excited to share
it with you in I can't say when but
hopefully it's this year it will be this
year I can say that will be this year
definitely this year and sooner this
year than you think
hopefully I hope you're excited for it
to leave the clutch below what you think
is gonna be I think it'd be quite
surprised it might not be the most
obvious thing you're thinking of that's
what I'm gonna say or it might be we
might not be that's what I'm trying to
tell you
I think I'm competing myself anyway I
get end the vlog here I hope you enjoyed
it if you did give it a big thumbs up
and also if you haven't already click
that subscribe button it's completely
free and it lets you know when I upload
new videos all the time so it's the
easier way and then you can go
notification Squad which is all the rage
nowadays on on YouTube so I'm not a
daily vlogger I'm actually not like
don't expect this much much longer see
ya bye
