good morning my little sugar snap peas
as you know I'm vlogging a bit more
these days so I thought I would vlog a
homie day for you I've got Jack here as
well and we're going out tonight so lots
of things to vlog today um but I will
get started and show you some things I
just had delivered I've heard a little
cheeky a sauce order and I've actually
meant to just buy some bits for Zoey's
birthday
it's her birthday this weekend and it
will have this dress which is actually
this dress I bought it myself as well
but I bought them in different sizes
obviously and I just think it looks so
futuristic it kind of gives you know
cleavage because quite a high neck but
this just so beautiful look of the hood
and then it all flares out at the bottom
in like a skater skirt so I'm definitely
going to keep that one and this oh this
is a little play suit I bought for Zoey
I also bought so with this place ooh I
thought she might like that pattern and
I also bought her a party ring handbag I
doubt that I don't know how much I use
it but she loves loves those party rings
as well as fun hello baby baby oh you
make my cats be outside would you rather
they were outside who I was outside
don't answer that
mm-hmm please let us in Jack bling know
I love you so much this is the room now
and this is the room now and pleasing
myself I just did all the really
horrible jobs I just did took all the
rubbish out the recycling out empty
litter trays and like one of the cats
that had diarrhea and delicious so sort
of do love that out and and the work
tops and Hoover downstairs so I feel
very proud of myself that I've done the
yucky jobs I still need to like them to
the dishwasher and do the laundry and
all that kind of governs but I'm going
to soon editing now and also then I'm
going to reward myself with a bath and a
face loss because yes I am still kind of
wearing a bit of yesterday's makeup and
I wanted to shower yet it's really gross
isn't it I'm such a great hostess so
trip over
/ I'm such a great host s such a great
host s also I am taking a long time to
do this one shop here you go it's
tropical all orange just having some
very loud music time it's live in it you
having a good time
Yuval you Joon stand alone I can hear
you
I should I can't stand you what are you
saying nothing
I was really good you'll see is it
something I'm gonna have to edit out I'm
like an outsider town doing life cuz I
don't know you might want to accept it
um we're just doing work having a wild
day aren't we I think this is no sight
of God doing scenario I think
cheerleading vis it up whoo what's the
most part of all day I've edited and
I've arranged a night out with the girls
I'm doing a spreadsheet now hot damn and
Jax just got annoyed at me when I've
done like little noises like because you
wish you ain't stop that and then
carried out and then she's fine
it may be essentially the same - closed
your mouth
sorry under that damn something
especially what right so jack notes down
my Louise is just the way Jack notes
down my Louise isms because he's gonna
put them in it a sitcom or a sketch all
right so we're gonna while we've been
saying we don't want a sitcom I mean
we're both so busy you're busy doing
your
secret project thing I'm doing my run
our in film we have a chance to Rancic
but we're not going to get less busy are
we yeah we well but we're not gonna get
less busy so we're gonna wait till
nobody cares about us anymore no work on
desperately Rapley somebody's watch
Isaac please but nothing else we'll be
busy but writing a sitcom together
that's the busyness that will be that's
I'm saying makes no sense I don't want
to write it for you anyway I have to
spend every day with you
I'm checking order up so would you look
at that he did it or like maybe do it
sons
yeah did all I wish my eyes were mirrors
so that I could look at things you could
see what was looking at like this that's
crass a really weird thing you said it's
it we've been talking for three maybe I
sound great in my head like keepin the
head then just keeping it hello I like
you too you see it's like I sign if
through you wait on the card lyrics all
along when I love you as long as the
odds are above you the song can see long
over if I may I'm gonna listen to this
part
ha ha ha I'm had my choice I came here
my choice
mm-hmm okay
I'm worried how long will I love you
stop
as long as stars above you
mmm-hmm this is the ice cold michelle
pfeiffer that white gold this one for
them hood girls them good girls straight
masterpieces don't believe me just watch
honey girl said she hallelujah girls hit
your hallelujah girls hit your
hallelujah cause uptown funk gon give it
to you good sounds mom don't give it to
you you're not tel funk don't give it
this selling ideas on don't believe me
just watch lucky one we had a lovely
time now we have to get back to the
email goodbye from thrilling dance
parties to more housework I've emptied
the dishwasher I'm about to have
like a picnic of goods some very excited
all of this Jack's already made his
didn't make me an identity I'm just
going to do some laundry I've got most
of it in here
oh hi and the laundry and but I have
come across the same Darcy's blankie
that it just made oh wow
that looking really great today in town
having a home day can't me she has got
spaghetti bolognaise on this and as you
know she has like a little lovely all
the time so I'm going to use just a
little like pretreatment I'm going to
I have some food and I think you thought
that put it all in just okay got a
little picture of my baby with light-up
glasses on right I'll leave that there
with her watching over it and and we're
going to have crackers and watch hang on
separately watching Netflix
it's called kimmy schmitt unbreakable
the unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt leo break
just got it unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt oh
wow
unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt unbreakable
Kimmy Schmidt this is like on the radio
when I did a show douche rodeo show just
let slip that in there so does he
and I'm on you yeah it's quality of a
quantity Jack yeah no that's quality
every time from me I don't have to do
several takes because I don't know how
than other years and years there was on
board King as it years me as I was at
King that did the song called years news
I years me this is a this happened
hearing issues yeah I can't work out and
although I keep being told you know how
some things will just never stick in
your brain but some things will stick
forever like did you know that hippos
have pink milk that's something that
stuck yeah I've learned something today
they go but years and years who did king
or king we did years and years I don't
know but I have to do that take about
seven times
yeah well the bandage cord he is new
year to me is the by the end of the year
you'll know because they're gonna be
I've seen a picture they've got Troye
Sivan her Jack wants Troye Sivan hair
that's not true what is junk just want
Troye Sivan oh let's get some crackers
can we take a minute to appreciate how
well presented that is it was a mistake
to eat cheese and crackers and get cozy
with a blanket I'm about to go into him
in the bath but the four laps I'm going
to take this out plenty of time and put
it in wash with everything else all
carefully and then put all the bits in
now got wet hand this bit goes in there
spill it everywhere this one can't do it
one hand okay wait wait wait I'm still
here I'm still here to do that when
you're trying to put clothes on when
you're on the phone check I've ever done
that to you on the phone when I'm
getting changing like I'm still here
wait wait wait I'm still here yeah yeah
that's a set short we just did but for
laundry that one in whoops
spilt a bit okay like um we'll do 30
it's better for the environment and then
blink and I'm officially a domestic
goddess I'm gonna have a bath because I
feel like I deserve one tunnel so I
won't wash today which is hi Bruce and
lush sent me their Easter stuff so what
forgot so I'll wrap it bath bomb I'm
saving the golden egg next let's run a
bath bomb Oh cute
now you owe me your watery up there I
don't fit there heaven is what is your
destiny now you'll meet your watery
destiny the bath on the other day to
have pattern check thinks it's
acceptable to put shoes on on my white
rug why are you doing that they're
rather we're going to out is it oh it's
cold could I borrow your coat that I
can't believe it yeah you know what's
mommy doing to keep daddy Guji Guji
daddy Googie yeah I don't care if it's
cold it's what
nice nice I feel a little cozy because
I'm here and it's just nice and it's
never messy and it always smelt like
nice food and my house is always messy
and smell a lot like cat food that's
true yeah no the other thing is about
that what the cat all that silly
downside to this house there's usually a
dog but she goes for the dog a week
around shame the dogs not here was
roughly shut to put me off I thought
something really cool can I tell me
aunty it's not see my lovely cousin
again and you just given me a massive
box full of on photos in the next room
what wah-wah I'm gonna find some really
embarrassing ones of you Andy Oh nailed
it oh this is what cousin Andy you know
when I said we used to go to cool one
like always you have to sit in the
middle that's that that's me sat in the
middle strange this is me
ih like six I remember this delicious
thank you for a lovely tonight on TG
shake out your dough rolling Thank You
husband all day thank you your Alexa
cook even better than Jamie Oliver
charmer you are all that from the best
you mister or licking me in the Miss
charming man in the world
well I don't want to say it but thank
you for dinner
thank you very much you're very welcome
Wow my hands looking really great to my
heart with oh we sleep at night returns
lesson we're home
and Jackson look too young which I
appreciated but he also care that you
know it's bedtime he also said that my
bow in this picture and come on I just
focus he also said the went bow in this
picture does not look cool don't sound
sorry you what does that mean right
dance is trying to salvage a package for
it I'm going to feed the cats and also
let's see if that stain came out let's
have a look because now all the way
please
it's a stain get it is an exciting
moment when you come on yeah or not a
mummy thing for anyone don't look cuz
they'll win it cuz I'm here okay can you
find it yeah walk walk walk did your
blankie happy days okay preparing for
landing oh okay don't help me feed the
cats come on then I'll take this one
what stinky smelly fish yeah well come
on
so teach you what to look after the cats
aren't we to feed them every day
otherwise we want to have cats anymore
right you ready put it down for them oh
hey boys come back no no take him right
in take down neighbor - sir come on put
over here put it here for them there you
go wait a minute
rocky rocky put it down that's right
kids put it on the floor so one of them
goes for him what's your ID again a
night boys laugh alot and now it's
really late what time is this actually
specifically it's 11 called past eleven
thank jack
um I've done a little bit of work and
with Jack's been watching interstellar
you know what's - beginning of it and
got a little bit for those of you like
phones oh we're doing I think not doing
a whole top well no I'm just gonna say I
was watching the beginning an
interstellar cuz I focus all right in
stellar black wasn't as good as into the
camera over here hmm no I was fine I was
I wasn't as good as it should have been
and I was watched the beginning of it
and it's so good at the beginning of it
sets up such good stuff and I I just
think it goes in the wrong direction but
now we're watching breakable can it
Kimmy Kimmy Schmidt was interesting it
was interesting don't throw things at me
John Woodson some comedy oh good
honest oh nice and close they're nice
and close
honest moment now and I'm feeling a bit
like paranoid because I worry about
things I'm a natural born warrior and
after obviously I'm sure you've read the
blog post and Matt and I separated on
great turns yada yada go and read that
if you want to read that and but I
realized I've just spent a whole day
with Jack and like doing lots of homey
things and I don't want you to start
reading into things because for months
I've been so worried that as soon as I
tell you all what's been happening every
guy is me spending time with you're
going to think that I am like seeing or
dating um and I'm not dating him just my
little buddy like the same way like Zoe
or Alfie and my buddy say something I
just eat eclairs when I'm pouring my
heart out whoa-ohh with the mouth level
the cream dish
and um so I'm not dating him at home
yeah I mean like they're not dating
anyone to be clear so the thing is as
well we shouldn't have to can't find
that out you're all no no like suspect
rustles I'm kind of just pointing out
for like the minority because I know
that like I know that most of you are
not ever going to think that and I'm
gonna be like yeah we get it but I know
that just I don't I think that if I
watch this I politely let's spend a lot
of time together but we do just spend a
lot of time together about distance
though there's a lot of so much space
yeah I don't want you I don't want you
feet touch my feet get away from me
thank you
it's actually what routes me I don't
wanna be its friend anymore um other
than just yeah I would say I came here
cuz I hadn't seen you for a little while
could you both been busy doing things
and also in the light of all the events
I was like I would get a bit stressed
from them sorts depending on you having
some obviously some some sort of
personal problems so it's nice to spend
some time with people you like it it is
just you know worry I worry about things
I don't mind your daughter either I
think she's alright it's nice of you to
solid 6:10 I'm not no I'm not glorious
note Wow
in my head my head it's really good hmm
let's do in real life
um I'm gonna go at the end of the day
what a big day of work and chores
wrap it up quicker when I watch Kimmy
Schmidt in my vlog
sorry all felicity all righty
that was a really weird note that's the
way to sever felt on camera truly that's
the weirdest I've ever felt okay that is
the end of the vlog I hope you enjoyed
it I'll see y'all soon because I'm gonna
be doing a lot more vlogging and I love
you what you doing with the camera
Jack's doing something I love you very
much goodbye compress up and subscribe
thank you bye
that was clicking subscribe that thumbs
up yeah thank you
that's all subscribe to Jack again
goodbye father
say brother hi it
