good you're kidding me
the bloomin lens I should have a new
camera arriving tomorrow although we
will not Li be at home tomorrow because
as you're watching this Zoey and I are
in Dublin I hope you're well by the way
I hope you having a lovely day I haven't
even said hello properly yet
how you doing I thought I'd just come
over and chill see some of you guys and
spend a couple of days in Dublin see
what happens have some fun so we've got
both the doggies haven't we look we've
got two dogs
hey baths a mr. buzz is very leaky and I
was to give you kisses Jenny buzz yep
thank you yeah as you guessed it is not
the morning so I don't even like there's
not even like an excuse that I'm going
to try and make up I was literally and I
wish I could show you my Skype call the
screenshot is ridiculous I was in one
Skype call a meeting about book number
three from 10:33 this morning in my
office until what time was there it was
like at least half five six at least
half five six it was literally a seven
or eight hour Skype call going through
all of the pages and making changes and
everything and yeah so I haven't had a
chance to dog yet today it is dinner
time although I haven't even a breakfast
and I haven't even had lunch so this is
actually my first meal of the day we
just ordered and got a wagon on this
little ones asleep over there I've got
big boy over here haven't I a big boy
and what are we watching what film is
this we've actually been really enjoying
it it's got Cameron Diaz in it keep on
telling me to watch the other woman I've
never heard of it before actually
don't worry though we're still gonna get
to some fun tonight I've sold lots of
things planned I've also got a a package
from Amazon that just arrived for some
stuff that I ordered yesterday
unfortunately not the new vlogging
camera that's coming tomorrow so I don't
know what stuff is arrived today because
I ordered probably about ten bits and
I'm not sure what's coming today and
what's coming tomorrow
and sleepy one let's see what is in both
of these boxes buzzers are a lot more
independent than Allah I think it's
because he misses my mum and dad he just
keeps him going in the other room and to
the door he that lays on the sofa the
other room by himself but I think it's
because we've got the neediest dog in
the world
no they're literally doesn't meet
doesn't go anywhere except on our laps
it buzzes like a normal family dog and
he just walks home and does his own
thing don't you don't you miss that
do you just walk around coming out up
here come on good boy
a new year follow him a new you jump
straight up here all that we've got one
dog each see look what this is what we
need don't we Zoe
we need another doggie right I'm gonna
open in these I don't know how I can
film at the same time can you film me
there's probably just like rubbish
things in here is that a torch is that a
torch no hope do you know what it is so
because I ordered a new one of these
cameras I don't have one of the little
fluffy things to go and talk so it's a
new little fluff thing new camera when
he arrives tomorrow this plan micro mum
is so expensive I have two on my camera
at the moment just for one is 15 pounds
15 pounds I think with your audience you
guys watching my vlogs live in person
all three of us are just watching you
open your wares I think I may have
caught something whereas women what I
said little things
oh wait station control before you don't
play playstation to you my gaming
channel you can use it on my thinking
I've got two of these again
what are you buying this advert trips
are out what do you think did you see it
nope I didn't I promise ring is from my
office for your office guys got be
something stupid has an end
why this is actually hand sanitizer
oh how for you give them a show give
them a show nah
what's the first time oh there isn't
Alfie deyes it gone I've got to be super
careful because I'm currently in the
bath break the dog so sneak downstairs
what did you want to do well let's show
them as well let's do like a proper
what's in my but let's go what's in my
bath video things that why certain
things not let me see we all good now
yeah right I might even cut out or blur
the last minute of footage because Zoe
was hide-and-seek Oh stuff that you guys
aren't allowed to see into the future
what's this stuff Zoe's just for
something the stars ridiculously good in
my bath I feel like I'm like a kid in
your bath in me like my mom is this
liquid young good liquid yoga and it
looks like this also look at my arm I
can't get my lipstick swatches up where
yeah just in case anyone was like oh my
god what's happened to your wrong what
is it lipstick come off right what are
we doing I was gonna have a relaxing
bath listening to Zane's new song and
then Zoe came up and said can I give you
a facial well that's pretty much
what you don't let you know what that
means I just wonder if I massage your
face really with okay I'm up for that so
I don't know how to film this this warts
in my body is that a natural tag the
waters from a bath tag this looks like
to me like a massage place the warts in
my Barta tag okay if anyone is watching
this who is a youtuber you here watching
this Louise sprinklin Oh sprinkle
glitter if you're watching this I tank
you next to do the what's my bath
challenge you have to be in the bath and
you have to be vlogging what is in your
bath I've showed you as you're - liquid
yoga and that's it I don't have anything
else in oh my god this makes me feel so
claustrophobic you don't get close to me
I was like the hottest thing I think
it's just for Shauna as you have before
every massage Oh why'd I buy my new book
like honestly who didn't even mean to
prober that but actually will I tell
that story in my new book and yes look
at me I look so weird
okay show your eyes if I drop you and
when I talk to my phone in the bath
Tyler take a selfie probably my favorite
things you've ever done I'm gonna end up
doing that today
so I'm using a tattoo Harper oil
yeah you tell them the bottom above
stuff glad I managed you get quite dry
down the sides so that's nice no no tell
everyone don't actually know fellas what
about my dry beard yeah I don't actually
know how to do a proper face massage or
station left on mature little mite
always know anything it's just shiny
okay you're not pulling my eyes apart my
pigtails
cuz I hope you wash my hair it's
actually is really nice we shot a tripod
holding the camera Tom will be proud of
me doing tornado justice
or literally touch my balls wait is it
you did you just stroked my balls
I think the Lois cot always like one of
the only people that fully understand
how much I love being massaged he's
gonna film the whole of this massage
mm-hmm look who's come to say hello to
me in the bath buzzy boy oh just as I
going to filming me what's that bath
I just put both the docs to bed I'm now
all tucked up in bed myself and it's
literally like 10 past 2 or something
I've just been working on the book I
need to go to sleep so thank you so much
for watching this evenings vlog I'm
sitting this evening because I know it
wasn't a daily vlog to the meeting so I
hope you guys understand and maybe then
I catch you tomorrow good oh good the
video thumbs up if you enjoyed it
goodnight doing this guy's why are you
encouraging me not meant to be doing
this might mentally shown you this stuff
