good morning it's Tuesday today I didn't
end up vlogging yesterday because we
just went to the beach and sat there for
the entire day and did nothing else but
at lunch bit of bat and ball and I was
about it so I decided there wasn't much
to vlog today is our last day we fly
home tonight which is sad but it feels
like we've been here for weeks I think
when you go somewhere familiar that
happens because you don't need time to
settle in so we're going to go I think
now to old Antibes and go to a food
market buy some yummy food make lunch at
home and then we might head to nice this
afternoon because we're flying from nice
and haven't been there since I was
really little get video remember what
it's like so we thought we might go
there for dinner which could be nice so
we're just going to go pick up some food
for lunch
in the food market picking up some melon
Parma ham fix tomorrow's
to make the black for lunch before we
so I thought sure you quickly what we
got from the market melons in here some
amazing cherry tomatoes is it delicious
I'm now going to quickly do a bit of
work outside on the patio
what time is it hey how do you know I
remember yeah tomatoes avocado melon
salami Parma ham pigs cherries artichoke
because scratcher with almond in sounds
weird goats cheese this is literally my
perfect lunch rose' and French bread
which I'm not allowed to eat and that's
everything
I think all that food and listen to some
kind of food coma cuz we were ended up
having naps but you nothing what were
you doing in the room rich reading okay
I'm exhausted I just woke up and I won't
be hydrated I think I'm going to grab a
quick shower and then pack and then
we're probably going to hit two nice
there's time to leave the flat we're all
packed up and we're going to head to
nice for an early dinner this is the
painting that we bought we're going to
take this on the clip that is actually
the painting this is what we're good on
a wall now joking it's all rolled up yet
to take off the canvas for us we have to
stretch it when we get home if he now
knows anywhere in London that does
canvas stretching and puts back on for
you because I don't really know all our
pieces are ready to go let's take them
into the car
we're now in Nice and we're trying to
find somewhere some quick tin and we
have to go to the airport
how could I come to knees and not pop
into Sephora
conceived of Nexus red the airport it is
called our flight
okay we're heading onto the plane and if
you ever don't go very dark Oh comes up
okay it's gonna be really quick flight
home and then it's gonna be really late
I'm not going to go to bed too late 1/2
1 which is comparable personal fault
get on the plane and use snack
then we're back in London we made it in
one piece that flight was actually fine
quite durable add tomato juice Maltesers
and Pringles and we watched like four
episode emphasis of Entourage there was
quite a lot of turbulence fingernail
boxes squeezing so tight
we're gonna head homes like midnight I
sure hope it's not home yet I watched
yet it's half 11 o'clock tomorrow so
when they said it was hot in London they
weren't lying it's going to be 35
degrees later on this afternoon which is
crazy for when you're in like this busy
city with cars and pollution it's all a
bit a bit much my room is so hot if I
opened all the windows it's ridiculous
I'm just getting ready and I don't
really know if I bothered to tackle this
yet I might have to but it's so hot when
I get out this room so I'm just going to
cook you do my makeup and have some
breakfast do a bit of work I'm as I said
going to her since today take my hair
I was using a holiday my mom actually
went and bought one in Sephora when we
were in Nice and I thought I'd show you
Real Techniques contour brush and just
dab it into the very very creamy and
then I just kind of Pat it along the
tops of my cheekbones where I would get
a suntan pull it all the way across my
eyes in the other cheek and then I also
ok just taking Dixie out for a really
quick walk before we start our day and I
think the kids are here so they're going
to come with and he's wearing a playsuit
like me pretty straight replace it like
my lips c1 but my flowers
the goldfish in the river that's so
weird
post walk smoothie hey what's in the
smoothie
what do we put in it it's just been on
it doesn't look like banana color what's
the red stuff yeah berries
mmm frozen berries to make it extra cord
now me I'm gonna have to get a cab in
town is just too hot to go on the cheap
I think everyone's just going to be
passing out
there's no aircon on the tubes in London
or anything like that so it's pretty
unbearable so I might have to get a cab
which would be real expensive
okay I've left the hairdresser my hair
looks poker straight because you have to
keep it dead straight for three days I'm
not washing see if you like tie up but
curl in it it kind of got stayed in that
position and so I look really weird
there straight hair but that was really
gonna do a proper right my blog about it
any of you who are interested also I had
a question some of you guys
can you please let me know wait the
beeping if any of you interested in me
and Ana doing a meet-up we have the
opportunity to do a meet-up in Cologne
Hamburg and Berlin
in a couple of months I think
so let me know if any of you guys from
those places and comment telling me
which one you're for just so we can
gauge like how many people might crumble
whether
something of interest so let's know I
have an updated you guys ages I'm so
embarrassed about blogging and public
but I'm just waiting for rich because
we're going to try and get the painting
and we bought in France put back on get
canvas stretched and we're back on like
one of those wooden frames it was
apparently when it's this hot and really
deep oil paintings
rolled up because it might start melting
so I'm just waiting for rich now it's
still so hard
it's
hello hot nice wheel it really turned
yeah look benzene let's go no it's all
part we know it's the painting yeah you
were thinking it could be anything and
they weren't there when she actually
took it off the canvas thing and wrapped
it so you know in Frank Americas go try
it sourdough pizza face
how I react to that like experimenting
so quietly thank God for Victorian
houses hey cool as a cucumber specially
the walls can you feed Dixie I'll start
eating a pizza
yummy pizza I can already feel weird
movements my son so who knows we'll see
how I feel tonight I'm now going to edit
this blog moptop on the sofa and chill
for the evening we'll do some work so
everybody done much today
so then end the vlog here and I'll see
you guys at Sunday which is a packing
video I feel before I went to France so
I hope you guys enjoy that see you then
