hello everyone and welcome to another
weekly vlog it's George's so George's
birthday and we've got some things
planned for today we just done at
presence which is my presence actually
the only one who's got here within his
family this weekend which to be nice and
today we're going to Australia I've
booked all the tables have agen
afternoon tea so it's like a sushi
afternoon tea bath and cakes and
sandwiches so that should be really nice
and then later tonight we're meeting up
with our friends and George's brother
Jimmy be et and old from Mexico so I
bring you along to document these kind
of things so today's outfit is quite a
smart outfit for me really for the
mystical back down so we've got this
little shit polka dot ruffle blouses
from sister Jane SuperDuper old file try
and link something similar in the
description bar below and then this
little bolero jacket kind of like a
cinema floor would wear and in black
taffeta I think with green stars all
over it is new from sister Jean also is
lovely ruffle detail in there this
pleating which could do with a press
book it's got time for that and then
and then the drizzle G and then I'm
going to take out my lower they pull the
bag with mineral I've been taking this
bag out for a while but slightly tied in
quite nicely with the red flowers on the
boots can you see that there hello
lilies falling all over the floor and
nice one and then I kept my jewellery
quite simple I just got variety of
bracelets from Monika vanilla and at Anu
I've got Monica's native ring bear
it's from my mom and Nana like a family
heirloom and then the new rings on the
right so quite simple quite smart and
put together smart cash for my boys
birthday
yay giveaways Oh a finger so just
enjoying Al cheeky little let's say
espresso over there aren't you
how is it nice that Ben listen to the
hime album non-stop this week I'm
totally obsessed they don't check out
yet I'll leave in the description bar
because it's so so good those women have
the coolest girls ever I want to be the
fourth member
checking I could be happy that way down
to know what over-pour been through
mirages Cheers
thanks for fucking punch a lot to major
in a minute we're in like the end
miss Harris and reactive
not casually and if they were having
full of love it we carry a busy Asian
activities we've got a Australian
champagne in the minute
Australia to be catastrophic like by
Asian food with Australian food of maybe
of least relation we have an Australian
can play that's a municipal net very
nice then there can be
that lovely waitress and with my great
team discretion have never seen a
massage know why all that rossabi wasn't
mixed with other thing ever but another
World War II or whenever I didn't
realize it was like a root like root
vegetable sorry press okay mr. price a
nice book he's our Asia afternoon chief
we've got tofu salad a pork salad tuna
salmon and prawn Aguirre and various
roles here just look so you
he was so nice the jinjo HS very
wonderful and hey we're really really
cool now we're going for a cocktail at
this newest maypole a tramp
I love the decorative phrases so board
hasn't hackneyed a pass through they're
very clean so beautiful pretty new place
amongst a gorgeous simultaneous
definitely needed after trading in a
coma
and out so we're back at the flat and
after a few bets which is hello in a
shell out because afternoon drink in
sometimes some of us idea for
productivity so good about chilled and
now they live an outfit change rate if
it's now so I just top-up
I'm a cook's I'm looking a little bit
disheveled it seems me of a consumers at
George's had a lovely birthday so far
going out for dinner just really casual
keeping it cold in cash will hack it to
know that with his choice and can't be
it that will Hawkins b'fer can you so
that should be a long wait gently been
the eyeshadows but I really like to
contour the highlights of enjoying this
mitch is a Primark brush and but it's
really quite stiff it's quite good for
any old car door I've been enjoying it I
must say and a little bit the hilum it
is a really subtle highlight I can never
really see it on my cheeks and but when
I'm filming I really like how make it
look for they used a so I thought
despite not really being able to see it
on my cheeks I think it's quite good
when you said when I was good quickly
not much it's very so it's not sparkly
at all Russia China just like blend the
two of those together like my perfect
shade need to conceal this little beast
the mother familiar for and Mac mad
and there we go so here is my outfit for
George's birthday evening you just saw
that dress is like the beautiful little
cold shoulder detailing and the frill
and then it's all stroke and high next
it's quite a long dress for me but I
really really like its promises to join
again
I woke up this morning to the postman
delivering me the new Inga DeFrancisco
so I'm really thrilled with that I just
got my authors leather jacket on there
so you grab a hockey now with you can my
got a pad and I don't get my not big on
tequila drink can it be like
back at home now clearly got to make a
pot I've just been picking my face in
the mirror which it's never a good idea
but lack of a soul or flowing rather
really nice night ate way too much from
soulful
yeah really real love the night club a
day George did you have a nice birthday
yes little bit enjoy it thank you
okay I don't think I'm going to vlog
tomorrow and but I'll be plugging no
doubt on Thursday there's no blogging
and then blogging good night good
morning everybody today is Thursday and
the last time I 50 it was on choosing
that after George's birthday what was a
really lovely night and we got home
quite early which is nice because we
were day drinking so you need to get a
good night's sleep and yeah it's a
really really lovely night with all the
gang great food at work as always as
nice and cheap and cheerful and then
yesterday I was just attached in a
laptop tinnitus pyramid and filmed a
acceptable video with full effect looks
which will be on my channel already by
now so I'll leave it linked on the
screen for you today I am shooting
Sophia ideally we're going to shoot for
looks but most likely 3 we're going to
get some breakfast is about it's kind of
like Elmer dot right now and she should
get here imminently so we're going to
get some breakfast probably a dream girl
which is my favorite brunch joint in
Manchester so I'd quickly show you my
first look for today it's a very very
smart look I thought it was quite mod
like white 60s mod distracted from a
Peruvian Bronto burger at least a French
brand kurta Rosanna
and it's just a really beautiful shit a
line shift dress and with little belt
and then it's got this gorgeous neck
detail that PVC hair very 60s mod I'm
loving it and obviously has a team it
with my mod sunglasses and then I just
got my couch boots and Roberta
and I think I'm going to shoot the multi
bag today with it because it's not shot
the modified yes sets look one build a
blog very very soon I'm going to love
them what would she do mansion go in for
a really healthy dinner that really was
breakfast I don't really know who I am
anymore does we have scrambled eggs
which should resign but I've got secret
I don't have a breakfast coming
oh my second breakfast
so what No
just for the record cheer takes like
foxclon mumbo token answers hello
everyone so it's been effective hours
now since I like to blow anything in a
busy shooting away something i polyMet
about loser come back okay well is gonna
fail pun fail all my shoots one undone
damn it move shot here look so very on
the third one now which we should really
key little cherry bar build from Topshop
I'll leave it with like a tumbler and it
will offer on the blog and fury and yes
we're just going to transplant location
now and I feel like a lot of prop hello
everyone so so he's just last is 5 to 3
now we only managed to get three looks a
shot ideally white shoot but it's not a
problem because I'm going to see Sophie
interview in a week or so anyway yeah
basically I wanted Sophie together a
good time so she wouldn't get stuck in
traffic because she lives in Yorkshire
so it's about 45 minute drive away so oh
so she's just left I'm just loving life
with my coffee right now it just changed
them in a bit comfortable before I get
ready for tonight I'm going to nail some
emails because I may talk to you about
what 26 emails in my inbox since this
morning so not too shabby at all so I do
a time and then I might crack home
writing a blog post or doing my
thumbnail for my videos from no probs at
first
so yeah started up the a page you cuz I
don't feel like a lot too much today at
all look even everyone so it fit if you
alright now I've just been working away
and then just dial myself up ready for
tonight so we're going to bills they've
gotten some music performance to
celebrate the new summer menu and
they've got lots of acts going on a very
very different places so Carl told dr.
min this amazing or liquid blood this is
from a sauce the reclaimed vintage and I
bought it for the festival video that
was talked about earlier
Sanjay today and I'm totally obsessed
with it so this is what I've sucked up
with for an evening out super successful
under the
so this is my houses of the day for the
app this browser farm out for the day
half of the night we've got the top is
farmer claim vintage a sauce and I put
these earrings in might be a bit much
but I felt like it needed something from
the air and they pink is like the
perfect pink for these so I think I'm
going to go with it we'll see then I got
and I think my new favorite jeans of all
outside hanging paint my leather jacket
and a bag of some description so that's
me hello everyone I'm happy Saturday so
today I am in a different setting
I'm in Helmsley at George's parents
house we came here last night and has a
really lovely like relaxed evening and
I'm already about a beautiful dress on
by Rick so there's no foolin - there is
this house so actually properly and then
like some seriously neon pink eye shadow
going on because we're heading to York
now my parents here and say that prevent
that my sister had downstairs and we're
just like to get in a taxi and head to
York for the evening about porush now
and we're going to go to a chocolate
making cause they kindly got me a
chocolate making course for my birthday
I know my fans come along so it's going
to be really really nice we've got
dinner and a few drinks and just a nice
chilled one more the data stain over
here as well yeah it's my really nice
one so I thought I'd bring you along
this books in a little bit disjointed is
not really a weekly vlog it's just like
a random day within a week's vlog so I
really hope it's okay and you've enjoyed
our data studio
so I've no idea what it's going to be
like but yes we better get going I'm
sure I'll get my chance you'll hang at
the back together and then we'll head to
York
here milk okay now I'm a phenom you know
exactly how you should watch yourself
back from melting the chocolate you can
add art since we want a big tomorrow
blow drag must be families or each other
we just left the old Coco house and I
really enjoyed her so-called case with
the cake
high levels of PCP and we got it we're
going to go through gin now and then got
to go back in about an hour's time so
collect so it look like I accidentally
called now they labeled chili powder
wrong I thought you know chilean
chocolate is always nice and what they
labeled - chili powder wrong and it was
in fact curry powder what was a
beautiful mistake happened some group
doing something I loved it was really
good actually
beautiful I did fifty five percent cocoa
with English Rose violet Oh lavender
popping candy last week powder with
vanilla fudge little bit of excitement
of silently by when I encourage the
peppermint and orange eventually on top
he looks so good
I think yours is pretty my aperture
twelve-year-old over our projects like
so now I shall call mr. cheese it's
really really cold
you okay to dance and regular walked
away I thought we open oh yeah not good
time that's cool well it might remove
three bacteria cavity video mostly
relevant information whoa hi everyone so
today is Sunday and we're back home in
Manchester and I just thought I would
sign up now because not really doing
much they're just posturing around the
flower and get a few errands that work
you stuff ready for the we get but yeah
I really hope you enjoyed this bug it's
been a little bit of a disjointed wide
like not just the full week we've done
what we did with Joy's birthday which
was Warfel a really really nice spending
time with him celebrating all things
George Craig and lots of friend time
which was lovely and working and then
chocolate making a New York I thought
today that was so so fun something so
different not booked radiators I just
got a beatin and nothing that I've ever
done before nothing that the rest of the
group we did it with has ever done
before we all loved it and we this
morning sampled all the chocolates and
they were all delicious like every
single one even the more simple ones
which was George's dad Richard he just
did orange a milk chocolate orange and
then my weirdo one which was like dark
chocolate with mint ginger orange and
accidental curry powder but it was all
delicious it was just great great
quality chocolate that everything worked
with it see I'm having a very minimal
make-up Gator got lots of oils and
moisturizer on your face and then just
with my eyebrows a little bit like a
so yeah just a really cache pottery one
but I really enjoyed this book about
something he had and I shall see you in
my next video on Sunday
