where everybody I've been doing well I'm
gonna where's the majestic music if you
hear my ears
there won't be me oh hey broke on the go
it
oh don't let me interrupt carry on carry
on but can you do like drums and try at
the same time turns its rate than that
kid can't do I just changed jacket
because I was sweating out the other one
and it's catchy
chuck it down inside was going shopping
other reason why I'm wearing this cool
denim jackets because Byron I've
actually started up and the band is
actually called blood Devils pull
backwards devil for backless surface not
better than Facebook no I think it's
just able to pull be able to pull back
our band is called Death Wish pull back
I said in my income story yesterday
don't Google it but we did actually
google it afterwards and it was the
picture Tasmanian devil in it that's
what we are we should tas mate where's
the whirlwind of rock-and-roll we turn
it up to 11 that's what we do we started
a band me little jam session yesterday
we vegetables some good stuff I'll going
to vlog it later on the vlog we're going
out now to meet friends which you all
know and do it with shopping we don't
even go shopping with them we're going
to row potentially interviewing him
coming member the back we're looking for
a singer so what we say is amazing but
in the middle of Leicester Square and
all the pressure and if he doesn't make
20 pounds e5 at that and you imagine
this is cut believer talking about these
wretches 30,000 some harmless metallic
I'm currently on vocal rest are shooting
me speaking let alone singing there are
contradicting at the moment for the
first couple of songs we have to recruit
a new member so hopefully I've already
given away who it's going to be I'm not
but behind this white man and now bus so
he got after get run over areas Burton
area like a walking advert for duty that
or daylight mugging there is you see
know you can hear me castle wait again
oh so you have it watch but I'm 38
so Dinamo they ladies we didn't ever
record deal you can go up so you made
into a very fancy restaurant blues log
pirate dairy plus PI resides they
weren't far away and he forgot a nice
foot of C's not from not read from here
so you forgotten how big this shop
actually is please they're like bum
holes in the wall
Johnny originally read some holes before
you show me customer I made it like a
picture of me holding giant dildo yeah
but very nice on your ex's who sort of
the see as Charlie act yet yeah so I was
in a music video I hit myself with the
Builder not the first time everything
actually wait it's not first time period
that you do a regular that's how I
actually was just area the loft boy
never game we made a do we look you
Byron uh what what the new your mum work
here stop me that that's our ownership
by the way we say worry mom's here to
reading together boys you can prep
absolutely going threat or economic some
boring here we have it hastily some
snare Allah
right there up again you want to saw
well here it is here it is oh well I
moved from on the part Casper fi you get
go into a lamppost
okay heading home now first time in
Harrods would you get broke some
delicious honey some honey some
delicious I mean you wouldn't notice
anyone honey delicious honey it doesn't
I mean it's not on the label Lucius will
not dunk my pinky into think my pinky
into you right the cat was here and
really bloody ready
did you even come to Harris with us
where we got identical twin rehearsing
just for I got a proposition for you
yeah do you want to join our band yes
what you want of a triangle good okay
well can you sing no great cool you join
the band welcome to bad
really good you're definitely more of a
singer than you are drum player Oh
you get it
reason big your eyes should I get
something's like give me time you're
more than that
and
whoa I mean I really nice are loud it's
fine yeah I drown - Alice fine okay I've
been a good mother Chandra
and
I'm gonna clear it
hey Cass - pretty good
oh man it's really good I've got a
surprise for you come back and see we'll
close up we come back in I can come back
in if you can what the secret passcode
first of all what's the posture here
this is char palace how did you guess it
you've got a hard time hello so now it
is time to for a cook dinner azmuth
whilst you doing clogs huh yeah you know
if you've left a massive log in my
toilet I don't want I'm not gonna have
you blush it down Casper you've got the
story with you I can't reach
Jolyon I'm actually enemy tariffs I
don't know do something big here up
above oh wait warts yeah
is he a baby she's your age my third
baby what just another birth but baby in
my Doyler dies this right here is
probably let's be honest on the with
comic book cover bills I think we've
we've ever done between us so I
the very first coffee of username
uprising has come out Casper Lee's anus
I don't know how to show you but this is
it this is of course this is what's not
look like it's the third book in the
username series use name uprising by far
my favorite one yet look at the look out
the how cool it look yeah who's that guy
in the red jacket oh my golly what yeah
only while you know let's read it
everyone loves Easter eggs so here we go
this is it now if you haven't filled a
jet Ollie with link Egyptian below its
going pre-order the book no one gets out
yeah don't get that one there's a little
heads up if you provide a copy it will
not come out of cash bellies bum
hopefully imagine your poor bum hole so
here we go this is it this is a cover
reveal for the third and final book in a
username trilogy username uprising Alex
your collection link in description and
it's absolutely smasher skier who says
Marsha risky Byron I go again oh you
really shouldn't have and there yeah
it's borderline cheese custard sauce for
a drink sighs I cannot resize gasp my
girl is really healthy coconut drink
very very healthy hope it rains when I
write well wouldn't you know it is now a
time for bed annoyingly I mean I spiked
my memory card just as I had the coconut
water to Casper but obviously he isn't
the brightest bulb in the light socket
nice hustle right fresh even he didn't
fall for that which is annoying but
anyway I'm going to end today's bug here
I hope you enjoyed it subscribe if you
haven't already stoked miss a future
blog and I will see you very very soon
with another blog cheers my fortune I'm
not steady bugger goodbye before and
there it is pre-order yours now as a
link in the description on this blog
don't lick it and go and they're
literally there we go pre-order it
please
