hey guys what's up it's me Jer welcome
back to my channel so many of you guys
have been asking me what it's like to be
a style vlogger what goes on behind the
scenes so today I'm gonna show you guys
just that a little sneak peek into what
goes on so of course on a day like this
where I'm gonna do Aaron's filming
scouting for locations and pictures I
like to be comfortable comfortable and
all you know dressed up and ready to go
on with my day I like to take some time
to go over some emails and I also like
to write back to viewers to you guys to
my comments or in my comments and I also
like to write down ideas for future
videos and your plans that I have for my
channel I like to research the latest
fashion trends latest fashion news
tutorials just to be up-to-date and be
really informed with what's going on in
the fashion world in the men's fashion
world I should say and as you guys can
see I'm actually logging I actually have
new videos on my vlog channel which is
Jerry wood TV check it out if you guys
would like to I'll link everything down
below and I almost forgot with my outfit
actually for the day so once I'm all
done with that I and ready to film which
is one my favorite parts of the day I
love filming it you guys can see and one
trick that I have for filming I love
filming in front of a window I like
natural lighting best I do have lights
that I use occasionally but for the most
part I prefer natural light I just think
it gives a better vibe better look
better color and for tripod I use
Manfrotto tripod I think I've mentioned
this in the past and for my camera I use
done it's time for some lunch so I'm
treating all of us to some ramen today I
love ramen it's not a daily thing
I wish it were to be so we're just
fueling up for the rest of the day the
rest filming trying to get my energy
back and let me tell you guys it tasted
just as good as it looked so once we got
our energy back up we actually headed
out to a location here for photos for my
social media and my website and actually
changed shirts I changed my linen shirt
into this white v-neck shirt from Banana
Republic and they were just looking for
the perfect shot once we have the shot
we are off to find a second location for
filming so I had this location in mind
it usually takes a while to find you
know great locations as you guys know
it's really important for me to get
awesome backgrounds awesome views for my
videos just to get the best quality
content that I have you know just for
you guys so we actually found this
really amazing place here it looks
pretty unreal like the background is so
awesome the colors are great for
spring/summer so I always take into
account the seasons as well you know try
to get it all to make sense and there's
my brother right there on screen he
actually helps me out with filming and
yeah we are all set we found the perfect
spot perfect location taking some calls
and this is typical OOTD for my channel
and that is that you guys I'm just
wrapping up this video of course there
is more that goes on behind the scenes
like editing days which takes a long
time but it's so gratifying for me I
love doing it so that is it the perfect
outfit for a full day behind the scenes
of filming and location scouting photos
running around all day
perfect perfect balance so hope you guys
have a great rest of the week I will see
you guys with a brand new video hit like
down below be nice to everyone have a
great day adios
