good morning good morning good morning
to you Andy I've gone mad
breakfast Ebron cheese snack it's rice
cakes and macho chutney and some Port
Salut cheese and some our shoes no no no
mmmm yum yum looks disgusting but it's
delicious I don't know I needed to sing
that it just it is nice across me I've
put you on the mantelpiece there before
I do actually any cleaning I'm going to
just tidy up so you can enjoy that in
cue musical interlude what a bit of a
roll now I'm doing well for time so next
up is the kitchen she's a massive mess
my kitchen is quite small anyway and I'm
quite messy anyway so it gets easily in
a visit pickle so I'm just going to
spend the next few minutes sorting this
out and having a little bit of a boogie
wall so to do it
oh my
since the first room of your dreams that
is a mess so here is where I stamped my
makeup hello me and so I tend to just
leave clutter on top of here got a
little bath bomb and then diva Louise
and Darcy's and bits so then when I had
the bathroom done I always promised
myself that I'd keep all of this clear
but clearly not junk piled high here so
basically I'm going to put you on the
windowsill and do a little speedy
montage if you already tidy because
those videos are so satisfying who does
this a lot
Lily pebbles there's a lot of like
speedy things up in her vlogs and speeds
of tidying and I always love watching
things I'm like oh I wish tidying was
that fast so I'm going to put money to
come a phone and just get going
you
still need to get anywhere good clean
but if it was a little bit tidy now I've
got my like body things and facial
moisturizer on contact and solution here
and then in this tray which I bought in
America look what mommy's jewelry looks
like it's all just hot shopping could
actually have any special jewelry
although I do bull amis love this Oliver
Burton watch I'm wearing it on Bali
I like the be in it very sweet and then
- this section
here's daus jewelry she made a necklace
with a thing that you put in trolleys
and what she likes to hang out sometimes
and then this is for contact lenses lip
balm and just toothpaste and things
these are my supercool matches that you
light at the bottom of the bottle and
then obviously she's precious so I just
dispensed into there cuz I like the jar
obviously this Ali's cleaning I'm going
to put that somewhere in a minute you're
going to see then down here's a bit tied
here and then I just touch those things
away so now we see them before I get
started
how cute is the dock mate in a pledge oh
she's gone
my top momma tip all your over to a rush
is a hat because then you don't have to
worry too much about your hair and red
lipstick I feel like a much more
together person now or when I see you at
the school mums I think I'll feel like
looking all glamorous should I play
they're gonna come down are you gonna
come down the slide you little Wally you
having a nice time das is having a
little picnic sandwich it's a lot colder
that we thought it's gonna be it's kind
of bleak but we're making the most of it
aren't we and then we'll go home and get
super snuggling what should we do when
we get home do some coloring in here
some reading coming in tantalizing both
sounds good it's a P going on the slide
dump so fast that's a wrap I was
freezing cold if you can tell from my
like cheeks and face but I did not feel
like spring out there but now I'm going
to get on the little bit more cleaning
so that I hope I want to get it all done
before last ago spell Freddy this is
what a friend come here that so I'm
going to put my dishwasher on using the
very Platinum all-in-one once I smell
delicious
several Emily because lemons well and
and the reason about these if some seen
an advertised because my dishwasher does
anyone else get this when you take your
glass and stuff out they still have
little bits on so I bought these put
them in the dishwasher like so and then
this up and put it on and then I will
have sparkly clean dishes before I'm
away next step I'm just using this for
breeze it's the classic one oh excuse me
monkey I'm going to clean that candy
come in sofa please thank you um anagen
is just to freshen everything up just so
how what data doing I think we're doing
some reading she's coming on so well
with her reading ah I'm just telling
everyone how well you're coming on with
your reading
should we read together huh what does
Piper spell hep
good girl pick please good pop and that
Sam okay and then what's the next word
here
Oh on good girl this ha that's the
missus you haven't done I want lessons
there yeah yeah mmm ah
at not act ism at mat good girl here we
go and I just color the person in red
just the entire person just get her all
make sure every last bit of her usually
thing covered doll see I hope you watch
this back with your big girl
why saying just saying something to
future you it's alright
beautiful good job well done you proud
of yourself yes good um I really enjoyed
do my homework and I had one of the
droplets so that's my surprise after my
heart hard boring work mother boring it
was interesting and informational oh I
like my homework and she did really well
she worked for a long time we worked for
like a good 20 minutes solid which is
not wonderful and we did some reading
and she just in coloring in and we did
about 1st 2nd 3rd and fitted about
orders didn't way and I was really
pleased oh oh I take it all back little
horror little more
mopping next I am going call the flash
multi-surface called Strickland in lemon
then with this one I pour no love some
lemon and all you have to do is do a
squeeze until no more comes out you
can't go to wrong with taking too much
in and put some hot water in
you
so much run at what do you think they
smell delicious
can you not wait to the bath with them
you love it bought you this one the one
that feels like jelly when you touch it
what let's don't touch the local time to
brush your teeth okay
lovely you're gonna get your stool up
with a fella
this is just a lifestyle step monkeys on
teachers got some help opening this 90
92 points if anyone can write in the
comments where she got this wrong why is
there Sharpie in there what is that
gonna be gotta get up and see some
winners then came Wow you know there's
too many what do you say are you gonna
get up and come on Chizik cuddle you say
thank you
you're Annie oh that's nice 7:00 p.m.
that's the other key time that mummys
love as well as like the half three time
when it's down to all sort you kid out
now at 7 p.m. and actually all my
cleaning that I wanted to get done is
done today so I'm so happy about that
because I thought that I was gonna be
doing it a lot longer I've got something
else I'm going to cook dinner
I said cook I mean sort some pasta out
and dough balls and some green beans and
put it in bowls that's about the level
of my cooking skills and my lounge is
all nice and fresh and tidy and we're
going to watch couple of episodes
episodes episodes but Game of Thrones
and I'm using my like slinky pants
actually a folder and a clipboard and a
pad supply my videos because I like to
for my main channel videos a bit in
advance don't forget to come follow me
over there and I think I'm gonna leave
it here otherwise this video is gonna
get really really long one you don't
need to see all of pastor stuff like
that so today has been such a nice and
lovely this homie days I think my
favorite days even more than like crazy
wild amazing like New York days or
London days or la days or like doing
crazy amazing like glitzy things I
really really like being I hope I get
quite a kick out of it and I feel like
safe and cozy and happy yet so um in the
comments if you read if you've watched
this far you're getting a 9 glitter
point so let me know if you've watched
this far and also tell me where your
ideal day is actually
ideal date is there probably in Disney
World but if a hatch two-second it would
be at home while this lighting is not
fluttering I will see you all soon what
offer and hugs and kisses bye
