Oh dooshka Midori butt-dial what about
that ocean air
I probably sensing a different language
there's no language that was that we on
the courts below good morning everyone
I'm vlogging today and a lot before you
think of my last vlog so how do we
believe that you like that this isn't
midday right now and you're you're just
like putting this on well as you can see
from my my right shoulder your left my
right it's very hot in the UK right now
at the moment we've had a little black
mini heat wave which been lovely set for
this morning when it's been raining and
so I've been sleeping naked for the
flight for the last three days so I mean
I could prove it to you but this video
get taken down very very quickly and
plus it would you you'd be bad for
everyone
do you honest I mean nothing good could
come out of that happening nothing so no
you're thinking Joe worried off today
what are you doing you're vlogging you
must have doing this like exciting well
I am I'm going to Essex I've only been
to Essex once and I was like a few weeks
ago for the t-shirt competition thing
with NCS we were in like a university of
thing just on the outskirts or maybe
actually in Essex I'm not too sure but
anyway I'm heading back to Essex I'm
going on a little road trip to Essex to
hand out the very first obviously I I
I have one but then again you know I
would but I the second ever copy of this
book obviously I have number one the
first person to get a copy of use name
regenerated after myself has been
announced well if it they don't I don't
think they know that I'm arriving or
maybe they do I'm not too sure but I did
a competition on Amazon quite a while
ago where one person I've ever one who
pulled my book one person was going to
be the person I go and visit in person
to hand-deliver the very first signed
copy as she wait it's the first ever
signed copy because do up mine my one i
don't even show you this yeah I can
mine's not even signed you know cuz I
mean why would I say it to myself but
the first ever first ever signed copy is
going to be given out today and I'm
doing it I'm like a postman what are you
saying Olly high five
okay maybe not you're not in the mood
today are you mate
so we're currently on the road I have no
idea where bus we are we're all elector
Essex
South South End South Shields so South
End um my job is not right in this pile
the world
we're playing would you rather and we've
had a really rather coming through what
was it and would you rather a fly
permanently buzzing around your head for
the rest of your life or to smell
permanently a bit like cabbage
oh if the tapping is tough I said I
would rather long think about this nice
I bring up a further fly because I just
can't imagine always men and cabbage
cabbage in a nice smell and I think the
fly doesn't this say mean you smell
which means it's just attracted to you
but then we were Saints annoying that
would have like do you know you've got
fly buzzing or the added layer of that
bloody colonies a we've been there let
me know the courts below what you would
do would you rather have jelly babies
for nails or strawberry laces for hair
the thing is is it fizzy strong relators
for normal shoelaces not are seen as a
game-changer yeah I guess the fizzy ones
are too thick and she would always fall
out let me have to brush them and winter
whereas if you had normal ones you could
almost get enough of them you could have
any hair store you want I can do the
physical I walk with they've been
changed to fizzy change now um I don't
think physics that going back to the fly
issue I think we're gonna go going
exactly I would loss I would definitely
have J baby's fingernails because you
because I don't really large any babies
anyway so it was I would never lick them
a bite more anything I don't think and
it won't grow you just a to say I think
the best would you rather czar the
really really boring simple ones though
like I'm in a mutual the past so I kind
of think that Dean would rather go see a
future or the past
sure yeah wouldn't everyone know what
the futures like but both are really
terrifying yeah I would love to invite
my Egyptian times so that you will see
how they lived by Roman times that you
messed with the time-space continuum
The effect of Columbia do you know
that's better that we can't go exactly I
like the ones like would you rather have
like permanently squeaky shoes when you
enter a room it goes like this a bit to
do Emma conversation I would wonder
anyway look above anything
Emma we don't get to be really quiet
he's so funny like honestly like it
always happens I'm sorry I can't change
it I'd rather much gun shy like a quiet
room and your shooter clumsy squeaking
this is even more embarrassing yeah
there's the timid to do it out the way
is done like it started happened you
know I don't real icebreaker as well
like yeah it's like now I'm gonna meet
this girl so given the first copy of
username generators and through yeah
yeah what is a date today is the twenty
this one figure September is the twenty
is the 16th of September the 20th years
the 16th of September and they're
playing Mariah Carey it's got a
guarantee the Scott Mills radio one yeah
guarantees Scott Mills over there some
of you every year he always plays a song
on the radio every year I managed to
still catch it as well they're great
I have a little bit Christmassy though
and Lesley Evans go to the beach wow
what a day for a look perfect beach
weather you go to the beach it's really
can't hear me hello hi is that Sophie
yeah
I'm so fierce Briony calling from Hodder
hello how are you I'm good I'm just
wandering at you home
I am hon yeah great so I'm going on with
Joe sugg so I think you might know and
we are not long from your house so I
don't know to learn in say that we'll be
there very very soon to deliver your
book make sure make sure you're dressed
public at lon yeah I can I can call
myself now before you go okay yeah
definitely do that and then we're
looking forward to seeing you and you
thank you very much see you soon Oh
shout out is it west cliff west cliff
schools
Oh schools are this to west of schools
in southend-on-sea and Essex hello
unless you're a house light to school we
might know this until you watch this
vlog back but I outside of school right
now and someone just dropped their
cooking box right a little bit wet but
I've made it so so nice and Sophie you
are the winner of the competition you've
wondered a Mary first use name of
generators going to safety now you are
the first you're the first person to
receive are the see I before E except
after C thank you see you got me to get
you it yeah yeah oh the one big Union
yeah yeah you love that probably a good
thing it's nice my mistake so there you
go enjoy yes yes I got my phone right I
am home hello Olli you don't move
thank God I just got back now it's like
half six getting close to 7 o'clock but
7 p.m. it's been a long journey but oh
my word it was totally worth it do what
I do I see like crazy amounts of views
on videos and constant tweets and
constant like instagrams that people
have tagged me in that kind of thing
there's not just a number put on there
by YouTube is genuine people that have
watched your videos and like I said why
do you like the meet and greets and
stuff when I do the book signings the
the two of kaspar come up later on this
year and today especially it is so nice
to to go and actually meet the people
that support you support you and what
you do and like can tell you about like
how much your that your videos mean to
them on like a personal level like one
to one like an actual like what what my
videos do to people I'm so glad that so
if you won this competition if you did
it if you did enter the competition
thank you so much you might have won a
assigned little a signed picture which
I'm currently going through now signing
loads of those or a personalized video
message but Sophie was the one person in
the Amazon competition who won the
chance for well won the first ever
signed copy by me because you don't
walked into their house I saw on her
wall in a bedroom I could see her
bedroom as I walked in i saw there was a
hand drawn which I too asked her in it
she said it took her two hours to draw a
hand-drawn picture that she done herself
of me I think it was Marcus Butler as
well and Tania and obviously see that
she and she had that and she had Joe and
Caspar hit the road poster on a wall and
for me I was like yes like I can see how
much like myself and other youtubers
you see how much like YouTube in general
means to you as a person I can see that
you genuinely genuinely love but love
watching YouTube and watching watch my
stuff and we had a chat were and she
said that she really really loved my
outlast series on my gaming channel like
if you're if you're that dedicated that
you want to sit there and watch me play
for hours on end a game where I'm just
basically making myself jump and like
myself the whole at home I was so
chuffed that she really liked that and
that meant a lot to me and I was I was
just so pleased I was so glad that she
won the first copy and she loved it her
mum was lovely her sister was lovely
like the whole family were lovely
so yeah congratulations Sophie I know
you're watching this I hope so anyway
now Waterstones right let me find it in
my bag please
oh this will go into this a bit later
I'm very sad to find out what that is
but it's pretty obvious but so yeah in
here if you are a waters or these the
cards these the cards I'm going to sign
if you also enter the Amazon competition
you didn't win but you might be a
runner-up I think I have like a couple
of hundred come from how many hundreds
it was but I've got a sign here my
signature on there and in here if I
haven't broken it a little bit squashed
now water stones have an exclusive
Edition for some of their books right
and you better find them in the stores
I'm pretty sure on launch day and the
reason why these are special are because
so this is the jacket of the book so
this goes around the book and as you'll
see this goes on the inside of the book
don't break don't break don't break so
I'll see this folder on the inside of
the book this side and then this side
they're like a collectible cards on the
inside and you can pull these out of the
jacket let they come out of the jacket
and then you have like four collectible
cards and then on this side this is
where it's interesting right on this
side we have oak he's a guy I've given
away the characters names in the book
my last do this that early on I don't
know you'll find out anyway we're very
close publication de salt it lets us go
for it I'll take the heat guys don't
worry but here we have a shiny Evy card
is kind of like a guess like a similar
to let you know like your trading card
games there's always one shiny now the
main character the main one this is the
main one this is the Charizard
if
well of the username Eevee cards have
all the books you'll find the
Waterstones they're only a hundred shiny
edy cars there's a lot of normal edy
cards out there there's only a hundred
shiny edy cards
so that's your task if you ever in a
waterstones book water stone shop and
you buy a copy and you find the shiny
Eevee card in the tweet picture of it I
want to see you tweet a picture of you
with the book and also the cars I want
to see you tweet me a picture of you
with the book with this et card still
actually not taken out but still in the
book like this that's what I want to say
any of you tweet me that and you'll be
part of my special 100 my special
regenerated 100 there we go
I guess I carry this book around with me
at all times memory kind of rucksack and
if I meet anyone in the street I'm gonna
give this to you if I'm vlogging on that
day I'm gonna make sure that I've get
you in the vlog giving you this I guess
the second ever signed copy
if using regenerated I'm not too sure
but there we go right moving on sorry
about in the background I've got a
washing up I'm embedding its bedding
it's that time of the week water for
bedding um put this one here
no I'm gonna let it out radiators in
this house so I've got a kind of like
put stuff on the clotheshorse and just
hope there dries or get a tummy I do
have a tumble dryer but it never
properly cleans it then probably dried
it you know I mean anyway today I
received a parcel Oh
I kind of I want this turned off okay
don't go down say that by the way today
is the launch of the new iPhone 7 and
this arrived in a post I guess it can
mean only one thing and I'm very excited
I've never lost the phone in a touch
what I need touchwood because I'm so
paranoid Ted if you paper is wouldnít
so there we go I have never lost a phone
in my life and I've never broken I
should have broken one phone in my life
and it was a Sony Ericsson something
about my mum's hand-me-down furniture
gave to me once and but wearing
tracksuit bottoms and it fell out my
phone close my car door and screamed you
might even get weapon it got completely
obliterated but anyway I'm still having
a big phone and for me it still fits my
pocket all right that was my main issue
again the 7 plus round the 7 was because
I thought it's nothing my pockets and
look weird it kind of doesn't look weird
I don't think it looks that weird I
thought you know for the end of this
vlog I will give you a little unboxing
video I'm not known with my unboxing
videos in my vlogs as we know oh they
just made it so appealing to open look
you were thought about like the plastic
around it it just comes off like so
effortlessly as all the way the Box just
slides off just about to do one at all I
just do why you yeah they're so on it
even with at packaging they've like
they've gone that they put up a whole
department just on packaging who work
year in year out
just finding the best ways to make
opening an iPhone enjoyable they go but
there's no iPhone Jack I have more of
these than I'll ever need in my life
all right sweet odd you know what I'm
very happy the fact I've got a new
iPhone charger as well Kaspar you still
always steal my Apple chives on my last
Apple charger kaname not borrowed it for
an uber and he left it in the uber so
finally I reunited with another proper
Apple charger oh so he took it does come
with an eye it does come with a jack
I've lost I've lost the phone where do I
put them oh here is beer basically this
is it I'm gonna try and set it up I have
a little get little play around with it
and just see what it's like yeah is it
oh my god
we're still going he's still going
Oh an asset it's always give me a hug
joy main packaging look oh it was almost
like it was give me a hug I just know
what they're doing they're not the
wireless ones I saw in the pictures and
people calling us and fast about and
they've got like the this by the
charging adapter so you can just listen
to music normally why they were making a
fuss about the whole I headphone thing
what's the fuss about just plug it in
like a normal person
right it's the end of the night now and
these jeans right I got these jeans for
my birthday
really nice jeans right but they're an
absolute like that is not coming off
that ankle I don't care what you say
that is not coming off give your heart
boos are staying gross they're the
hardest gene these are the hardest jeans
to take off in the in the world it is
our thinking all yeah oh you look what
you've gotten rolled up that's why no
look you'd if I unroll them right I can
still roll hang on look this it is don't
go with your ankle a woman was before
this and it took about half an hour to
forget all of them this is this stuck
right it is now bedtime and you can't
ever as you can't even see me what end
to a vlog if anything it probably makes
things better try my some life or laptop
there we go
anyway I'm going to call it a night
there I hope you enjoy the vlog if you
did get a big thumbs up and I'll see you
tomorrow with another vlog potentially
I'm off to Bristol tomorrow's do a book
signing the first book signing so I'm
pretty excited but anyway I'll see you
very soon
Cheers bye
