hello everyone and welcome to another
weekly vlog I can't vlog my day to day
week in quite a while now but I am Nancy
a back into the swing of vlogging again
last week with my lesson box if you
haven't seen that I'll leave a link
on-screen but yeah this week is like a
business-as-usual week and very great
and we Candide I'm actually just let's
head up to London's get tree classic and
people are question to you today I
grabbed a microphone in front of my
favorite magazine so I'm really really
excited to be shooting them on a bit of
a did a bit of an experiment with them a
few weeks back so we're just going to
shoot some images to go with that
feature so really really exciting stuff
and then I'm going to meet up with my
claim ladies and catch up with em a few
meetings and that's I'll bring you along
with me very exciting week and yeah have
cause been as a pink frilly lace number
on with some gingham trousers amoled
American classics all trot songs so
better go get trained let's go have a
nice day shall we
their influence my very attractive
really about yourself equipment
completely from speaking of which in my
case many about the shining like so
students sewing that the Camden and now
I was treated in Topshop trying to keep
it on tribal languages Miller with the
best website as well and I've been
talking with trying mascara for a while
but always lower too short and I was
right
if so sure unleash your cousin muscle I
think it's about top respond really are
quite another affair at homes I got and
the best always to be the one it's a bit
short with the scared get my lot more
high-waisted government no I think I
might get that we've got the white one
here only forty rounds so that's lab and
I just carry the definite now it's very
very fun bellend
next I'm breaking my dingus on although
my game instead with the glove can talk
a little bit shorter I realize now that
the absolute goes French native place is
like higher and ruffled three highways
Andrew social and look at I fail what an
event a short a like a few short on the
bone and are we like they look cold
although Barbossa very much a made some
peaceful a lot of excess fabric groups
it nothing matriculated what I must
and finally this little shatrak floor
and I notice right so hey and she could
say that resolve for the plasma cutter
to get representative X estimate
anywhere otherwise realizes that corset
detailing here diffuse away an
atomically are intense right Nolan high
productivity issues I just picture
example which you might recognize from
my recent prepare you could be a seat
yeah people are very like it but it's
also very very featured interview and
except maybe now book which is a shame
cause it's the romantic Yuja top shot
trying on book but no one's looking at
the wide version event all symmetric
employees monk you know people over now
that I was but hated Lance's and because
it's pink top amazing feeling he's also
a day we can rush our until muffled
hello
and then Mara business people with the
feminine now that's what a change
Oh
that's about all
oh my god I love to do everybody as you
just be interesting to get my nails done
I went to chinky why those are the
changer into top job pay one of my
slacks peeled off and I'm going away
tomorrow all right so it's very excited
and a hair having dodged nails such as
when cheeky and got these amazing lilac
nails with foiled yeah I'm just heading
back to the gleam offices now before
skidline everybody today is Tuesday and
I'm an assistive flap inland devastate
Dallas man we just got a Wacom others
and just watch love island modular
violence at first time it was absolutely
terrible but I can tell them someone was
it so much because it's just one of
those things that's so bad it's good
so yeah which I'm really chill that was
in bed for 11 which was a dream because
I need my sleep right now but today I'm
going to meet George at Saint Pancras
Kassadin tactics is absolutely throwing
it down outside and because we're going
to Paris today with the Coupole like the
tube love is like when my favorite
brands of all time ever I am so so
loving and honored to be going away with
them to Paris we've got a party and a
dinner and because they're releasing a
brand new pair of trainers with pew
muscles in collaboration so we're going
to launch that so George and I are very
excited indeed just not excitable going
on is very oh and I'm wearing all black
today who come i we have arrived in
penny it's tricking his down here to
which sucks but yeah we had a really
pleasant trip on the Earth Day I was
just going to Childress fell asleep
again and usually nice custom beds which
is got so I very more seen at the amis
Tom Paris which apparently is just on
the shows leave a and the room is
beautiful like so so bright I'm going to
show you it now
so here it is just really lovely bright
very trendy room as gorgeous Gorge there
oh hello word and then we've got a
little Juliet balcony
it is raining but I'm look at the view
not too bad I have no idea where the
show losses from here so we shall see
fine up and upset with the Chevron Navy
floor and then we cut the beautiful big
bathroom here very very wide to the
fluffy ropes
we're just going to chill for a bit
we're here for drinks or add to side
choices my crystal children talking to
the fault babe I just chill in the room
for a bit and then get ready with me and
everybody else about 5 p.m. so is your
timing master plan what time is it it's
insane so we've just had an exciting
delivery to our room we've got the
pupils trainers it's an acceleration to
telephoto shot into the collaboration
with humour and maybe the main agenda
think I'm in black as well George and I
first got matching white once per decade
and I've got this gorgeous cool
detailing on the back like oh I think
the white ones would look at it would
this do anyway now auntie how cool is
that
so yes really social channel
computational in our body what do you
think that I've done I think that in
mobile I wanted to live that with the
suit than the black ones yeah George is
really really gorgeous blue suit hanging
up there
I look a lot like Zeus rural dress in
our pupils outfits of all this amazing
little piles threw up in my Gucci bag
all people the pencil so bag I'm going
to shoot in with my dear friend Renato
he looks Perry Georgia supporter look at
them go
the Rawdon shooting weird when asked now
is Mason see her she's such a little
babe the shots are looking amazing
we're going to drink now with the
couple's team and the Collier twins such
my grapes and before we head over to the
dinner and the hafting a couple pajama
suit this would be like Kyle Dube with a
lace camisole and different people the
pupils for tumor trainers very very does
it's all about people and then my 50mm
attached in the yellows and then I'm
Alex I've got a shower till a billet
stick which is coming with loosing
Beckham Brown love it George
really I'm gonna smoke a little we've
arrived at the cupola
a snake you think about what your age
others
some tears for me
you're always so Tommy trader
look at that
Charis Charis
George wearing beautiful suit and a
people share and people have and people
trainers and looking my say hi
you are a very tiny human having
so-called fucking midnight snack
Perez in style good morning everybody I
hope y'all did really well today is
Wednesday and we broke up quite early
today I'm talking on a blog and we woke
up quite early top breakfast with all
the girls but last night the council's
party with maven we went to a show and
watched angel Olson and really enjoyed
it but I'm not her one of the show
what was core is there but we're really
good really the chiller for generalist
and when I get home
that's nice thing to discover and then
we run cloth cocktails and then how they
can be no snack like I think you've seen
in the code before they so yeah today
with finger pencil of the girls and
George and I are going to have a day
exploring Paris before we get on the
Eurostar back to London and then turn to
munch answer later on about flourish so
now we're just going to go and do a bit
of shopping I'm going to collect I
wouldn't mind checking out messy as well
and then I would like to see the Eiffel
Tower because I'm basic like that
so yeah I thought everything your I
would just watch check out now Oh
let's go Patti
she found the Eiffel Tower viewpoint
this street is really really quiet if
you ever want to get some pictures in
front of the Eiffel Tower
head to the universities because it's
dead dead quiet and events amazing shots
I'll insert one on the screen now you
can see it that's what I mean Longinus
gonna slow it now since we left cold I
would just enjoy that champagne we went
down this very straightforward like your
cheese connoisseur and then in select
where we actually saw statistical Richie
and the Martin brothers were Charlotte
for example through the wall right on
the Santa - Jax teller and I'm skating
from one genetic evil Easter cafes both
orders from croque-madame
be rude not to
young coming on to me talking to the
club
hello neighbor
good morning everybody so as you can see
we're back home in Manchester we got the
Eurostar back to London at about 4
o'clock yesterday and then didn't get
home here until 11:00 because I train
from one from London to went to the
delayed which is great so I planned
today to have about the day off and just
Potter on the fly and get everything
sorted but I've had a few deadlines my
skin is so white right now so apologies
for that and so few deadlines are done
that this morning that just has a nice
bath and slowly corroding I've got kind
of like minimal make Wednesday and
because you've got a meeting a litte bit
later and we're going to vote and then
yeah I'm basically just going to tidy
the flat and sort everything I've got
lots of suitcases everywhere has been
traveling quite a bit lots of washing to
do and then tomorrow we're like deep
clean spring clean the whole flat from
top to bottom so daddy today clean
tomorrow that's why it really I'm just
really cached got a red shoe a t-shirt
on Mamata line jeans
yeah everywhere has a complete and utter
good to go home with that the flat is
partially tided now just need to clean
up tomorrow and now we're going to go
and vote and we've got a meeting in
Selfridges so that for a heavy news
so yeah George's back from the office
because we've got the meeting together
hi your lives it's the next day now and
last night without meeting and tawny
introvert ever having a hawk in a lolly
we're really good friends with ago we
were meeting with and we met and had a
glass and robear she saw at Selfridges
and the restaurant and Selfridges in
Manchester and then ended up just being
a really fun friendly night out in the
end I forgot the median so today I'm a
little bit rolled people describe no so
it's all good and but yeah I wanted to
check in now and just sign up the blog
and also let you know about a closed
sales I'll be hosting in Manchester I am
hosting a charity clothes shoes
accessory of beauty sale in Manchester
Jamie bar in the Northern Quarter on so
never 25th of June to raise money for
the families that were affected in the
terrible terrible terrible
Manchester bombings happened a few weeks
back something I've always wanted to do
I wanted to host the charity fail and
just get rid of all my clothes and get
them to good cause and when this
happened I saw what better cause than
that so all the proceeds well every
single last penny will be going to the
we heart Manchester charity fund and
yeah I really would look you all to come
down can you fill in so many clothes
there's going to be a cocktail that's
been designed by the bast aspect you
made called the LRB
cocktail and stimulus clothes shoes
accessories beauty and a lost be a
raffle which will be based around a
certain size so even if you're not my
size in shoes or clothing there'll be a
really good raffle with a particular
fancy handbag so amazing sunglass
there's lots of beauty products things
like that so the raffle will be not size
double if that makes sense so yeah I'd
really really love you to all come down
I'll leave all the details in the
description box below please let me know
in the comments if you fancy coming
along because that would be amazing I
can't wait to meet you all and let's
raise some money for a really great
cause so it should never ever ever have
happened but it has and I'm trying to
help in the only way I know how so I'd
love to see you all there give it
something to enjoy this video and I
shall see you in my next video
whenever that may be ah
