good morning and welcome to a brand new
weekly vlog I will say this one might
not be as cheery is my normal ones
because I've been feeling very well I
ate out maybe two days ago two nights
ago now and something just didn't at all
agree with me like I haven't been
sleeping very well without going into
too much detail so I've been feeling a
bit sorry for myself but as Mark said
last night he said have you been
drinking enough water and I was like
probably not and he raised his hand to
me and he is like I don't want to hear
it until you've been replenishing your
hydration sources and you've been
drinking lots of water so I've got some
squash cuz I'm a child so I'm trying to
drink less water
let myself feel better and yesterday was
a bit of a write off I did some stuff I
think is that doing anything was better
than nothing but it definitely wasn't my
most productive or positive day but
today I'm like no I have to give next
week hopefully of Lynnea ago a noise
calm she's going to be doing some work
out there and I'm basically just going
on with her for the ride slash on the
stage one pulling her on so we're doing
that next week and then the week after
that we're going to New York on a trip
so there's a lots going on so this is my
kind of final week to like get shit done
so by the time you see this up on
Wednesday lily and I will be away and I
don't think I'm going to vlog from
Stockholm
because I did one before and I think
we're doing something like quite similar
things and lose their job so you know
she'll be plugging in so there
definitely be something up on her
channel but I think the New York one
will probably be up two weeks from now
so there will be like a Anna gets out
the house becoming food because yeah I'm
like oh my god all I seem to do in these
vlogs is just hang around the flat I'd
like do you work which is very boring
for you I'm sure but hey it's realistic
and manage life sometimes so this is
another edition of Anna leaves the house
to do Pilates I'm really
not much house but I'm hopefully gonna
spice up because today when this video
goes live marks one year exactly since I
rebranded the blog and like resource
started it all as that Anna edit I can't
believe it's been a year but then I also
can't believe it's only been a year sort
of feels like it's been the Anna edit
forever but I felt sort of throughout
this vlog I would talk through some of
my highlights of the last year as I'll
show you some of my favorite clips from
the vlogs like a little this is your
life style yearly and you'll look back I
don't know one is actually terrifying
this life is too big smart keeps using
it's like chocolate carrot some like
what are you doing its massive he's
coming though like I said I know I keep
banging on about this but I just had a
lot of at home time and that has been
very advantageous to my sort of game and
being productive and today I need a
video video that you guys will see on
Sunday it's basically going to be a kind
of a home office tour so I thought I'd
show you a bit of behind the scenes I
will check in when I have something
interesting to say some other news to
update you on I know I don't normally
show you the bathroom because it's just
my least favorite room of the flat and
it needs some renovation so we started
the renovation if I hated being in my
bathroom before I mean now it's like a
whole new level of gross and disgusting
so I literally I like running have a
shower and like run out again but I did
want to show you something here because
I've got something new and my skincare
routine actually two new things I can be
doing a blog post on these scenes and
keep an eye out for that I did a bit of
a Selfridges haul and it picked up this
I actually think it's out of stock on
Selfridges now which is really annoying
because there's new basically everyone
was buying it but it is the dr. jar
Sarah midden so I'm meeting Caroline
lobster Lily really loves it she kept
going on about
so I thought it'd be nice to have
another option especially this one's
good for travel I really like the glossy
a priming moisturizer rich and I say
this is quite similar but just easier to
travel with because in tube and it's
lighter and smaller start it's very good
and then also this oh my god it's
another doctor gel this is the premium
BB multi-action skin care and makeup
SPF well it's 45 what around that and I
think this was only about 30 pounds and
I didn't realize just how tinted it
would be like it properly
it's like foundation basically I used to
use the water fuse back in the day like
the greeny one and that was always
really good this is supposedly like the
premium one with like more skin care
benefits and I don't know it's got more
coverage but it definitely feels like
it's got more coverage in it but it's
really really nice just super impressed
with this because I always sit and do my
makeup and stuff I will spare you that
footage but I thought I would just show
you a quick before so this is before I
use this and then I will show you after
and also I had my brows on the other day
finally I literally felt like a new
woman if you didn't Jamie she was
laughing because I was smiling I just
like had like a smile on my face because
she was trimming them brows she was
doing all the good things and it felt so
good my eyebrows I've got to put my than
an itchy it was horrible
and so they've had the tint put three
them so I always think they look a bit
like wool a bit Angry Birds for like the
first kind of three or four days which
we're in right now so by next week they
would have her definitely gone down I
also got my lashes lifted as well I love
it look at that I haven't even used an
eyelash curler the dream literally dream
but before and then I'll show you after
this is after I don't know if it's gonna
look any different on camera and I've
got kind of a couple of patches of
redness which will go down in like 10
minutes or so but I just feel like it
evens everything out it's kind of nice
and glowy it's got a bit of warmth in it
which I appreciate because I have not
been fake tanning this summer at all so
I kind of appreciate that little bit of
glow it's got in it and I just feel like
put some mascara on purple lip balm on
basically you're done I'm gonna leave my
makeup here because I'm going to Pilates
this morning then coming back then
filming a video so I will do a full face
then I'm just sitting and editing or
what I've already filmed and I just also
sort out my expenses August August
expenses
as always really fun so just a bit of
admin II kind of stuff I thought I would
start with my first highlight of the
past year and why I think that the past
year has been absolutely awesome now
don't get me wrong shit things have
happened in the last year as well but I
felt like overall it was a very good
year and I feel like as I near my 30s by
just a much more sure of myself I'm not
sure that's the right way of putting it
but I just think something like Twix and
you kind of don't really do not don't
really care as much it's not the right
thing I dunno what I mean like you just
sort of chill out a bit more in just a
bit more sure of yourself you're more
sure of what you want out of life like
where it's going and I guess overall
it's been a very happy year so the first
kind of big memory is actually launching
that unedited because I was shitting
myself like I'd sat on that name and the
whole like website and everything being
new and the logos and everything for
about nine months I think I actually
bought the domain in Christmas time and
then we launched it kind of I think I
was there for this date was the 30th
August so it was a whole nine months
I've just sort of sitting on it and
waiting and not being a hundred percent
happy with what I was sitting at that
time because I knew that it was going to
take time for the new thing to happen so
I was so terrified just cuz it's really
scary it's like a big change and then
the angles make up I'd had for so long
that's very makeup based and this was
definitely moving into something that
was more like lifestyle and not ask
Beauty focused it was kind of terrifying
but it just really felt like the right
thing to do and I'm so so so so thankful
for your guys reactions because you were
just you couldn't have been nicer about
it
literally the the general dude was like
yeah of course like this makes so much
sense for you and it's just the right
move to make and yeah that was very
terrifying and we actually spend a
couple of days before we launched the
new vlog in Stockholm our comments calm
we're supposed to go with our friends
and sadly one of our friends lost her
passport before we left but only
realised like a couple of days before us
and they couldn't come with us it
shame but we had a really good time out
there and whenever I've watched that
vlog because sometimes I do you watch my
blogs backs I'm an absolute leader
especially the travel ones because
they're just nice to relive those
memories and that vlog just fills me
with excitement when I watch chicks we
had such a good time when we were there
I'm so excited that I get to go back
again like when you see this video me
and Lily will be there and so I'm so
excited I get to get backs I just think
it's one of my favorite cities it's so
lovely and peaceful and relaxed and the
people are lovely the weather was pretty
good when we were there and it's just a
very beautiful place so it was that
coupled with the fact that I would then
come back to the hotel room and sit and
have a Skype with the web designer Jay
as he would like to show me what I
actually had to do on the website so it
was a really exciting time whenever I
think of calm I think of the Anna edit
rebirth I think of eating lots of
Swedish red fish which is why the best
Suites ever and it was a very exciting
time so I've left the house I'm a bit
worried this ain't bad it's gonna happen
I don't feel very well
I didn't rub my sunglasses but I did
forget a hairband so and this is it's
not boding well we're also very worried
I'm gonna let out some kind of like
atomic toxic fart that's gonna cause
people to pass out or some things I I'll
keep you updated because I'm sure that's
something that you're hoping to be
updated on parties update I survived and
the first 15 minutes was just pure ABS
which are the most delicate part of my
body right now so that was a bit hard
and afterwards I think I looked a bit
pale in the face but I got through it
came back soaked my dad on the way home
ended up seeing him for like an hour on
the phone there's something that I'm
working on I've got an idea
and I completely didn't match up the
dots that he is the right person to talk
to about this he knows so much about
this topic it was amazing it had a
really good coming up with ideas
concepts he was just chatting away and
it was very helpful and very lucky to
have parents that are just very
supportive of what I do and my dad
especially is very helpful and very
involved in what I do and that's just
really nice so now I'm gonna eat some
lunch but I thought I was throwing
another quick memory and I actually like
I didn't do vlogmas last year but I did
do for lots of weekly vlogs in the
run-up
Christmas so I did kind of christen
slugs and I just really loved them I
thought that was a really nice way of
doing vlogmas but not as intense and
especially because this year we're gonna
be away I'm gonna be having my little
like month-long digital detox so there
won't be any Christmas content this year
but the Christmas content from last year
is kind of cute and there's a section
where mark and I are putting up the tree
and whenever I watch that it just makes
you feel very nostalgic I'm very happy
and I think mark is great that's about
Safi isn't gonna get but I think
Christmas is always a really interesting
time because there's no kids and I found
me at the moment like me and my sister
no one has kids
and I just feel like there's probably
not gonna be a load of Christmases like
this will be a couple of Christmases
where we haven't got kids but having
kids at Christmas just seems like the
best thing and I'm so excited for that
so in a couple years time hopefully
there'll be a kid or two and I am so
excited for that moment so it's quite
nice to enjoy these like kid free adult
Christmases and because hopefully
they'll be cute people think I'm
pregnant now I talk about kids people
like oh my god that means you're like
pregnant now no definitely not for like
another year or two or three but I just
know that Stage four I'm like looking
forward to that moment and my friend who
has a kid
it is super adorable but go give me a
couple years yet this is quite a random
lunch but basically just using lots of
stuff up I had some avocado tease up so
I just smashed it up kind of made like a
mini guacamole I had some veggie burgers
they're very burn just reheated those
thought I'd have it with an egg and of
course lots of tomato ketchup because
it's the best condiment in the whole
entire world just filmed a home office
tour there you go there's my camera on
the floor yeah there you go
that was actually surprisingly easier
than I thought it was one of those
things that in my head was going to take
like a last film and I needed like
someone to come and help me with like a
fancy gimbal camera something or rather
you know I mean but actually it was so
much more relaxed and chilled just to do
it on my own with the tripod and I think
I think it's gonna turn out alright so
that'll be up on Sunday but filming the
outrage of that video reminds me of two
things the first thing of which is that
of course there's a blog post go this
video as always I'll make sure it linked
down below for you but it's basically
just a look back on like last year and
why I felt the need to change my name
and just kind of about yeah
terrified I was and how I felt like it
was the right thing to do and looking
back on it a year later and being like
yes that went very well I'm very lucky
and thank you to you lots so definitely
check that out and we recreated the
photos from the original post of like
welcome to the edits that was so funny
like our palm tree is so much bigger I
feel very proud of our palm and the
second thing is about the newsletter
because the newsletter is happening it's
written it's being designed and I should
have a sign-up link by the time this
video goes live
hopefully I said that in my last vlog
and it wasn't ready and people were like
oh my god what's going on my says link
it should be ready I don't want to have
to regret saying that but if it is it
will be in the description box and
you'll be like when you go to the Anna
radio kind of homepage there should be a
section on there so hopefully that is
there but time to throw another
highlight of the last year at you I love
doing this and I still can't believe
that she did it I went to Thailand on my
own I think was back in February time it
was for a retreat and I did know Samus
Anna was there you know my friends on a
van Dijk the really tall blond one who's
like super fit and amazing I'm going
away with her actually in October I'm
very excited for it and but she was
training over there in this retreat is
New Horizons like health retreat I've
done a blog post on it I've done a blog
and there's a little loads of content
from it but it was actually so much fun
it was kind of terrifying I'm not the
biggest fan of flying and flying for I
think I was like an 18-hour flight in
total I took three flights there three
flights back on my own managed to
navigate myself around obviously once I
was there I was with the group of people
as Anna actually traveling on my own was
really quite fun I don't know I quite
like to definitely do it again highly
recommend and you just feel so badass at
the end of it because oh I did on my own
go go and also the retreated so I met
such lovely ladies a couple of whom I'm
still in contact with now because they
were just so nice like one of them
Catherine especially we message all the
time and I feel really lucky to have met
such lovely moon doing it and we just
worked out an a and explored Koh Samui
and I did things like paddleboarding we
did lots of hikes it was just really
he really fun that was definitely a
highlight Vishal I was on a bit of an
editing role but I was just waiting for
some footage to be uploaded and I
thought oh I see what's going on on
Spotify because sometimes when I'm just
waiting for like things that to happen
they going to take five minutes it's
really fun just put on a song and sing
really loud because no one in the house
right now although I'm pretty sure the
next-door neighbors are in their garden
and would be able to hear me so went on
the throwbackthursday play this because
it is Thursday and it is so good it's
called I've actually downloaded it I
thought I need this playlist it says
this week it's a sing-along indie hits
take over Kate Nash foundations it's
basically on my teenage like angsty
relationships just in one song it's so
good it really takes me back and I just
love it and sing it really loudly and
it's got Klaxons on it electric fill
empty Vampire Weekend The Strokes
we've got panic at the disco can't stand
me now The Libertines I've downloaded
this because I feel like this would be a
really good thing to listen to you and
Mark and I are in New Zealand on like
really long road trips because he will
like those songs - oh okay - foundations
it's just I love that song so much so
the hair is going up in the head and
that is how you know that things I've
got a serious vibe just edited and
uploaded and sketch of that Home Office
which I'm really surprised I really
think I get that done today I'm still
not feeling too great but yeah that
managed I don't know how it happened but
I'm really Chappell that is all ready to
go and I'm just gonna answer up some
emails before Mike gets home but I
thought I would talk you through another
highlight of the year which has
definitely been going to New York like I
don't know it is weird like last year
for some reason I ended up going to LA a
few times I think I went twice last year
which is just I never thought that going
to LA like twice in a year but because I
can never happen in my lifetime let
alone like in a job sort of setting but
for some reason New York is where it's
not this year and I've already been
twice I'm actually going again in a
week's time which is completely nuts but
I love it it's so nice to go back to
these cities and repeatedly because then
you could live like a local and that is
my favorite thing to do when I go away
it obviously it's lovely to see the
sights and go on
Sam's and all those kinds of things but
with New York because I think I've been
about six times in total now it's I've
done those things but Vince the Statue
of Liberty I've done in Central Park
all of that is actually a vlog from when
I went with Mark and it was Mark's first
time there so we did all of those things
I literally was just taking off that
tourist list so because I've done them I
don't feel guilty for not doing them
every time I go back and it's just nice
to like go to Pilates classes and go to
cafes and restaurants and just wander
around at the 10 that you lift there but
you just got the day off work like
getting your nails done get my nails on
a paint box the last time I went was
seriously so nice because that way it's
just really relaxing because you just
feel like you're a New Yorker with a day
off I absolutely love it and it was so
nice to go with Lilly as well like a
month or two ago we just had so much fun
there and it's great to hang out with
her friend Keisha and we did lots of
eating the Bond Street sushi is still
something that I think about now and
what I really hope we get to go next
time we go back as well cuz it was just
so lovely but it's just been real nice
to get to know another city a bit more I
just think it's a lovely city always
have a good laugh over there I mean
obviously the shopping is amazing but it
is it's just like a nice film and it
september's a really lovely time to go
the weather is perfect so I'm really
looking forward to going in like two
weeks on the market home and we're
cooking dinner and I cooked a dinner
from this time it is Vanagon diet katma
my pal it's Herbert strong and we are
making this which is a lemon and dill
Pollock or sweet potato and beet root
mass except our live a supermarket
didn't have polyps that we're having it
caught and it was on special so it's
cheap yeah and also I'm not putting the
dinner on it because I just don't be new
ideal that much yeah it's me it's a bit
fennely and I'm like not sure how I feel
about that and so Marcus back from work
oh yeah in today's book I've been
talking about my
I passed yeah oh that Anna what would
you say is your biggest I like it
married
that wasn't a prompting that was good
people I'm I'm I like T I've been doing
them in chronological order with the
wedding is the final one yes my
highlight to it was awesome the American
yeah when there's love it could be a
whole year oh yeah then I take the
longest maybe we should obviously memory
should have a celebratory milk we're
gonna end it here because it's time for
dinner and I'm really really hungry and
then we're probably just going to watch
hot summer in bed which is what I say at
the end of every vlog but I promise you
the next vlog is gonna be it's the fun
one is that actually gonna be like
drugstore based they'll be a whole
they'll be recommendations I think
you'll love it and then after that I
promise that'd be a fun one where it
actually venture outside and but thank
you so much for watching I hope I
haven't been too grumpy and I will see
you on Sunday with that home of this war
see you then bye bye
