any of its grammar I plan your eyes the
meeting right we've going today on this
red van on the road trip around the
brain please watch the server we are
little shocking but a fairly important
guide amazing to happen remains to be
seen
there is a to Judas Iscariot prophet the
way things are
this will have much faster cemetery the
krumpers mother once the holes of the
butter melt in right yeah oh you'll be
careful compared to probably get a
rubbery crumpled scone is like the kind
of its worry Kiki kind of specs fake and
it's made of looking sugar that's why
people like everyone from what I mean I
think if you're really in that deep
primal one of each in my happy to beat
Monday there
for the day are you late that actually
was quick this that'll cool me out in 20
minutes I've decided to wear this dress
that I've been dying to our pages may
have a kind of tossed Americana 3d but I
don't want to really come through it's a
dress and I actually I still are wearing
this bag every single day of my life
6820 everywhere no even I do you really
have copies on Etsy Anthony the Via Roma
have different colors on real people
so all those requests a race fought our
way to worst select worse a sausage I
just posted this picture on Instagram
and I'm reading your comments in the car
for cadet probably one of my most
favorite pictures ever and in between
your comments now referring to that
pedigree satirical Q&A pen so I said oh
man's the story's setting up there's
always the very one on three questions
for us Arsenal blossoms in the car and
stephanie says how did you meet guy and
how did you two become best friends
we never made anything even our
diversity rather was like that like the
betterment of the ocean is estimated
yeah we're comparing myself when I'm
feeling that little bat
and then I sell them coming through the
awkward moment when it starts bucketing
down dream o our feet and not prepared
for their SMUD situation we've just seen
people in Wellington boot my heels which
is still intact looking at my favorite
such the gentleman gave me his coat
jacket blazer what a school reunion
blazer anyway we are leaving well and
add our half to London but we're going
to get oh you're gonna have a saga I'm
really good you know the chicken I'm
gonna go guilt about the loss of you has
a chicken you regretted it is a mobile
hot fries actually been a Turk I
understand now where's our car you're
getting ready for one oh my god you're
here oh hell look around I'm going at it
I'm going this side I'm going this side
oh my god the shoes thank you so much
quick shoe check kind of okay for work
okay not bad
premiered thank you it is almost in a
time in a 615 and hopefully by the time
we get to the outcome it will be just
attack again yeah everything it's nap
time planning to have a sub classes
cause we have like an hour and a half
that was really fun though
everything's like that everything was
pretty yeah including my dates so I was
good I tried to use this cream makeup
primer today those are beautiful my
Instagram line I feel like it's got my
makeup on or any well all day we're now
driving through after Shore town I took
of my contrasts well lovely to us my
eyes are like so itchy to know that well
if anyone says hi to me now not going
over there and they don't think I'm
being really rude to make ignoring them
they grill at all we're doing the rest
of the Q&A oh yeah but you don't know
the questions I receive them on my
Instagram okay
Danielle says what is the best thing
about your friendship we have
conversations that I don't have anything
to say this too but I get to open space
yeah face to share it's probably my
least judgment oh yeah this judgmental
friendship I can say stuff to you that I
really couldn't say to anybody else and
we often have moments where we say stuff
and we're like shit oh shit
so weird letter that I got in some email
on a side-table what's our favorite
thing to do together
also from Danielle oh good question have
dinner and have those aforementioned
conversation it was really cool that we
can go like we cannot have dinner for
like six months
hmm two exams yeah that's a very special
function so that only so few people I
can do that with and it's not like you
don't see my section on you
but first then you go back to being
normal
anyway this is why I'm Dina tickle yeah
like oh hi TV after go referrals yeah
what are your top tips on visiting
London school good question I love the
bar and like pop culture in London yeah
I think if I was like a chlorine who's
never been to London that whole culture
by the warmth of like you know I know a
cosy part I think that's just saying
there's like one in a Sunday Rose
hopefully this breakfast as well as very
English name now sorry name sausages
last room oh my god ah there it is Oh
beautiful and now I keep harping on
about the rainbow but really magic
something night at the Arts in love
tonight this guy we're literally so
hungry am i eyeing up the menu that you
need to eat right now we have this order
to move and it's fine right not bad
looks so small on your hands by the way
but we did have some started okay go on
easy tiger I'm seeing one of your prize
oh my god the best part of my day is
about to happen
wagging tail oh don't joke on your own
saliva hi angel
hi oh such a long day without you hello
I wanted to show you guys these in video
form and if you follow me on instagram
you've already seen this picture that I
turn on the scream initially yes I keep
Scream screen
yes I keep keeping them in the box reven
I said scream was because I scream every
time I see bu thank oh my girls sorry
about squeals but I am in love so these
are my new shoes if you want to see like
a proper shoe review I've done like an
actual true of you I've never done that
before on my blog
of these because I am obsessive em guy
made a comment tonight and he was like
you know I know she is because I
literally warned them like every single
time I could possibly ever wear heels
they're like princess oh my god those
stain they are literally princess shoes
I'm obsessing them found a few different
versions these but they still have a few
sizes left of these on Luiza via Romans
I'll link them down below actually just
read my blog post pass and then you'll
see if they're the kind of shoe for you
these are honestly the most beautiful
shoes I think I've ever owned just to
put this in perspective you I've never
kept a shoe in a box before I always
take the box when I throw the Box away I
probably have countless messages and I
have never ever kept a shoe in a box
because just oh oh my gosh they're not
real
I mean those are never staying the light
keeps reflecting off some religious
themes
I mean imagine looking down at your feet
and seeing this oh my gosh
by the way it all up my fake tan but
that's not what we're looking at right
now because look up us oh it is great
good time I've been so bad in my skin
easily it's really lazy and not good
although to try to get back into having
a proper skin routine is about three
ones you don't like it this stuff is
unreal it is the envy organics gentle
Queen Samantha it is so good if you have
unhappy skin if you just need this in
your life
it is like hydrating and calming and
soothing and nourishing this is my third
one by the way this is a massive product
for me and then the rose hydrating mist
I use that as well and tonight I'm going
to use my glam Bloustein art which is
such a good overnight hydrator
I love it if you travel or you go on
long-haul flight you need that in your
life so we know why I'm sending
still my dress I just have that urge to
become a makeup I mean look at that spot
can you see that it's pretty huge it's
one of those under the skin hunts if I
coming out and get me and eat my faith
alive is why I saw this spot coming out
like you know are this is just me been
asking for it because I've been so bad
at my finger recently oh my god sorry
sorry spotting the balloon doesn't
scream on you my cleansing routine where
debugged people panic because at a time
I have that so I really need to oversee
put it behind my head and I don't take
off my jewelry and I don't take my
clothes but but I would say when I get
home and I can make up one I've had my
makeup on now for over 12 hours I'm just
like I it's just my sub priority of this
like get it off right now
now I'm going to do with my Rose
hydrating mist oh gosh it's also good
and roughly
is the last step
and my face is now seen something super
exciting just rise and put up on my
insta story the other day that I was
looking for these and someone replied
and sent me a link to the real real and
I never had them before I think it's
like vests the air collector just put
the US version I can't eat this fricking
tag off because I know I can't return
them but one goes think that Chanel
they're from I think it's like through
2016 and they have pearls around the
outside and I just think they're so
beautiful you won't have one they were
looking for they did in on one but I can
another row of pearls on the top but
what do we think do we like them or does
it look like Charlie and the Chocolate
Factory guy whatever is that person's
name is you know what I mean
mmm interesting they all kind of cool
though they honestly feel a little bit
flimsy us here there's like look they
just feel a little bit flimsy and I have
a couple pairs of Chanel sunglasses and
then not this flimsy so I think I might
take him to the store and ask if they
can verify that they're real okay guys
speaking of haul I wanted to show you
that we've had a bit of a Duke saga
today and let me just put this up we've
literally had the biggest saga because
do you came back to the part with some
disgusting bone that he found and
basically wanted to eat it and I had to
like bribe him to get rid of it and
really disgusting so now he's a bit mad
at me because I could go into spoon
anyway
look what I have to show you ah I did
some shopping and I want to show you
what I got because I haven't looked at
it properly and trying anything on yet
and if you wanted to get some shoes no
no that's a lie I wanted to get this
dress so I saw the shoes and other photo
shows and mesokurtic such a good return
policy so I was like you know what I'll
just buy them and then if I don't like
them I can return them it's very easy I
really want some white heels and a white
bag looking for a white box bag so if
anyone knows any really gorgeous white
box by please let me know I don't want
to spend like too much on it because
it's something more of a trending but
yeah look how beautiful these shoes are
these are Jimmy Choo and they have
about the front there's a pointy you
know I let my point so I'm going to try
these on and show you what they look
like these are the Jimmy two-shoes
that's so cute and pretty I love them I
love the bow sometimes I find the heel
on the Jimmy Choo a bit too low for me
but this is quite a nice heel you can
probably have they're so cute - so cute
the next thing I wanted to try I say
trial I get some sort of beauty product
but it's not so if deep panting annoying
you he's so thoughtful baby anyway I
just thought difficult they're kind of
not very me at all but kinda have some
from Valentino I wear every single
winter America tiny bit too small to me
so anytime anyone's like what a walk
yeah sure and by the end of my crippled
and like my toes about some bleed off
I'm gonna try them on and even tell me
what you think I feel like they might
just be a bit too cool to me but I kind
of like them and I like kind of making
girly dresses as you guys know I love to
wear like masculist quite happy okay
obviously I would have wear them in this
dress but what do you guys think if
you're like The BFG when I wear them
because they're just so heavy that I
need to like use my leg like this I
don't think they make my legs that weird
because they're just so big and clunky
what I'm something now it's either going
to go up today or tomorrow so I still
want to mean my mind of balance and
please let me know in the comments what
you thought I'll show you a closer I
kind of love that but my mom does good
so well she says they like ski boots so
you do feel like that kind of like heavy
Elena but it still kind of lot better
let me know what you think next thing I
wanted to show you in this call is this
dress which I saw from Diane Von
Furstenburg
have once dinner like this from hmm same
kind of stripes more of a winter dress I
loved it so much I wore all the time so
easy to wear and super flattering and
gorgeous and I was like this is like a
summer version it's light and since I'm
going to try to start and show you what
it is like but I want to show you almost
like this which is a straw bag I posted
a picture and then two gram stories of
all my straw bags being my how many
straw bags is too many for just oh my
gosh so cute and this bit is like a tact
I got one from but for you people I
think it wasn't it was just a bit too
big and the little lid wasn't attached
and that kind of bug throw up
led to this one down below oh my god so
what do you guys think of this dress I
love the colors on first glance I
honestly prefer the hmm fit to this fit
although I do really like the color it
does come with a little slip underneath
oh and here are the shoes it would
definitely pair these two together I
think it'd look really nice
I don't know I think the fit is a little
bit baggy here on me but I do really
like the color of it this is a skirt I'd
be much more inclined to keep it I think
if you're taller this would look so good
on you I'm 5-1 so I think it's just a
bit short but I have two things to show
you a top and a skirt I wouldn't wear
them together but I just want to just
show you them at the same happy this top
is from a CV a white solid house nothing
new here but I just really like the
sleeves I thought the sleeves are really
unique and the fabric is really
beautiful as well and then the second
thing I have to show you is this
wraparound skirt which has a soak this
slip it loves the blue and the cream
together and I think with heels and a
little crop top it will look really
sweet no I love white after all the tops
but I don't actually have a white off
shoulder top it in craft until now
there's top of the trigger on the hunt
for so long I'm going to keep selling
out so I still get back in stock now if
it is I'll think it's a little but what
I really liked about this one is it at
hand it'll turn you know how you
describe these can someone tell me I
call them like baubles and I like but
it's not just straight across
it's a little bit more flattering and
feminine and then you have stood a lot
of ribbons which I haven't tied I'm
wearing high-waisted pants right now
which is probably why it looks a bit
weird but you were wearing jeans that's
where my jeans would normally sit and
then I actually wanted to show you Pam
which I can't decide about I think we
get cocked up they can look really
sweetheart so we're going to see through
not sure if you guys can see that a
little bit see-through so you're going
to get them get some nude underwear as
well I don't like that you can see the
pocket in the pants but I do really like
the little pom-poms at the bottom
I had a black pair of these kind of
count from winter and I wore them for
all the times I wanted like a white pair
for summer but I don't know about the
Petersons or the pocket thing this is
the last thing I have to show you and I
can't return it because I've worn it
already but I love it so much
returned it from urban outfitters its
most amazing red emoji salsa breath look
at the hemline I'm wearing it with the
Jimmy Choo shoes again just to show you
what it looks like but look at this oh
my gosh it's just so beautiful
I've already told like ten friends to go
and buy it they love it so much I want
to show you what I acted like after I
basically had like a bit of a makeup
party so I have no foundation on this
side by the way the glam glow totally
got rid of my spot it was amazing
overnight by the way and I probably
tried on about four different kind
lipsticks just to swatch because then
you from NARS and I wanted to see what
the colors of life and I also tried new
nails foundation on my skin I put it on
half my face and not this half and it's
actually to pay off for me I don't know
if you can see that on camera but I -
wait you like for me though any too much
my face and get into bed so I'm going to
end this vlog I'm really happy that my
spot just a bit literally overnight the
glam glow mask is so good it's the
thirsty mud by the way the blue one I'm
a big fan I am littering umber one fan
of hydrating your spots rather than
scrapping them and using like spa creams
and stuff like that
anyway wash my acne video if you haven't
seen that already okay I'm going to go
now and wash my face and let's take this
hair mask out of my hair I've had a fun
evening that's not so you guys it ain't
good night everybody thank you for
watching see you next week
