my god Wow
I just sat down to start the vlog but
then I looked out the window and a
massive cruise ship is pulling into New
York and I felt like I should show you
because the car is massive so I've
become a bit obsessive like looking at
the boats and stuff good morning and
welcome to a brand new vlog you know
people start these and they're like just
woken up but they have like a full face
makeup on and they really haven't just
woken up I really have just woken up so
apologies if there's any kind of like
crusty eye business going on right now
and but yeah lily and I are in New York
and this route our room is honestly the
nicest most incredible hotel room I've
ever stayed in in my entire life I'm
obsessed
me and Lily just want to stay here for
like a month I mean I'm sure that would
cost like you have to win the lottery to
do that but if so so beautiful we're
staying in one Brooklyn one hotels but
the Brooklyn one which is why we've got
the amazing view over Manhattan and it's
just beautiful we're here with West Elm
and for a couple of days and then
Lillian I'd like extended it ourselves
for a couple of days and we've honestly
had the best time I'm filming this on
Wednesday and we've been here since kind
of Monday afternoon and we have honestly
had so much fun like on the flight over
Lynn I just chatted to each other for
like a solid five hours was everyone
around us just got annoyed that we would
never going to shut up and then we cried
until we laughed because we cried until
we last note were way around
we laughed until we cried because we're
in a taxi and the taxi driver played
avril lavigne complicated and we love
that song we should have so many like
funny moments like good stories already
it's been such laughs and yesterday we
went to the West Elm HQ which was just I
mean it was amazing
like if I if I had kind of a office job
and I didn't do this I was a hundred
percent want to work that it has the
most amazing views over the Manhattan
Bridge and the Brooklyn Bridge it was
just it was unreal like I just kept
looking out the window and being like I
can't believe you guys work here with
that view like and you also have like
ridiculously cool jobs it was so
incredible as we had
look at their like full and full that
autumn and winter collection and it
looks really nice all their Christmas
stuff and VA yesterday we had kind of a
West Elm day and then today we've just
got a free day which is amazing and I'm
not really a hundred social what we're
going to do it's currently about six
o'clock in the morning because I booked
on to do some reformer Pilates classes
whilst I'm here I feel like the exercise
classes in New York just so good and
it's always really fun to kind of join
in do something different I mean all
we're going to do all date is eat and so
it's nice to kind of balance that out
the people watching is amazing at them
and I did one yesterday it was actually
really bloody hard and I've managed to
convince Lily I think to come to stage
one I know she's awake we've been what's
up E
and she said what something that she
hasn't confirmed her attendance yet
she's you can see how she feels but
hopefully she'll come through reform
philosophies and we can go and do that
like this morning and just take it off
then I think we're going to go to
Manhattan we haven't actually been on
the main island yet but we haven't been
able a and I think we're just going to
have like shopping date really haven't
been to New York for a good like year or
two so she was like I want to treat all
the places I think we're just going to
go fill up with shopping bags and yeah I
thought I would take you along for the
ride and show you a day in New York it
started pretty early let's just take a
moment for the lobby look proper lily
and I came down yesterday and we just
like chill out here and did some work
and it was oh my gosh they gorgeous
looking it up online and everything
Lily pick she did it they promoted you
yeah I'm done it yet yeah just gets me
very wake up this morning I was like oh
my god I can't feel my whole midsection
oh girl and yeah but it's cool to be
eight loads price yes thank you you're
so so so good I thought I posted
pictures right and a little hook I'm
crazy for it I should have taken photos
post pictures rise moron yeah and that
now we're in Brooklyn Heights which has
heels
yes am I saying appeal yeah you say
he'll fine you should get a heel shoe
didn't work here
he'll kill yes he'll I'm trying me I
think Assad has animated one I just
smashed my face with water if I press my
pieces like yeah that's going to have to
be and we will check in when we no
longer consider like midsection I'll
order my going shopping day today we did
it yeah and it was good Lillian message
she saw it was okay it was a teacher of
mine see she was lying deliverance yeah
just like a very chilled relax relax man
everyone in there and very like relax
and chill we were just talking about how
when we were doing especially after we
felt like our bodies are like this
collection like you know today I was
like mimics overnight formula oh my
goodness from Donna I was taking my
favorite thank you I know I was
I can really was there's some really
hard ones let me put teaser and it's
horrible but it was good and now we
really want to eat and french toast I've
come to Lily's room and guess what she's
watching
oh you're seeing things the way she's so
happy she absolutely loves it I'm
annoyed Lee Lily ordered her food before
like quite a lot before line 28 and mine
came first so she's upset about it but
look at this you ready
Oh survey I have now been in Lily's room
for like what 45 minutes
well yes 45 minutes and she's got me
into love island and the whole world
about there we super popper over then I
think their names Buckman folk I want to
know the backstory we might never leave
that this could just be a vlog of the
hotel were much just watching applies
okay so when it meant that Long Island
is like so crafted it that this is all
business
I definitely just wanted to note over
the whole episode I don't know I need to
finish getting ready because you know we
got shopping to do
so think the plan is to head to the like
Soho area of town we're staying in
Brooklyn so we haven't actually been on
the main of Manhattan bit just yet and I
think we're going to go over there
that's me
where I stayed last time I came to New
York and it's just such a good area the
shopping we obviously want to go to
glossier which is kind of ridiculous but
I think I made four trips there last
fucking slice game I don't think there's
anything else but I possibly need
although I do need to pick up some
repurchases of some things and I
actually think there'll be some kind of
New York related blog posts to go with
this blog and I was thinking it would
probably be like a New York Hall so
they'll be a blog post click down below
and it'll be New York release it'll be
either that alternative food I have done
a New York City guide before so make
sure that link down below see also link
down below will be you've guessed it and
platform with link can because a new
episode would've online today and it
would have been the episode with
Giovanna Fletcher which was so cool I
basically want to be her like best
friend I feel like if when I ever have
children I feel like she would be a very
good woman tonight she's very cool it
spoke to her about writing books how she
got into YouTube being money online all
those sorts of things and it was really
nice to get to know her and shit a
lovely home as well and the little
surprise guest which was really fun and
so yeah that was a good fit I hope you
liked it I can't believe there's only
one episode left and living I are
hopefully filming it a couple of days
after this going live I think that's
quite a quick turnaround and that it's
someone who we've known for a very long
time I think you'll know her as ever you
want to give too much away in case maybe
maybe what you have to we don't know
these things are all very up in the air
to what the last minute till they
actually happen so who knows but the
last one I think that we're not in time
so I hope you are excited for that let
me know if you have any guesses ok so
this is my day to outfit I've got a
weekday from a sauce just like black
like a high neck t-shirt I just rolled
it up and put a hair band in it so I've
got an emergency hair and if I need it
and then this is my and Other Stories
skirt you guys know I love the skirt the
slip I've got quite high so I sort of
have to do
it down every now and again but it's
very nice and slow to you when it's warm
outside I've got my selected femme
espadrilles on maybe because they're the
most comfortable shoes I have and yes
they we walked there like eight miles or
something crazy eight miles and a
reference and then I got my sign around
bag dick movies from glasses smooth and
I yeah now we're going merely looking
here around the bridge it looks amazing
to carry over it now look at her yeah
mark could have look about the prints
they tell us is very homemade
but the blade really like I have the
windows me and Lenny like the cross we
like this sort of life
we're going to know one screen about
that I literally had fucking shit we've
been in Sephora for about three hours
okay shit another and we just need a
ride eh
we need to leave we're going to be
something like we're just assessing
Lily's situation everyone I won't ruin
your whole this is what we going to go
through now hold it I will admit I mean
I am also getting really different money
I will admit that your bag does look a
little bit full there isn't really much
going on in mine but I have decided
broad place to go for this video will be
a haul
you can't be I mean you can be
everything in there anyway but if you
want to hear more about it at them we
did it mr. five my wallet didn't know I
do know it's not as fun but you mean
back in the day we spend enough money
but Lily really streamlined down and
what dollars guys yeah right yeah right
I felt like I got some good things
another thing Zoe I think you doing yeah
Lily even picks up a mini and then put
it back until we change change people's
lily and I have fucked up man we didn't
know what's be for lunch and then Lily
asked on quiz and recommendations
commended coffee Laura Laura
Amy thanks Laura telling us to go take a
look seriously incredibly almost forgot
status because
hungry we've already gone to town on
that work but some kind of tune I think
in like Latinization Alex brother
suspects for military night
we've made it to the glossier showroom
and I think this is my business
yeah this is our first visit this time
route so who knows how many visits we
will emphysema so maybe just the one
this time I've got a list classically I
have a couple of things pick up a lot of
people and mainly look I thought that is
so weird ahhhh McCloskey I would like
basically half the stories already and
now comes the Reformation and it feels
like a lovely place these comment
dresses and really his ball for you my
t-shirt is great it's a great material
was a great great solid searches we have
wore to the point of a good school
enough power so it's taking a little
life 3 the hammocks and I see in Hammond
a actually one it was very warm and now
we're going to be very frank observers
whether her life is rapping and I don't
know we're going to do it had proviso
donuts can just Google things is that
the best one that I've already do this
is what everyone says oh don't
I mean do it sweetie we're here for
another two days we found Keisha and we
basically just sat and chatted for ages
and then went to Maria Tosh and didn't
biasing and now we're showing her Lily's
crib there's lots of Wow's going on some
back in my room now I'm just going to
get ready I think we're gonna go for
some sushi but I thought whilst my room
was clean and cozy I would give you a
quick little room tour when you walk in
the door you're greeted by this which is
just the most spectacular view I've ever
had out of a hotel room ever there are
like proper plants in here there's lots
of words this is my call from today
lovely a coffee table really nice sofas
spent quite a lot of time on that also
it's a very good minibar in there and
also the Wardrobe
I actually unpacked I don't normally
unpack in hotels but this almost so nice
they didn't want my suitcase out so I
popped my suitcase in there got the
mirror hello
and then this is the bed the bed is in
credible like seriously so comfortable
really cushiony like sleeping on a cloud
they give you complimentary socks every
night which is the most ridiculous thing
and then this is the bathroom Lou in
their shower it was the rain rainforest
shower and I've got all of my makeup my
beauty bits and then a mirror I love it
so it looks like from the back
it's like bigger than muscle out I want
to move in right and refreshed kind of I
actually put on yet man that was awesome
I actually put on a bit of a red lip I
know I will show you it in a bit I've
got my equipment like washed silk shirt
thing on my Urban Outfitters mum jeans
under the stories like crazy little
mules same back as earlier but I will
quickly show you work on my lips it is
this from glossier I picked it up today
and it is in the shade zip and I like it
kind of matching the shoes a little bit
if it is like an orange II sort of rusty
red I absolutely love it but in kind of
lip balm form it didn't use any liner
and it is very like quick and easy to
use I feel like I'm wearing red but not
wearing red if you know I mean but Lilly
and Keisha are on the roof so I'm going
to
immediately might try and get drinking
and then head back up some Manhattan's
go for sushi for every fancy fish on an
assessment you are my guide quest now
Oh Chanukah moister thank you so much
we're at one Street and Lily thinking
really seriously but I really want to
hold a while we're at the sushi bar
there behind those weasels you guys and
this is credited to the like I basically
want everything to you she really she
doesn't ever go like seen abroad you
know asteroids that she not ray you want
to be in it be lovely guys apartment boy
Gordon Mouse ending this is spicy tuna
salmon avocado special like a crispy
right oh man this it's amazing lips
flowers very delicately placed on as
well as impressive is it absolute best
moment I've ever had
I'm excited to meet you guys in front of
us mark excuse me a moment and then we
go I'm in the back at the hotel now and
I think it's about a half nine if we
were cool we were going to the rooftop
bar and like have a couple of drinks
like hang out and that's because your
grandma's who are still slightly a
little bit jet-lagged and we're going to
get our comfy clothes and I'm going to
go up to Lily's room dancer Lily's room
and watch the love Island with her
because now a bit obsessed and
apparently there was a really emotional
one tonight
I suppose been going to go and which I
take up a makeup get my pajamas really
looking forward to it but today has been
such an awesome day like we were just
eating our sushi and I was like well the
best day is so nice
so relaxed so chilled and the weather's
been great it was lovely to see Kisha we
ate lots of foods I'm sure watching this
vlog you're like all you've done is
is eat food but it's been so nice I love
hanging out in New York and like
pretending that illicit areas and I
don't going shopping with great going to
philosophy a was great I'm so excited to
take my makeup off even though I've like
use with AusAID products before I'm just
so happy to know that I have my
repurchases so I've got my backups like
a new or a bit more liberally and this
lip stuff is nice I like it and I like
reapplied at once and but yeah it's been
such a dreamy day tomorrow we've got
some West Elm stuff to do and I've
definitely got like a little bit of news
do some emails need to like quickly and
sort out a blog post a Friday oh yeah
quite quickly definitely have a bit more
work time to mow by so it would be fun
to show you a day that just very
carefree and very relaxing and thank you
so much for watching this video
like I said link to the blog post which
would be like a New York haul and that
will be down there check it out let me
know what you think and I will see you
next time
in very different place oh oh gosh can
you tell the very side right now I will
see you then thanks for watching bye
