I love you hi everyone welcome to a
brand new vlog I hope you all well I
hope you're having a very good week so
far this feels really weird because I've
like got you in my office right now but
I thought I would rescue there and I
thought today's video to give it a bit
of structure I would do a bit of a what
I eat in a day I haven't done one of
these for a really long time I got a
tweet from someone the other day and she
was like I'd love to do the recipes that
you make in your videos so I thought
that's what I would show you today and a
little bit of backstory also a bit of an
excuse because this video was supposed
to be a New York flog but one of the
days Lily blogged and obviously don't
want to vlog the same day another day
was basically a carbon copy of this
exact same day that I've logged last
time I went to the glossier showroom I
think we even went to the same place for
dinner and then the other day we spent
half of our day in a place that you can
film so the vlog didn't really happen
but definitely check out Lily's videos
because she's got a New York vlog of a
really fun day that we have there coming
up very soon so check out but instead I
thought I would hopefully send you a bit
of an apology with lots of food and also
something a bit different instead of
just sitting and watching me like type
in my laptop and a bit of backstory on
my current food situation I have fed my
body junk for like solidly the last
month if not longer I'm starting to feel
a bit like a slug I just don't feel that
great and obviously being away for
practically like the last few weeks I
basically ate french toast every morning
a like pizza just all the junk food it
was great and I loved it but at the same
time I also loved how my body feels when
I'm just nourishing it a bit better
so today's menu is gonna be a bit of a
hard reset I saw Laura from buying our
blog late to mention that in Instagram
story and I was like that is exactly
what my body needs right now so I'm all
for balance
I don't you think that I eat like this
every single day because I definitely
don't like yesterday I've basically just
a sugary cereal but at that point where
I'm like no I need to get some nutrients
in my body I need to get lots of fruit
and veg in my body and so that is what
today is all about if like me you too
love
food and I've been basically doing the
junk food diet the last few weeks months
years whatever if you want to do a hard
reset with me - and if you're addicted
to sugar and need to like calm it down
then this is what I do and I kind of
need to press reset and just give my
body what it want and there's nothing
that I cut out or avoid is definitely
like an everything in moderation kind of
things they just cuz I'm not eating so
I'm making this video doesn't mean it
that I avoid it I am all for balance
know what makes you feel great and
knowing what makes you feel absolutely
rotten so yeah that's just a bit of
facts right I want you to think but I
just need like four federal day every
day because I definitely don't like
yesterday it was all about cinnamon
grams and it was great but yeah I'm at
that point where I need I need some
vitamins and minerals in my body so for
breakfast I just kept it really simple
I've just got some Greek yogurt with
some strawberries raspberries and
blueberries and then I'm gonna show you
what I'm gonna cook up for lunch and I
might also try and do dinner at the same
time as well basically just prep
everything for the day everything is
going to be like homemade from scratch
I'm actually really up for it but today
it's a photography day so I'm gonna
throw in like a little bit of vlogging
as we go but mainly why in a day so know
number one yes so it's pretty early in
the morning but I'm gonna get started
with lunch because I really want to make
a vegetable soup because like I said
I've got Lauren my photographer girl
coming around today and she is feet and
this way we can eat the same for lunch
and it's basically just like a kind of
vegetable soup with all the vegetables I
like so I don't have to like hide
anything in there and then loads and
loads of beans oh my word this smells so
good I cut up some sweet potatoes I did
actually buy a bag of precut carrots
which I know is the laziest thing ever
but hey you don't they look really
uniform I've got some peppers in there
as well - white onions a load of garlic
possibly about eight cloves and there's
some chili in there and then I put a bit
of paprika salt pepper on top just order
it with a bit of olive oil and then I've
just given it a good stir but now I'm
just gonna roast this in the oven on
about 200 for about half an hour there
is a recipe that I'm following right now
so I made sure that it's linked down and
just going
box view down below so in my massive pan
which might just be the best thing that
I've ever purchased if I can find it
online I'll link it down below but
honestly it's so good for things like
this I've put in two tins of chopped
tomatoes a bit of salt a bit of pepper
I've got a veggie stock cube ready to go
those are my cashew nuts that are
soaking they've been soaking overnight
therefore the curry later on then I'm
going to do a little bit of mustard a
bit of Worcestershire sauce is a bit of
coconut sugar just a tiny bits kind of
sweetened art that's all gonna go in
there along with my B switch they just
rinsed I think I've got bored silly
cannellini and butter beans so I'm
basically just gonna throw that all in
here get that cooking and then when my
veggies are done I will either throw
them in the food processor I'm not sure
just to like thin it out of it or I'll
just throw them in there and do more of
like a chunky soup I don't know so you
have a sear we fill with this one
we've spent the morning shooting and we
managed to do like three outfit pictures
in an hour I changed in the car it was
very classy Lauren is here I'm feeding
her my soup
she's game she's like garlic it I was
like yeah it's got eight claims-made
minimum and so about to have that I'd
given myself got nice hearty amount
there but I've made enough sleep for
about 50 tea people so I think I'll be
eating this around a week my camel coat
that I ordered as part of my little
capsule wardrobe rejigged has arrived
and I absolutely love it it's from
whistles I turn it around so you can
have a look so chat with like the color
and the length and the style I like that
it has a wrap around if I need it too it
makes it a bit more trench coat in a
little bit more fitted and structured
which is what I tend to like in my
clothing but without is definitely more
of like a duster vibe so I'll link it
down below for you and I got it directly
off the whistles website and it came
within like two days of my Barney
I'm so happy I'm just always happy when
I'm in my dressing gown but it took me
about half an hour maybe just to clear
up everything that we've done we'd kind
of had different setups all around the
flats so I just cleaned up that and then
I just heard the super way and annoying
me that was like this much left it just
wouldn't fit in the Tupperware box
otherwise and so I'm gonna have that now
some feeling a bit peckish still and I
think I might maybe have some dried
fruit not this is the part of the day
where I just wants a flaming hot
monstermunch lily and I have been
talking about flamin hot months lunch
for like the last two weeks we've been
traveling around
and we've been making each other crazy
so much so I will give into that craving
but not today but I will show you if I
have any snacks after this I'm
procrastinating from emptying the
dishwasher so instead I got myself some
fruit and nut so I've got some dried
apricots in there
fun fact used to think that dried
apricots were disgusting yeah and then I
think that has some in France or
something they tasted like nature's
candy like they were literally like
sweets so I really enjoy those we've got
some dried apples and then some cashew
nuts and also some Brazil nuts in there
as well so hopefully that should keep me
going till dinner time because the time
now it is ha 3 and we've got Pilates at
7:00 whenever I work out I try not to
eat in the four hours before for no
other reason than otherwise it makes me
feel sick and I feel like I haven't
digested my food and I feel like it's
all like jiggling around and look I just
it's just not good so for me I'm kind of
breaking it really this is my cut offer
because it's Pilates I'm like oh I'd be
teaching early around E so this is still
like three and a half hours to digest
when's your time
many hours have passed and if I'm honest
for having a real mare with dinner it is
now quarter to nine we went out and did
an exercise class and the idea was when
we'd be back this curry would be ready
amazingly it's got bit of like non cook
able potato in it it just don't monitor
don't want to cook I mean it was from
this book the over she blows cookbook by
Angela Lydon and it's the creamy
vegetable curry it's supposed to look a
little bit like that and then it doesn't
look terribly not like that but now it's
just got little bits of like burn kind
of in it as well because the bottom
keeps burning this this close to
ordering do you know what though I've
been reading this book oh this is a
terrible idea
lemon poppy seed lemon poppy seed
muffins how good do they look like oh
they're amazing the cherry bomb cookbook
I got this when I was in New York with
Bobby Brown but honestly it's like the
worst thing to read when you're hungry
so all the recipes look ridiculously
amazing oh okay before I show you dinner
I'm gonna make this whole wheat
chocolate chip cookies a toasted walnuts
look at that that looks like LaVon
bakery oh my word
Marty no I think it looks really nice
play Thanks I don't think it looks
terrible mark some he has none I'm
having mine with rice I did in a bags
I'm lazy reggae and there is my dinner
mmm mmm we're gonna go and eat this and
watch Great British Bake Off which I am
so excited about this is lemon highlight
of my day
happening right now thanks for watching
I hope you enjoyed this not so much
bloody this time but hopefully a bit of
an insight into ye when I'm trying not
to eat cookies all day but I'm
definitely gonna make that baby looks so
good I can't stop looking at the picture
of them if there's recipes or anything
that I've made on my face and linked
down below as I said this is a very
healthy day for me I feel good for it
it's good to eat lots of veggies
sometimes and I hope you enjoy
and I'll see on Sunday with a brand new
video that has Lilian I edited it the
other day thank you guys my mother is
hilarious it's hilarious
- you're my own horn I hope see that bye
