an annual date now because we went last
year at VidCon any lease for college
tomorrow so I thought I'd bring you guys
along on Disneyland adventure I lost my
vlog camera so I'm using my phone but
hopefully it'll do we're in line it's
only supposed to be 20 minutes
what ride is this starting okay I need
to make sure my phone doesn't fall
I wish we couldn't capture our matching
the sweatshirts another photo that
Disney
peace-out Disney peace out
literally so much to do today and I'm
someone bad it's 2 p.m.
well okay to be fair I got up this
morning made breakfast went to Pilates
came back made lunch and I haven't moved
since I ate lunch in my bed I also
ordered two really cute planners from
anthropology let me just show you these
number one planner is this one it's so
pretty I think it's just like so classy
and simple and then the second planner I
think is adorable it's not one
I'll have them both link down below for
you guys but obsessed I have a lot to do
today I have to ship out something that
I can't talk about yet or for a very
long time I also have to ship out the
giveaway package oh god I got to pick
the giveaway winner it ended yesterday
yeah I also have an event at 6:30
tonight going to a two-faced event with
my agent and that's the deal I just got
out of the shower I need a throw some
clothes on obviously I have a lot of
collapse I guess coming up and
sponsorships and I'm getting really
overwhelmed so I needed a vlog to vent a
little bit but my ankles are cranky when
I walk but it's just a lot because I
never do
consistent sponsorships but it's just
all of the brands that I want to work
with that want to work with me to have
the same timeline so it's a little
overwhelming I just did my makeup a
little tiny bit just so when I'm foaming
and stuff I look Sam I put together I
have to do this voiceover right now for
a video 7 so here I also have so much to
do that I need to write it down on a
piece of paper because I ordered new
planners today from Anthropologie I
found a random planner even though I
order two today but I found a really
random one lying around then I don't
even like that might just not that fun
but I needed something in the meantime
to plan up these videos because I have
one for Neutrogena one for Sephora one
for Sephora collection cuz I'm the
ambassador of Sephora collection or one
of them and then I also have a Lulu's
video because I have been partnered with
them for a really long time and we have
a year
partnership along with Sephora
collection and then Eugenia and Sephora
are just one-time partnerships as of
right now even though and like
potentially I'd love to work with those
brands long-term but that opportunity
hasn't presented itself yet so right now
I am just exporting this video as you
can help iPhone my intro up here because
I had to do my interest so I just did
with my blog camera I still think it
looks ok
am I even a real youtuber okay I need to
go ship out my giveaway prize ship out
some something else that I can talk
about and go get some products from the
drugstore
Thank You credit card lucky a sudden I'm
so indecisive now I need to go to the
post office and
in Chicago giveaway prize and something
else and then we're good
wore pajamas out cuz Eola bag of stuff
and I was minor you skin looks glowy and
it looks really crappy got some pressed
juice fries I just recently started
liking this but I only like it with
toppings and I'm with my sister that's a
very long day
well our that actually only took like
one hour got some goodies from Target a
lot of my skincare stuff that I used
since I was a little bit younger that
I've run out of or stuff that I want to
try before I do my drugstore yeah I'm
ready with me so I picked on up um what
do I have to do oh I have a toothpaste
event tonight so I need to get ready for
that I think until I kind of do my make
up this morning for filming so I'm just
gonna leave it cuz like lazy and I gotta
pee again I also have to find something
to wear I think this event starts at
6:30 and at 607 and I haven't even left
my house today I'll probably leave here
at like 6:30 just cuz I'm gonna first
one there but
how do you do on it really prepare for
this event I kind of just decided that
was going today
so this little red dress I got off
princess Polly it's from I am Gia boots
our docks and then this is a Prada other
jacket and as you can tell I don't know
how to do hair so
oh you guys you're gonna die it's
amazing
just got back nice I'm logging just got
home you know what that's good for the
most part I mean I saw it like I really
gotta get in and clean all of it out for
real for real
but until then that's gonna have to do
I'm gonna wash my makeup off and then
come the drama's on and I'll see you in
a second okay wait pause I actually
thought it would be hopeful to show you
what I've been using a breakdown my
makeup so I either use this amazing
micellar water oh it's on the floor I'm
so stupid
I've been really liking this I'm gonna
be doing an updated skincare routine now
I'm gonna be doing a get on ready with
me really soon
drugstore makeup or a drugstore skincare
Edition but this is one of the products
I really like and it's this micellar
cleansing water and I usually do this
first to take off my makeup or I use
this oil
it depends what I'm in the mood for
since I have a little bit of heavier
makeup on I'm gonna use this I just put
this on my face dry and then it rinse it
off after if it wants to focus that
would be really cool but it doesn't
you
good morning everyone it obviously is
the next morning um I have a little bit
too today I need to pick out some
outfits off of Lulu I'm obviously not
gonna show you because I want to wait
till the actual video where are my
slippers I can't remember I'm saying
anyway I'm gonna upload my school
outfits video it's 9:20 right now I woke
up like 10 minutes ago and I'm hoping to
have a productive day I'm gonna sign up
for a 1:00 p.m.
Pilates class because I'm gonna be very
sad if I don't do Pilates I'm kind of
addicted why does all the stuff look
disgusting that we have in our fridge I
hate mayonnaise what I'm gonna make
myself some peanut butter banana toast
because I like it a lot I got these
massive bananas at the market yesterday
and I really want to try and use a whole
one and see what happens so that's what
I'm gonna have for breakfast breakfast
editing and water in a very messy desk
like so messy yeah so what'd you do
today I have to clean thumb nail time
collage or do I like this one better
what it's about 12:30 I finish my
clothing haul filming part and I
finished the whole trial and portion of
the video as well so I'm really proud of
that I don't have time to fill my
Neutrogena video right now this is
usually when you work with a brand they
have things that would like you to
mention about the product just so people
are educated about it and stuff like
that I really don't want to rush to try
and film that video because I just
wanted to be really good I wanted to be
really good quality and I have like ten
minutes before I need to leave my house
so I'm gonna wash my face I'm actually
gonna use this to take off my makeup
this is what I'll be using in my
drugstore video anyway but it's really
good because I'm gonna tell the story in
that video how I started you great I'm
gonna tell the story in that video how I
started using this product but it does
take off basically all my makeup so I'm
just gonna use that really quickly okay
now that my makeup is off I forgot how
well that stuff worked it's been a
minute I am going to ahead to my Pilates
class
so it's been a little while obviously
I'm with Natasha we are at fuller house
with live show so we just got here and
it's a full house live show obviously
you guys supposed to beYOU know that my
mom plays mi chiamo her house and her
mom DJ for those of you that don't know
so I just want a dog I don't know how
much I can actually film at the taping
because obviously they like I mean it
should be secretive for the actual
season but we're just gonna go now and
I'll try and get some fun behind the
scene footage
that's the guy I pretended I was
Australia
hey guys we're logging we're not logging
we're logging on here and we're living
on maybe I'll say hi to my youtube
channel who's standing we're leaving
full house I'm sorry we just sat in her
mom's dressing room and did absolutely
nothing the whole time that's what we do
I be my blog nope oh okay
peace and love people I turn to the song
hi hi light
hi
in today's vlog I just thought it'd be
fun to film this because I'm going to
the chili cook-off tonight it's Sunday
night and it's something that is over
Labor Day weekend in LA or in Malibu and
it's just like a big carnival I'm gonna
go with my sister and our best friend
Cameron I think Simon Cameron's friends
are gonna join us so it should be really
fun but I just thought it would be fun
to like ha looks crazy hat is lack of
color this shirt is brandy these jeans
are vintage Levi's the sweater is
princess Polly this belt is princess
Polly okay so we're about to leave to go
to Cameron's but I really want some food
even though we're going to dinner
dinners at 7:00 and it's 550 I'm kind of
hungry so I'm just gonna have like
grapes or something I'm craving grapes
I'm wearing and crop top though so I
don't want to eat too much fruit I was
gonna go
my inner corners are so bright I don't
know how I feel I never do that but
we're Malibu and we're gonna go to
dinner now I'm with my sis and look how
cute this is Malibu Country Mart I'm
like never in this side of town I'm
never in the side of town so I'm never
here but let me show y'all around the
country mark because it's really cute
it's like a little mall they have
restaurants it's kind of like its own
community in itself and its really great
so we're getting some dinner
Cameron's calling me I can't what's up
yeah we're walking up I'll see you soon
if I look like a tourist yeah
from here
are you watching oh my god you're trying
to be funny in front of blog camera
instant game over you're gonna get a
real it's so zoomed up on your face
did not approve that I hated that that
was so scary
you're gonna be on YouTube
so basically all that happened was we
kind of just ended up leaving the
cook-off last night
and yeah that's basically it for this
vlog I'm happy I got to capture it a
little bit the cook-off but it just kind
of got hectic so we left but yeah thanks
for watching I love you guys don't
forget to subscribe we're almost at a
million of craziness um but yeah I will
see you guys in my next video bye
