morning it's Friday and we're driving
down to Oprah for the weekend which is
in Suffolk and it's a really lovely
seaside town we have been driving for
about three hours and it has rained the
entire time so we're really hoping that
we're driving away from the rain
hopefully as you can see some of us
having snooze in the back and yeah
hopefully what we dare soon
I
you
you
it's Sunday morning and my best oldest
friend Naomi had a baby on Friday it was
really exciting and she lives about an
hour away from where we've been saying
so just come this morning to meet the
baby some really excited I'm really
crying already and I haven't met him but
I did stop on the way just to get the
one thing that I know she'll want more
than anything which is some Brie because
she loves with cheese and she won't have
had me for nine months it's very
exciting and yeah I'm very very excited
it just got back from my visit to the
baby I forgot to film anything and the
cars I was too busy cooing and crying
and all that something something kind of
really special when your oldest bestest
friend of like 25 36 37 years of your
best friends have a baby switch was
amazing anyway I'm going to meet the
rest of my little family in takes lunch
now
you
you
