hey everyone so I am currently in Lisbon
I've come away with next and there's a
whole group of us different bloggers
that have come and we just basically
having a really great time for a couple
of days we got here yesterday cause it
like really early I got here yesterday
afternoon and then which is kind of
spent the day exploring getting to know
the places stuff and today I went to the
gym this morning really early and I'm
about to go and grab breakfast and then
we've got a bike ride for about four
hours be so fun my legs are going to
absolutely kill me by the end of it
honestly right in eternity and see how
basically exploring Lisbon by bike
getting some lunch then we've had a bit
of free times I might hang out by the
pool and then we've got nice smell for
tonight as well so a couple of us girls
have and comment to include a pocket
Eduardo and the view is incredible which
is basically of don't arrive in the taxi
and then we're going to get bikes around
bail em I'm really sorry if your
Portuguese and my pronunciation is run
this time weather purposes would be it's
just incredible
I don't even mention the 3d camera like
how far there you go I can see the sea
and everything looks so beautiful
so we're just getting our bikes now and
we've decided to go with helmet for
being the safe one by the way no one
else has got comments after we just feel
like we don't know what the roads are
going to be like in this bed I for one
am not the best on a bike on the best of
times like let alone I want a bit
Iroquois Crete this is just to keep me
safe hopefully
and here
we made it we just stopped for a coffee
break
so when investing to the toilet I'm just
like the whole way past the hour just
being like what are we gonna fall for
that is so gorgeous driving around here
so so lovely I love this now for a
coffee break
they're really really cute little cafe
apparently it's one of the oldest
happens in Lisbon so I caught it okay
Isis and ISIL
watch this quick update with still alive
well we've just stopped off with the
bridge and it is so hot I put on about
20 layers of Sun cream and I really hope
I'm not burning that's my bike the
middle man you better go and get us yep
still alight
about that too that you can see on the
other side of the bridge is the exact
same faction up in Rio and apparently is
the same side how crazy is that I had no
idea I was senior so hard to cycle with
one hand I can do it like three seconds
and then I have to give up our that's
the brain as Japanese free ice money I
got money
any janitor oh sorry
weakened itches back at the hotel now
I've just filmed a video while being
here and we had so much fun on the bike
ride it was exhausting though by
indirect sunlight and so I was
definitely looking forward to lunch and
then we had these lovely ice lollies and
yet just literally came back and I've
just been filming all the other girls
are by the pool right now so if I have
time I might go and join them I have a
little bit of work to do you've got to
like catch up on emails and stuff but I
really want to just chill out by the
pool with everyone so I'm hopefully I'll
get all that done quickly and I can go
and join them and then we've got a nice
Milton I don't actually know where it is
but yet for last night we go home
tomorrow it's been such a lovely trip
but today has been like the main bulk of
it so don't worry haven't missed
anything I have been updating my
Instagram stories every day so hopefully
you have felt past a bit by watching
that but I'm yeah I'm just gonna head
down in a minute I think that's the plan
so I actually didn't end up filming
anything else I'm afraid I don't know
what happened I think I just totally
forgot that I was logging but and after
that last clip I did up to work and I
did go down to the pool for like 5-10
minutes and which is really nice just to
like totally chill and then after that
we just had nice melt and scent of
Lisbon and then we flew home the next
morning and so yeah I just absolutely
loved Lisbon I really hope you enjoyed
watching this vlog Lisbon is so
beautiful
every corner you turn there's just
something to take a photo of it's just
absolutely gorgeous and I definitely
want to go back for a longer time
because I was only there for a couple of
days which and was lovely like I might
feel like we managed to get so much done
but I would love to go for an even
longer time just to explore it a bit
more but yeah I really hope you've
enjoyed watching this vlog and I'll see
you very soon bye
