okay Saturday morning we just got our
food shop so it is taken all out
basically I don't know if you guys
wanted to have a little like food food
shop Paul but here it is I want to make
it's too soon so I've got this to stuff
this doesn't like my shoes Anna got
snooty see it's not that it's like thing
all the veg I got some pineapple because
it's supposed to help I can do Slater
and I don't know how caught on now is it
like thin your cervix or something
really so I'm eating some now Hey fine
fine Amy I love Frank's Christmas jumper
it's really good there we need is really
common it
yeah because one yeah it doesn't even
look like a pudding you sure it's
supposed to be pitting just looks like a
would want these are the first mince
pies of the year I'm so excited
look they're really big and juicy one
and then wait is this thorn I like yeah
I love this peanut butter the chunk in
crunchy one and well else is interesting
not that much else hmm
oh I got raspberry leaf tea because
that's also supposed to help with the
health of your cervix
just on my makeup I need still do my
hair and I don't know what they're doing
today today somes going to be out and he
was gonna have like a shoot day so I was
gonna I don't know it like just do work
but we're both at home so yeah I feel
like I need to go out though try and
drag him out somewhere today's been a
bit of a change of plan and we were
gonna be I don't know what we're gonna
do I think I'm gonna do something anyway
in the day-to-day and then later on we
were going to have some family round and
but Jason's forgotten about this fight
night thing and it's like for charity
it's one of his friends who who's a
boxer so he's gone to that instead
because he totally forgot that it was
today so I'm I don't sue myself no and I
don't really want to like stay in all
day and they get so excited when he has
a dentist's stick and usually it'd be so
easy for him to sell so far only trade
cypher yeah usually it'd be so easy for
me to kind of do my own thing and just
um so I just go out on my own stuff Ozzy
I'm so bloody pregnant right now um I'm
gonna go out on my own but um yes yeah I
don't know it's just a little bit might
be a bit stressful and I'm just a bit
worried because it's like 3rd of
December so the shops are going to be
nuts because it's December um but I
really want to go and get my nails done
because I took off my shellac last night
and and so I'm going to see if there's
any working I get my nails done I want
to try and dry by but I'm getting a
gurney fully booked and so yeah I'm just
going to go on the train and then if I
get really tired I'm going to come back
and thank God my sciatic has got a bit
better so walking up there shouldn't be
as bad as it has been in the last few
weeks but yeah thought I just let you
guys know what's going on so I haven't
done a lot of updating today it's about
2 p.m. and so it's gonna get dark soon
but I really don't want to sit inside
all day
especially in our in where we live
because it's like this
some ones are bright but someone's
already dull and it's because it gets
dark really early if you're in here all
day it can be a bit depressing so I'm
gonna go out and get some fresh air and
just kind of wander I guess this is when
I wish that I have like friends that
lived near me cuz I'm just like oh I
don't want to do but okay I'm gonna put
the dogs away and then put the dogs in
their bed and then go come on in your
bed hello mr. Frank perform of the day
replica lazy Sunday morning focus the
Knights a bit dirty but I love this my
outfits these days is so pants let me
try and focus oh my god this is so
boring for this will end up in my other
dilemma is that obviously I don't look
super pregnant like you know what I'm
going to so I'm going on the tube and if
it's busy I'm going to want like
obviously like give me a seat there's a
seat available so but I don't like that
pregnant unless I'm like I stand there
like ah so hopefully it's not busy I
hope I hope so B I'm trying this jumper
from hmm I'll try link it down below
um creepy hand and then this jacket is
from ASOS like last year leggings from
Isabella Oliver I believe I'll link them
down below Maternity ones they're really
comfy and thick and trainers just a
necessity at this point because walking
is such an effort and I think I'm gonna
on the back of the door here this is way
oh right yet that happens all the time
this is where I keep all my life bags
and stuff I'm gonna see if I can brick
if this one goes with my outfit yeah
that it's quite cool I think you sorry
if the light here is not great but yeah
I think it adds something to my outfit
because it's a bit bit bit shit isn't it
let's go
I'm heading to drive I'm just going to
see if they've got any spaces and I'm
guessing that they won't so if they do
I'd be really happy and if not when I
look for somewhere else wherever I get
my nails done
okay here it is it's next to cycle which
I've always wanted to go to cycle I need
to go there when I'm after I'm given
birth
and I'm done by droid believe so so
night because I left my camera in my
back because I sat down left my camera
my bag and then I couldn't like use my
nails while I was in there but if I was
sat next to Alex who's the she's the
beauty editor Glamour magazine and I
don't if you guys remember my blog from
Paris with white cell but I met her then
and I love her through side next to each
other and like chatting and I wanted the
nude so she suggested one of the news
that she had last time
and then we mixed it so I thought there
should me before I forget because I'll
show you my nails later but I got there
shinee's and pajamas slippers thinking
called my blog that wrong but yet it was
so nice to see her and like chat to
someone it's really funny cause earlier
I was like oh I wish I had a friend near
here and then like I got chatting to
someone who I knew I was there so it was
like seeing a friend you know
my people who are going to Liberty and
look at the baby and just have a little
brown and then head home and start
editing
so pretty decorations not sure what to
do with myself now it's so manic
apparently it's the busiest day of the
year shopping so I chose the worst day a
hat to vlog Liberty it's so pretty oh my
god
mannequin here I think you're gonna head
home
lots of queue for Ben's cookies is huge
I could not be asked away in that I'm
getting kind of pains so I'm just gonna
try and hit home anyways get snuck from
the way home
but look what that's all over said the
train I was on was getting delayed every
single stops I decided to get off and
just get a taxi home
oh god I'm hope just home god that was
such klava I got it so stupid but I got
really emotional because like I got off
the train and then none of the traffic
was moving everything was standstill and
I was and like Jason's out and it's like
I there was no way of just getting home
and I just felt so frustrated because I
wanted to get home for the dogs and yeah
I just had a little like pregnancy like
got teary and then I got an ADD and I've
gone they're going to taxi and we were
stuck in a bit of traffic then I go home
anyway so I think I'm gonna start making
some sort of dinner oh I'll show you
guys what I got I just I got a concealer
oh my god it was I just can't get over I
can't go to how busy it was honestly
that was a Rhys tupid idea to have gone
but at least I got my nails done hey hey
boys in this back here I've got my
magazines from yesterday so I'm gonna
hopefully sit down and just read my
magazines and cheer myself up a little
bit oh I'm so attracted to pregnancy I
was saying I don't like such a gray
because I'm always wearing a cardigan
I'm just making some dinner and I really
want something I really want some like
veg like I want something healthy I feel
like you know you just eaten like
comfort food for a while and it just
makes you feel recrop Hey
so I'm just going to make like a salad
um making like a salad with spinach
avocado tomato and then I'm adding a few
new potatoes which I never ever usually
eat but I've just got them because I
just kind of wanted to change my diet up
a bit I'm so bored of eating the same
things that's what I'm doing and they're
so I've made my salad
just waiting for my potatoes just
watching Alex sign and I think I'm gonna
add this on top okay this is my dinner I
hope it's enough it should be and I hope
I didn't put too much dressing on
Frank's waiting as usual
that's not V though
and she always starts kick hit she's
since God ages got at 20 weeks she
always kicks when just as I make food so
funny
you're gonna eat it's fine just about to
eat okay so it's a few hours later I've
done some editing and I'll spare you the
details of how I'm feeling because it's
just a bit depressing I'm just gonna do
myself a little lush bath I can't know
what this is if it's a bubble bar or oh
it does look like a bubble bar what are
you I bet loads of you know what this is
anyway a little bit listen and then I've
also got intergalactic black oh I might
just put this thing it's not a good well
oh my god that tiny bit has worked so
well
also we got this from Amazon this is the
best thing ever like I would put this in
a favorites video but I feel like it's
boring to put in but yeah Jason just got
it from Amazon it's just so it's comfy
to sit in the bar and honestly it's just
the best like that and this I think
Nikki also bought this on Amazon and
yeah this is the brand I don't know if
you guys want an eye but yeah it's just
handy I don't really put any technology
onyx I'm Way too clumsy I don't trust
myself this is what I do
hey guys I'm just sitting in bed and I
remembered that I didn't I said I chain
my nails it's obviously not the best
lighting but here they are yeah this is
what they don't like oh I'll try and
show you guys tomorrow in better light
but I really really love them and yeah
like I was saying I think I was trying
to say earlier I thought I like told
Alex that I was wanting to go for a nude
so she kind of stood it like she's she
that's really hard to say she should
suggest it mix in these two shades and
then she suggested got it um yeah so
there it's really pretty and yeah feel
really nice and groomed now and feminine
and then when I was in I went into
Topshop really quickly because it was
absolutely manic I got this which and
I've been wanting to get my hands on it
for a while
it's the ex1 invisible liquid foundation
I got it in the color 11 and I'm hoping
it's kind of match because they only had
this color they have loads of this color
on one other one which was too dark I
think so
I'm going to test this out and then and
I've really wanted to get a new
concealer so I just went with my like
the this version of my corrector it
looks like this is just the boy and
tinted eye bright and I've talked about
it before my channel but I love it and I
don't have my last one dried up so now
I'm gonna sit and read some magazines
I got Elle Cosmo and then another Cosmo
I love her so much she is absolutely
gorgeous like in all ways that's what
umm yeah excited to eat that one yeah
sorry for the bad lighting but ank you
for watching and don't forget subscribe
if you haven't subscribed to this
channel and and yeah see you tomorrow
bye
