morning I thought I did a day in the
life video today there's nothing
exciting going on it's just there Jordan
I today they're not necessary today and
I'm gonna brave taking them to like here
so wish me luck so i thought i'd show
you how get on with that what we eat
today what cook for tonight just kind of
holiday go so it is hemp are 7 i'm just
getting them some milk ready which they
normally have upstairs city in my bed
having a cuddle and we'll do that and
then we'll start to make a bit of move
it's very frosty outside this morning
you want a mile from idea to take nine
yeah what have you got for breakfast
rampur yeah I love popping no Nina I
really like it but I have to try them
still I can hear you go down when I can
beat all of them at the same time where
are we going today ah that isn't exactly
where we're going is it cheeky monkey we
are going to ikea but it's not to buy
toys is it so i'm just chillin we'll
have to see how could you oh aight way
ok dad so we've just had a very nice
relaxed couple of hours have breakfast
I've been having a little right in my
new bullet journal which I'll tell you
about another day probably which is
going to transform my life when I can be
organized and we're doing some puzzles
we're gonna do what Harry a celebration
waiting a celebration my view there we
go so going to do some more puzzles and
then we're going to finish getting
dressed and go out we are almost ready
to go out I just need some mascara and
something my lips and George you ready I
got good yeah I am just putting in some
pork in the slow cook and it's going to
be pork carnitas which is like pulled
pork but then with some other kind of
mexican e spices and lime and i'll show
you what i'm doing what are you doing so
in here I've got a pork and then I've
got three cloves of garlic and two
onions and then I'm going to put some
cumin some Oregon I some chili powder
and some smoked paprika yeah and then
the juice of two limes in there this is
how all of that looks I've just rub for
seasoning into the meat and i added
loads of pepper and a little bit of salt
as well and i'm just gonna add a splash
of water and then going to put the lid
on and it's like just before 12 now
we'll probably have it about seven so
hopefully it will be all done and soft
and i'll show you later and we have just
arrived at ikea and the children are
literally beside themselves with
excitement yeah it was me a little bit
but they're more exciting what go to
ikea than they ever arm we go out on a
plan to organize day out so there you go
and I just said to them I'll be nicely
the wound around together and they're
absolutely desperate going to childcare
bit and go with the nice ladies not
mommy so I don't know what that says but
we'll see if it's open and sealants
we're gonna get us lunch first maybe
what are you gonna have for lunch I out
fish finger
I'm going for lunch what you have a
hurry sandwich and George's got a serm
which as well and i was very pleased to
see that in the boxes they've got
organic snacks we are yeah we bought
those we were organic no junk family
we're trying to be at very much yeah
from the bog so I've had a little of 45
minute walk around while they were in
the ball pit with the nice ladies and
she's probably almost all the God and
things like you've got in and abort
their it's an Bob's I needed to some
bars is that I said I get high chest my
friend cuz i was going and now we just
home little go on the play area
I can't see
well a basis in the cafe there was a
nursing area there's kids toilet like
proper toilet for kids this is play area
outside which is under covers you can
use even it raining there is free
childcare there's its food options a
really easy good it's a good place for a
day out idea with kids much as you
wouldn't think that that's my thoughts
of a day on motherhood take your kids to
like it yeah we just got back and just
going to check on my pork in the slow
cooker wall and got a parcel here which
I'm super-excited about which is some
skincare products I've ordered because
the fancy change of skincare so i
splashed out a bit and because there was
twenty percent off at look fantastic i
think it was and so i think that's
what's in here so i'm going to have a
little look inside now so i have got
this product we've seen people raised
about the rosehip facial oil and then
I've got the lms facial wash which i'm
also have those good things about and
then these two a day and night cream
which i'm going to try and then this
black head kind of Perfector things i'm
excited to try days i've got i've had
quite sensitive skin in the past so had
to be really careful i feel like it's
got a bit better so I'm quite excited to
try some different stuff as I normally
have to just use a venn product which
are fine but no other mad boring so
hopefully these going to be okay so i'm
going to try one at a time just to make
sure that nothing happens but yeah
really excited to try this almost got
pain all over my hands bigger
Simon is home early today gives away
last night and so the children of just
upstairs bouncing all over him while he
gets changed and sorted out i think and
i am just this chaos everywhere from or
a couple of hours doing puzzles and
stuff this is real mum life this is how
the house looks a lot of the time and I
think he's gonna just sit with them what
they have their dinner maybe put them to
bed so I can just catch up with emails
and stuff from today's try and keep on
top of it something out about tomorrow
as well and then we're a report tonight
which i think i'm going to do would sir
like a sweet potato wedges or something
but so i'm just getting dinner ready for
Simon and I these are sweet potato chips
which are just sweet potatoes that have
cut up and sprayed with fry light and
I'm going to put some Cajun spice on
those looks like those loads there but I
do cook down a lot I promise and then
here's the pork carnitas out with a slow
cook which have just shredded little bit
cut up into chunks and then I got to
finish those off under the grill and
when we may be ready to eat so you get
some like nice little crispy caramelized
bits as well this is our finished
carnitas and so it's got some lettuce
and then the sweet potato chips and then
the pork carnitas and then some avocado
and fat-free yogurt and liquid cheese on
top so if you're on slimming world that
is two and a half sins of avocado and
they're healthy extra cheese and
everything else is free there you go if
you like the video and you want more of
this kind of day in the life videos give
me a thumbs up let me know in the
comments I would love to know that is it
for the day we have eaten our dinner we
just get a watch a new episode of and
what tickle Oh personal better call soul
which is on netflix at the moment and
that's it really so i'll see you next
time bye
