hi everyone and welcome to another
weekly vlog today is Saturday one skein
and chose next Fuhrman really chilled
chilled day he was like 2 o'clock 3
o'clock now I was about to head out to
get some late lunch but this morning we
spent the day trying out with new face
master George has bought so I'll insert
all like both clips here
and I'll see you in a bit so everyone
must have seen the give me air clipping
everyone must have seen this black gear
that's been going around on them on
whatsit Instagram the stuff you put in
your face it's called a blackhead killer
I've been watching it quite a lot and
then treat to see whether it's going to
work and clicked it a couple of times
and I fought it in by it but to end up
on the dog any boy and I bought it so
yeah yeah I enjoy it
l suppose like peel out or you you're
blocked pause it looks pretty graphic so
let's see it works please
I lost my things ok this is the bit
where you speed it up on headlights
nd when you apply beer stuff like tar
can't leave it just comes in a shitty
ahh I came after you with the whole
Watts off by don't be shy like ah right
look at me I'll let you know if that
knows first Beauty do you know oh my god
pull my eyebrows up could it's thick in
it yeah like a 1/8 gonna be enough much
more bigger
I look good
I can meet it higher and now can we do
Bruns well convene a few laughs and
cries get the goods out then
five guys like a dog
Oh
we we thought enough chick so she's like
so what brothers right now hello it even
everyone we're just heading over to our
press all the beaches as over last
weekend it's beaches 30 SEC on Wednesday
at party tonight so it was a black dress
code because she wasn't color black so i
think is very surprised but she's going
to be only one dressed in color we're
wearing black and i don't really own
that much black which is by the way it's
a have fashions so farmers outfit to
cover wish i got a show in your book I
thought we could overcome waiting for
charging up he brushed his knee out and
then leaves me waiting
see I was getting on get some drinks and
do and then take around to half half
these are trying to elevate footage it
hey okay
you see all together
morning everybody today's Monday and
very similar to last week were bright
nervous very similar to last week
yesterday was a complete turn auto right
off Saturday night was so fun cause
célèbre and BT 30th and just like a
house party which might seem not really
sure how much footage I actually got
anywho you must have seen something so
yeah it was really really good party so
so much I do love a good house party but
you just get a bit too drunk Julia so
yesterday was like the longest hang of
my entire life it wasn't the worst
because I was kind of out coherent
fridges lobster films in bed all day
but yeah it was the longest when I'm
literally in command until 8:00 p.m.
which is ridiculous so one you come over
in history but German next and we're
back to daily grind and I'm shooting so
today I'm going to try and get about
three looks shot because basically this
month it's mental my sister comes home
from London like 11 days on Thursday
because it's her birthday and obviously
Easter and also my Nana's eighth year
this this month so it's just a really
really busy month for like celebrations
and stuff so I'm just trying to get
recently as much content shot so then
it's just like to now kind of thing so I
have to shoot too much throughout the
month so yeah that's we're going to be
today and kicking off a week on high
which is a excellent thank you all so
much for the love on my new lookbook
video by the way it
so Wow a buzzard I'm gonna be proud of
it Yeti their production team who filmed
it all and they're really tough with it
too so it's great to see that you guys
are really really enjoying it okay see
that's all we got report much in my
outfit out of the day now and and yeah
hello update you in due course
oh and this is the first help that we're
shooting today I've got this little
silicon flower blue blazer by Reese
quite beauty newbies t-shirt from mink
pink those are made in Massillon jeans
or talking about last week and then
heart socks and gingham people how cute
and then my father on sunglasses I think
I'm going to take my lower they pull
them back with me which is just over
there so that's look one for today on
the blog soon so we've shot one look
whoo and now it's heading up to second
one area so she stabbed me
oh good because I'm much better than
Megan we all know oh yay okay we do with
it
I've got a really fatty orange scale
stripes and utility junket one earrings
and I wear earrings good story bro I
think we're going to go to shoot in
Chinatown we never shot medical and it's
literally five minutes away from my
black so well road okay always bill
because I'm a weekly vlog now you get
used to it during my week more regular
than I hope I'd like the tram goes I go
you know munch of snap tram did you know
anything to get that shot oh yeah baby
so be nice get their cool right I mean
my happen what they were asked this hi
yeah we're looking for some backdrops
for a video and the log shot and I think
if both of them is really nice so that
neon orange norwich is our shot this
with our shop at cost right all those in
in the northern part and does not come
with with paper wearing how girl but
this for the ground flies the best for
look at how often so peaceful so wall
under the photobooth you're going to
change their filming have you sure do
one what color orange
Oh
with holy crap what did you get him
Oh
oh my god I love them
there's no originals oh my god I love
the Hey look what I didn't know why I
was doing it actually it's not that bad
at all is it oh my god I love that yeah
it even everybody so as you can see I'm
back home now and in my comfy so got my
panda pajamas on for Tommy Hilfiger
sweatshirt and yeah it's really a great
day filming shooting with Sophie today
with up some really amazing shots once
I'm so so excited to put them on the old
blog
George just made me some lovely you know
we had em spinach and ricotta pasta we
mascarpone sauce that was really lovely
who's going to out now it's on the last
seven o'clock but when a kiss after the
weekend and then yeah just feeling
really relaxed so we're going to watch
13 reasons why we started that last
night and I'm obsessed already
absolutely late so yoga knock that and
then broadchurch and then probably get
an early night so that's final because
last week I was around as a sign enough
every night and so yes I shall see you
in the morning good morning everyone I
hope you are doing very well indeed ta
ta stood there and the sun's gone into
such beautiful they're smaller than the
classic students are about to go out or
goes really gray and cloudy classic
so today I've got anything in Selfridges
with Tom floor which is very very
exciting indeed and it's my better than
be 2:30 today their actual birthday
which is so exciting on my books on my
new and so after work today I'm going to
go and take you for a few drinks and I
think myself and the boys the bus would
be as well we're going for some Thai
food because that's her favorite
favorite cuisine so we're going to go
get some dinner to celebrate her
birthday but first I've just been
countin my back to mark empties I mean
two new lipsticks so well there look at
all them this is very exciting to
clearly tell I'm a huge fan of the matte
liquid last eyeliners there how many one
two three five six of them and what are
these lipsticks velvet teddy
distance velvet teddy Bella teddy and
then another eyeliner
and of carousel absolute goes into gonna
pick two new lipsticks quick outfit of
the day for y'all got my pride of son
Ethan again my weekday ribs pink ones
latisha I'll think of a jacket those
muscle and jeans gained oops
it is definitely a wash now and then the
same shoes as always my Gucci Donald
Duck loafers and then they get to Dennis
is bad would go right yes it matches
perfectly
oh my god it's so awesome I come home
after mint meeting with Tom for a new
collection incredible choices on the
phone over there I'm a little quick to
the lunch from bagel mash got two bagels
and two samples so we're going to eat
downtown to know you
I got smoked salmon cream cheese avocado
and rocket it looks delicious
and George got salt beef with mushroom
Fitness some form of pickle on the very
very slutty indeed morning everybody
today's Wednesday a few meetings at the
grave office so that when I suppose
seeing those Lima girly and yeah I it
really it's a pretty early it's about
nine o'clock and I'm all ready to go
come in old Walter you didn't get
I actually think it Julian literally a
few minutes away from my class of
absolute dream sketchy so I seen it
good afternoon everybody I was promptly
updated I've not really done since this
morning so basically yesterday and I
went that with BT about a which is
lovely with a few drinks and then went
for so Japanese soothing of time and
that's like in summons Exeter and yeah I
just got a few regions with the green
green guys which been three lunge and
back in for more meetings now but really
great productive meetings and required
from all thought you and Logan use but
it feel very kurt cobain stroke night
and again Steve
Monning everybody and welcome as we
watch from the weekly blog we're still
in the same block hello good morning
today's Thursday a pretty earlier so
he's met half 9f9 in mornin I'm working
myself till I go and they were at the
center and I'm to actually pop shop
today which is an amazing like to
infiltrate the work is with my favorite
cashier and ever VI we're doing some
VIPs with their brand new store within
the traffic sensor it's a second place
after Linda not the street which is I
made Manchester so we're going to be
experiencing that new store they've got
the house policy on for the whole East
weekend which is a very exciting indeed
and I'm basically going to be covering
it on I guess this on Instagram is no
champ so why go are you
please God no big second-biggest when
after London and oh just the nail column
go far on oh yeah I'm a big outfit with
our family
BB
Canaries per day great I will talk about
asking be really really great seasoning
social stories little arrangements and
we are very psychic diploma and very
homogeneous smells like a peach and mint
I think each is Oliver which is live in
business which is other food in one
direction and it needs to happen
chicken skewers with couscous and black
bread from last by very jealous has been
fishing fun with Mario mentioning Google
suits may 8th year right now man so back
home now and I'm just lying in bed I had
such great kind of morning and afternoon
is 20 verse 3 now I'm just laying in bed
because Jonas I ever said it in a vlog I
don't think so because I've lost my
webcam about now but I think my phone a
few other videos and Instagram Twitter
and all that kind of caper but and I had
some like trauma to my back I think
about a month or two ago now
and so it's the chiropractor which I
know it some people really for summer
games and say she goes because yeah I
was blah but I really really liked it so
I went to see him twice and he really
sold me out
however a week later my ribs really
started to ache because I think they
were starting over
they were whilst my back was in so much
agony overcompensating and like holding
me up more because my back back without
action so I had some really bad rib pain
and then it kind of subsided and went
away and for some reasons they've come
back and absolute agony like can't laugh
and be with Sophia it's the most
annoying thing ever cause she's
hilarious
and we've just got exactly same sense of
humor so who's laughing laughing like
all day long and like literally me to
hold my rib really little I think it's
like the intercostal muscles or
something along those lines so I think
if anything to be worried about just
taking some and anti-inflammatories some
good on your offense hopefully I'll help
it a little bit but yeah just last all I
do is get home got myself a cost of
coffee or sofa did and I got my laptop
here so I'm just going to do some emails
writing editing and just literally sit
here for the rest afternoon which quite
nice because I never work from bed so
I'm into this
look how well Kevin the cheese ones
doing if you remember I got this
Christmas off mum and dad and thought
I'd kill it but he's driving I mean this
leaf is a little bit wonky but we 12 it
we twirling it now towards the Sun
people doing just swimmingly you're
completing our Mother Goose chef George
what's the team I left while my
unconscious spaghetti exact kids I love
mama in you love megsie I think so yes
she's got butter cheese Marmite bacon
olive oil more cheese oh my goodness
so while George is cooking up storm of
that I really wanted to talk to you
about 30 metres wide we finished it last
night at the start now Sunday oh my god
that was I loved it it was absolutely
awful like the last episode probably one
of the worst things I've ever ever
watched so so dark but such an important
message almost a strong message gave
George washers well I'm really enjoyed
if you haven't seen it's on Netflix I
was highly highly recommend watching it
it was incredible still I cried a lot so
just be warned have some tissues ready
concentration asleep hi shit nails shit
nails and you saw that one oh yeah this
is like comfort food and there is I hung
all the food business dinner with
freaking amazing like my like pancetta
and cheese over pasta winning
combination is up for the delicious like
a hug in a bowl and I needed to ask my
rabbit fruit at lunch so cheers George
but yeah I'm just going to run myself a
bath we're going to watch an episode of
dead mix fire because it's Thursday I'm
the lead episode it has been released so
yeah I'm just going to chill out but I
wish it was booking passport Netflix in
bed so really windows video another
twerking week but I hope you've enjoyed
it all the same and I shall see you in
my next video which will be on Sunday
it's a fashion styling video so make
sure you're around about fabia goodbye
