oh come on everybody it is a day in June
last night I fell asleep on the sofa I
woke up about 4:30 at night in the
morning sorry it was trying to get light
which was terrifying
emotional waddle into this bedroom and
I've woken up here how the hell did I
get here I just have I have no idea how
it happened but it has happened
plan for today and as you know I have no
plans today but I'm gonna vlog it and
see what we get to UM but first I need
breakfast I always say this but whatever
this is obviously a room where I film my
videos but this was look this must seem
so dodgy to to anyone who stays in this
in this bedroom they must get in bed see
the camera on the lights in the tripod I
just think Joe like always going on what
what what what do you do for a job I
don't get it right
yeah bed son oh oh oh I didn't really
work okay so I managed to get from the
bed to the floor we're making progress
although I have to smash my ass on my
bedside table
oh where I've kind of like forgotten how
to vlog because I've just been for a gym
session I didn't actually record any of
it which is unusual which you probably
shouldn't do anywhere I kind of it weird
if ice I think a bit weird if I start
film myself in the gym because then you
find out how I get so big ah I'm having
a bit of a like catch-22 with the gym at
the moment because I love going and I
want to like push myself and work harder
with every sort of trip I go to the gym
but there's something that's sort of
stopping me from doing that and
something that's like limiting me to
giving it giving it a hundred percent
and that is my wrist the wrist is
actually holding the camera right now
not the wrist but my hand has attached
to my wrist that's holding the cam right
now um fun little story back in 2010 I
went on I went on a lads holiday to
Zante in Greece and you know there's
like machines you can get where you you
punch boxing thing
it's like a boxing bag thing you punch
and you get a score of how hard you hit
it I was read Runk surprised surprised
shocked and I hit it but I hit it
completely wrong because I was drunk but
in all I was doing
I swung for it kind of missed it and
kind of hit the metal bit behind but hit
it very awkwardly and I am now pretty
sure I broke my wrist
so if you watched my most recent main
Channel video eyes and a broken no bones
my body I mean it's not confirmed but I
am now quite sure that I have actually
broken a bone I think I think I've
broken my wrist well I think I broke it
back in the day at the time it really
hurt and if you're drunk and something
hurts then you know it's going to hurt
twice as much when you're sober if that
make sense and I was like oh that didn't
feel right that I heard a crack and that
feels like it really hurts next morning
I couldn't move it so I could not move
it like a single bit and it was swollen
as hell but we booked a speedboat out
for the day I went on a holiday was 13
of us in total 13 young rowdy boys on a
speedboat in the middle of the this the
I want to say our G&C I don't know one
of the seas we all jumped off the boat
because we saw an ice-cream boat
floating nearby and I just had to jump
off as well forgetting that my risk was
in a really bad way and I've been
complaining about it well I hadn't been
complaining about it but I've been
worried about it all morning jumped in
the water and then realized that I
couldn't swim I couldn't use my right
hand to swim so I was trying to swim
like frog leg and one arm and I was kind
of thinking so I'm at get the ladder in
time I had to try and pull myself up
using just one hand
but when mates find it hilarious and
start to keep pushing back into the sea
I was a little scared not gonna hide but
I made it back with the boat and after
that had I still have one of the best
days of my life they get me wrong it
wasn't was one of the best days of my
life why my taint a story again oh yeah
because um recently it's been hurting a
lot again like really painful like only
if I bend it a certain way every now and
then it's like seizes up it's always
like around this time of year which is
when funny enough when I went to Zante a
yearly thing it's almost like a reminder
of like Joe remembered remember like six
years ago and you broke your
wrists yeah I remember it because I can
still freaking feel it so I might try
and book an appointment with the doctors
and get it just get it seen to in a sort
of light as a peace of mind to know if I
actually break it or not cuz I think I
think I did break it but I've let
natural e heal and obviously it's healed
in the wrong way so you might need like
Reeb raking and then properly like
plastered up and then they make it here
in the right way but it might be too
late to do that I don't know but either
way I've had a bad wrist ever since and
it just clicked if I got that this the
wrong way it's the other risk by the way
and if I do that it clicks all the time
is like and it's just it's not good but
anyway it affects me in the gym because
I can't lift heavy weights if there's
certain like exercise that I do which
involves you to have good wrist wrist
strength and I used to have really good
wrist strength not for the reasons
you're probably thinking of it was from
my old job but uh yeah and now it just
seems that is hurting a lot more
recently so I might have to go and get
it checked out let me know if you broken
your wrist in the Khans below and tell
me uh or let me know if you've had to
have it read broken to make it heal
properly let me know if you had anything
like that before and tell me how it went
because I'm a little bit nervous I'm not
gonna lie anyway breakfast time
oh I'm officially the worst human being
ever I haven't actually done anything I
have done stuff but I haven't I haven't
had a shower since the gym I haven't
actually done anything since gym why I
have done Zankou the gym I'm so confused
basically I've come back in and I am
working on this week's a Sunday special
this is a very very special video this
Sunday you could even say a little
announcement I've been editing it since
I got back from the gym and it's
currently I think 4 p.m. so basically 5
hours I've been working on and off on it
and working on other things as well and
so I just complete got to shower or do
anything or feed myself I've got a scent
like a bag the other day full of like
lore'l shower gels and stuff like a rock
sack full of it and like things to use
in the gym and there's something in
there that I'm going to go in attack
right now but before I do that I want to
show you this look these the two
canvases but
got they're going to go between these
lights and between this lives so quite a
while ago I said I was gonna get back
into doing art cuz I still didn't
already I did art GCSE and a-level
and I loved it so I want to get back
into it as a little hobby and so I've
got my canvases now and I just need to
know what to do I know what gonna do one
of them I'm gonna get like lots of old
I've grown up as well I love the Beano
and a dandy so you can get lots of
somewhere back home I've got a load of
old Beano and dandy comics and I'm gonna
turn all up tea-stained them and stick
them and paste them to the canvas so
they cover it all in old tea stained be
no pages and stuff so that's thing the
background of it and then I was really
into a stencils and at the whole Banksy
thing so I'm going to get like a big
stencil cut out I don't know what of
yeah and in stencil and spray onto it
and then put like thick impasto acrylic
paint all over as well and just make it
quite 3d and texturized so that's going
between you guys and this one I have no
idea so you've got any ideas that you
want
maybe I just just do like I want to do
just set up a sharpie to the top left
corner and it's let anyone that comes
around just draw whatever they want on
it
like lots different color sharpies and
then everyone comes around can sign it
or draw a picture on it and the point
where is so full anything is a hum
humming friends and that's a big old
that's a big old canvas doesn't take
quite a while but anyway this is what
was in the rucksack from l'or√©al it's a
bounce energy ball peanut protein that's
I would say peanut protein blast there
you go achoo mix of peanuts and wing
protein you know we do through the gym
you got any good protein also dad if you
watch this vlog please turn away now and
don't watch this next bit okay because
I'm gonna mention something that's for
you so don't don't watch this bit I get
asked this quite a lot Joe what do you
smell like that's on very weird people
that neatly sometimes say that I smell
really nice like meet and greets and
stuff and this is what I wear it's
Victor Rolf and I think I mentioned in a
Q&A one source I mentioned on Twitter
actually adds and someone asked me what
what spray I use I use Viktor and Rolf
spice-bomb since then they saw it and
now they've already sent me another one
of these fragrances but they've also
sent me this a Victor AMA spiced born
barber shop
non-family shaving cream they also sent
me the natural spray which I really want
are things I can't really you I am only
just dying to shave absolutely
embarrassing I'm 24 I'm only just
started shave so I've been putting that
to one side and the other thing they
gave me was this which is a nourishing
pre a nourishing nourishing pre-shave
oil so what I'm going to do I think I'm
gonna wrap these up and give them I kind
of really want this though because I
love the spray but I've already got one
so I'm gonna give this to my dad as you
may wanna know Father's Day is
approaching us Father's Day is on Sunday
hopefully you're not thinking oh but
you're just gonna give a present that
you got for free uh so but if he wears
the thought roller it kind of is
to be fair yeah okay I am a rubbish son
but I also think that it's a kind of
thing that I would give my dad anyway
for Father's Day like you can't go wrong
with smelly stuff and stuff for personal
hygiene it's a win-win it's kind of
saying you stink
slit yourself out I love you you know it
takes all three boxes I'm not I'm not
gonna lie to you
it looks a little bit like a nutty poo
sorry if you're eating while watching
this but it doesn't taste too bad it's
quite a nice taste so I'm supposed to
start a new thing in my vlogs um back
back in the day I you see the paper
every single day and there's always
stories in the paper but most let's be
honest most of paper is like doom and
gloom and so I've decided that maybe
some days I will maybe sometime I will
touch on like serious subjects in the
paper but I forget for the paper and
read out some of the funny stories that
have made the news and then share with
you guys because what if I get is that a
lot of you're watching me from all on
the world so things that have in the UK
that weren't necessarily make the news
where you are watching you may do live
but I just want to find some funny
stories and read them out to you so I've
got my paper I'm going to take what
paper could you put a laugh at me okay I
found a story dog bite on penis what way
to start what we start is little
segments of my vlogs a family dog
chomped on a delivery man's will
as he dropped off parcels a court heard
thing is this is why I'm scared of dogs
but this is why I've always grown up
scared of dogs because you get some dogs
out there actually let me have a look
for a bit I bet you I could tell you
what's or breed is Daniel died said the
Rottweiler slash German Shepherd cross
okay that's that's different the dog out
there I heard a story this might be a
myth alright and it's put a lot of other
that owners dogs Staffordshire Bull
Terriers a quite a controversial breed
in the news because there's been a lot
of them there aren't trained properly
that have been on to bite children and
people but I heard us a story he I know
if it's true or not but I heard a rumor
that Wednesday bite down something the
only way from to actually release their
jaw is by sticking your thumb up there
at their bumhole
I don't know if that's true I don't
think it is true but there's only one
way to find out and I don't really want
to do that myself
this guy was delivering parcels on a dog
him out nowhere and bit him right on the
the willy and is to go okay the animals
owner blow out control okay they admit
to an owl control dog don't get a dog
unless you're intending on training it
and looking after it and giving it like
giving it the attention it needs and
making sure that you can actually look
after the pet always just don't do it
that's why have a dog because I know
about a dog I wouldn't look after if I
well because I'm always away and I'm you
know look at me I kind of got a dog may
one day
well Sui have here as a dad trying to
sue Google good luck a pig has escaped
from it from a truck on the m48 seven
crossing ham was cooked finally caught
by police off a two hour pursuit at 8:20
p.m. am sorry am a two hour pursuit for
a pig was jumped out back of a lorry
there's gotta be a funny pun I can use
this right now so it's do pertains to
pig related and escaped escaping the
great escape the great s baked and the
greatest bacon okay I leave there if you
can think of a funnier a headline for
that news story let me know in the
constable Oh a jackets been invented
that gives the office workers a massage
it was they getting stressed you know so
you have this jacket
right then you press a button to think
alarm nobody stress my backside I heard
a desk all day press a little button and
boom you're getting a massage
I like the idea alright why have I might
have this not Dragons Den yet and so
that's it for the news of today like a
news report stay tuned and we're bluntly
reporting more news when it comes in all
best cheers I am okay it's bit later on
now again I'm very very confused
I went shopping to get some food and I
bought two sponge puddings for pudding
obviously I'm cooking some broccoli
brussel sprouts some green beans and
some chicken for my dinner and I asked
you in the door I saw I had this fun I
had the two sponges I definitely have
the sponges but I have no idea where I
put them unless they're actually in his
fridge I have no idea where I put them I
have lost I think I've lost the plot
Who am I doing with my life
great so we oh where are the sponges
come on you must know right Padma dinner
and I found the puddings guess what they
were under the stairs of all places
under the stairs classic your classic
Joe sugg that is right again there and
stay there right it is bedtime for mr.
sug I now have handles on this these
bedside drawers my dad did that for me
when he came up whilst I was in Belfast
er thank you Dad I appreciate it a lot I
didn't want to do it apparently there's
a chance you can split this if you drill
straight through and I was like I don't
want that kind of pressure
dad you do it so they might ask my dad
knows that he's a drill used to be a
carpenter so I'm gonna call it a night I
hope you enjoyed the vlog you did get
big thumbs up and subscribe if you
haven't already see you soon I'm not a
blogger bye
