okay the question is are you ready to go
flash are you ready to go outside Cora
mommy are you rich she actually is
scared I'm sorry baby I'm so sorry
welcome to the vlog guys our house
absolutely baby boo boo boo but flashes
blogs hooks look at that that's like
something you see on top of a pumpkin
during trick-or-treat that's not yours
hey yes not jars okay officially welcome
to the vlog I didn't charge my camera
again so I'm gonna take it with me and
try to get some juice and listening why
do I keep doing that cane you know what
maybe you should be in charge of charge
in the camera so then daddy doesn't have
to worry about it that's an easy job
right you feed the cat and water the
gogit flash we were headed out we got
our house is like our house usually is
pretty kept up but it's it's destroyed
it reminds me of this song what can I
have it
uh yeah mine's me of a song my dad wrote
when I was growing up and it went like
this the house is a mess in the dishes
aren't done but hey we're having fun
boom
all right omni's yellow force we got to
go okay when your mom starts yelling
it's time to go you know that's like
serious business right there hey you
ready you ready to rock a little
applesauce boy Cora you ready she need
okay all right here's a fun fact last
night I think we left this back door
open the entire night did we can we
confirm that cuz when I came out this
morning my camera is just completely
shut off on its own during that clip we
left we the left the back door open or
don't you're flush they've been partying
here all night you know so we're going
to Brittany's sisters and then we're
going to like your mom's camp Hey look
at this kid you guys won picked this kid
up little hitchhiker boy might need a
place to hang out today yo up in piggy
piggy must yo
you wanna hop in let's go for a run you
like to party yeah I for one know that
you don't like the party
welcome to the car buckle up keep all
hands and feet inside the vehicles till
we've reached our destination the movie
on the flight will be Cora she looks
like she's three miles back here car
gain oh you're gonna regret that one
there's a guy you'll pick him up you
guys want to pick him up no you sure he
probably likes the party okay
so officially we're out of the house
we've got no yet the whole crew oh I can
imagine someone that's never watched our
vlogs where like they literally just
pick it up on the road
nobody's ever watched I've always first
of all look how dark this is okay there
we go
we're headed over Britney sisters right
now chase this house oh my gosh stuff
angel echo what's up guys what's up girl
she's chewing on our hands hot baby my
little princess I want to watch like a
tutorial on how the proper way to carry
a car seat is because I've seen all
these different methods like under arm
over arm in or in or out or there's all
kinds like talk man it's like dad talk
I've been here carrying these things
whoo hey brick can you carry anything
else you guys even put your saddle on
well it's about impossible to tell in
the blood cam but we left the back door
open all night all night that back doors
open all the way through today that's
greatly that time miles that's cool we
did it it's our fault wait who's this
guy who's this guy going to who is this
guy
I'm kidding it's our security hey hey um
mostly gonna say hey mama where you been
everybody's been asking about mama
where's mama mamas not in the vlogs
where she been
you just been home home is where you
make it
bread have you ate it all I've eaten a
lot of it mama makes me homemade bread
like pumpkin and banana and that's the
best mom I swear you're buying that
somewhere and you're bringing it over
because it's so good
whoa buff guy fuck bagwell buff no well
pumpkin what do you girls working on
geez I miss your eyes whoa just legit
wipe down here you are this one dripped
tokyo drift King
get it drift King I'm gonna build you
guys a water bottle track you must drift
through the cones you gotta go in
between hi there it is there it is four
bottles drift it drift Tokyo oh how do I
miss that
you're crazy Oh oh my gosh I'm the
filner slash referee
okay so chase and I are talking about
doing a big live stream tomorrow we want
to play games and I was like why don't
we game it so on my live dot me account
I'm gonna live stream video it's the
first ever that I've streamed video
games really cool that you can even do
that now say think we're gonna do
battlegrounds let's not decide yet but I
think it's gonna be battlegrounds
because we can play together let them
decide well multiply the time this vlog
goes up I'll be going live so they won't
be able to decide but brah twitter
twitter hate Twitter what game should we
play tomorrow in the livestream boom
it's October what if we play a scary
game I'm just gonna rig it it's always
gonna be battleground but I'm gonna be a
horrible live-streaming battlegrounds
because I'm so concentrated I'm so into
it I'm I'm listening I'm hearing I'm
looking at I peek around corners even
though it doesn't mean no good but
physically so I will post in the
description this video when we're going
live and as you're watching this will
probably go on live about the time this
goes up so check us out link in the
description go Guinea Wow makeup
complete they're going to some kind of
what do you want to it's a masquerade
ball murder mystery so you guys are
gonna be part of this crazy murder
mystery Ben burgundy I'm a play house
director select it's fitting right I'm a
director love it love it okay we're on
the move again we picked up one we
picked up another hiker Liza you ready
to party this is the party car
alright this is where we going party
she's British
I'm also British driving so hang in
there hang on
boom
Quorra all right boys girls we're here
you all you have to do is one thing
have fun it's a kind awesome German
Shepherd everywhere I go you were gonna
take a walk with Daddy cry if you don't
want to I think we're good
it's mission time don't don't
I never seen a bunch of kids get so
excited about things that burn really
easily yes probably is both your mom and
dad aren't here tonight
uncle Romans the boss all right whatever
I say goes
so let's burn some stuff teamwork makes
the dream work yeah pull it together
boys come on there you go that's it that
that's it I know I know it's bad idea
right come on Liza what a monster well
we better go this way come on
there you go Noah's got it oh boy it's
not my not my idea is not my idea
everybody get back get some marshmallows
we need hot dogs all right so you know
we're out here in the woods kids are
pretty much do whatever we want back
here you know
we don't do play some games on our
phones in all seriousness you just went
through this like the horn vine rip
holes in my shoe hit him I'll give you
two points run him over two points two
points nothing all right
this thing's all beefed out like mug
tires and then you got this like micro
steering wheel is so tiny are you are
you really this golf cart you've had it
that long okay baby it's starting to get
dark and the trails are getting thinner
I think we made a wrong turn back there
the sparks I've seen this on TV shows
hit the pawn babe you won't do it you
won't do it hit the pawn man four points
four points we hit it all right hop on
skin we're not even playing the point
game right now I just be here holding
that graham cracker for you guys when
you get back
Bible out here they shoulda ate it my
I'm shot way to go lies a break it in
girl we've just we've got the whole crew
chase Veronica out tonight so we got all
the kids
Liza Colin Carson Kane Noah
Cora Nana you run on the roof a great
night we did s'mores campfire everything
so we're headed home gonna scream my
little girl don't screw you :
it's not a seat soldier I'm gonna need
you in a seat welcome to the zoo zoo
kids welcome to the zoo they don't even
care they know you're not gonna hit them
they trust you two points right there
hey my picture I got donkey in the
camera hi baby
here's my girl you ready get out of
there ah you ready to get out
all right guys that is gonna be our vlog
for today the rest tonight it's gonna be
wrangling all the kids up they've got
bats to hit showers and
time's video games we're gonna play some
video you built that yeah you use some
type of super jeez are you super genius
are you sure
Cory you gotta get bigger so we can
build both together gleizes building
boats over here so what we gonna do
we're gonna build boats we love you guys
so much thanks for hanging out with us
nice family day today with everybody was
just perfect I love you guys thanks for
everything
receiver and live dot me and just appeal
I'm gonna be live streaming and
snapchatting and I'm trying to do it all
right now so I love you you're beautiful
you're one of a kind smile more
I say it's mom or just real quick just
just say it
coming soon
you
