well this isn't over um what we don't
stay big
Joon GI tract no no come on babe you
like it read you my stuff if I don't
know how you ensure you info okay angels
welcome back to another video today I
have a special guest my bf yeah I'm here
to take over the camera today we've got
an exciting day haven't we go today is
what's three days for me then four days
four days four days three days if you
don't can't stay in the day we move in
but four days four days it's now Monday
moving Friday
I am literally so excited I thought this
is such a big thing in our lives
don't you think this is a Mirabai Oleg I
actually can they see a my whole view
and back see stuff but now I see it's a
flat we basically got loads of punch
we've got 17 actually 40 80 80 80
percent of the stuff rough like now can
you really did me over with that camera
angle that Denis be you've done me over
now though look at like it on my face
come on
oh yeah and cut me off huh this is what
the people want to see this half let's
just get the main stash so I have the
shape I can show a little bit
do you kidding me con just I am the guy
okay
50/50 oh so yeah we've got loads of the
furniture already am i keeping it all in
a big room at my mum's because my mum
only lives about 10 minutes away from on
your apartment is so great because
hopefully means that you guys might be
able to meet it up with more of my
family and these new videos the dogs and
the dogs oh my god I the row stars the
show on the I mean yeah we're nothing
compared to them but we got a go we're
running late yeah we are running late
basically what this video is gonna be
like an empty apartment tall kind of
thing because I'm Friday we're just
gonna be straight moving a little it's
you eight o'clock we get the key to
moving in and then I'm just assembling
everything because everything is from
Ikea no so flat packed and I'm offered
to help you but you don't like me you
can supervise just past me you just pass
me I'll be like Ellie pass me those
screw okay you screw em I make fake and
you make few as we go okay so that's
gonna be the video guys get
thumbs are pretty excited to see our new
plays and we'll see you in the empty
apartment okay
Cole I'm about to do the tour now so you
walk in through the door you've got this
lovely big hallway don't know how much
of a good job I'm actually gonna be
doing showing you the hallway but yeah
so you walk in there's two little stars
that go down and then that is through to
the kitchen living room but first this
is gonna be studio we're gonna have a
little desk over here I mean you guys
are gonna see like yeah and then all the
rest of the room is gonna be fur yours
truly
our wardrobe thing here I'm gonna have
my dressing table somewhere like here
and there is gonna grow that it's just
gonna be a really cool room right
ceilings are so big like they're just
huge I love the beams they're gonna get
some blinds to put on those windows go
on Khan go on so yeah that's the studio
room it's gonna be like a sofa bed thing
to put in there as well and then you
come out to this room so this is the
kitchen and the living room this is
probably the thing that like sold us
right boo like you guys know we love our
kitchens we just think yeah like this is
gonna be where I spend the whole time
what more do you want
lovely oven I love the hob I love that
this is questionable yeah like this is
the one thing about the whole place that
we weren't too sure on because it's red
oh go on but um yeah so this week before
we move in though I'm always gonna come
and just like send on the wood but yeah
that's the kitchen area which we just
completely love again
nice big ceilings like it just feels so
light spacious Airy I'm just so excited
you racquet con has been an interior
designer over there and then this is the
main bathroom it obviously looks really
empty out
moment because we need to like move all
of our stuff in but it's a shower bath
again it's got one of the amazing
windows at the top really high ceilings
I love all the doors and here that's the
main bathroom come over to this this is
the like what's this called corn this
little cupboard cool utility consider
two cupboard oh thanks content the light
on they go guys
I still eat yeah yeah yeah oh my god
call me just so excited because I am
then that's what it looks like from over
here and then this is gonna be our
bedroom so you walk in really nice big
open bedroom
we've got ensuite in here and then this
is actually quite big honestly it
doesn't look like it from the outside
but it's got the shower sink toilet here
and then there's a little gap bad which
we're going to put like toilet rolls
yeah like all the storage bits for the
bathroom we're going to put that so I'm
just literally so excited to move in
like it's so amazing to see all empty I
can't believe it guys like alright this
is gonna be my new home on your own okay
so after view in our apartment we come
to be an AM con how many times we've
been to be an M in the last week
literally vnm is our fave place
okay guys I just got to my mom's house
and this is the room I by keeping
everything literally all of this stuff
is for me I cannot wait to show you guys
what we've got honestly that's my mirror
some more mirrors loads and loads and
loads of stuff this is my piano which I
love so much fun fact I play up to grade
five piano my nice throw hangers this
gets Bob's fake flowers obviously guys
comic pop can you do me a huge favor
please
what's move all of this stuff all the
way so I can lie down look at that cool
hair now I'm not taking the met con guys
this is how I want contacted a like this
was the whole no don't put the hat on go
on don't put her on this is how I want
it to be like this is why we're growing
it and you've got to have it longer than
that on you but like cool perfect love
on it names don't we boo boo boo boo so
I would say over the last like week or
two it's been a gradual thing like
getting all that furniture and stuff we
did one big IKEA haul like a week and a
half ago and that's when we got most of
the stuff and then I've just been
gradually like packing up all the stuff
in this bedroom putting it in my car and
then driving it to my mum's and putting
it in that big room oh hi reflection Oh
although this room currently looks like
we haven't actually done March if you
open up okay that drawer is my pajamas
so obviously it's very full like if you
look in the drawers and stuff we've been
getting rid of things why does it not
look like any of my drawers are empty
because they totally are they go
wardrobe is also very empty we're just
gonna take this unit with us that TV I'm
taking him with me as well and that's
kind of it I might actually sort this
out now whoa oh and the painting and the
New York painting that kind of got me
I know a collage for my birthday Kong
taking it with us
so BAE has just cooked me a lovely
actually my favorite mill at the moment
isn't a boo kale crisps literally a heap
of kale Chris that was the rest of my
bag of coke a potato with some lactose
free cheese and sunflower oil on top and
then some of this BBQ chicken cooked in
coconut oil but that's a big but a big
part because this is like good and
Michael broke my mouth and probably
break nice use of makeup that night
thanks Widow how many salad cream and
imo salad cream literally is this meal
yes I agree I was actually just like are
you actually joking me just think meals
like this are just so dry without son of
cream I mean am i right or am i right
by the way I look like a seven-year-old
now because I'm in my life footprints
nothing gallon on my booty in the beasts
pajamas upon okay I did put a tiny
little bit of free from pesto there like
give it a little bit of sauce but
ketchup won't go with this meal and
that's like the only source we had it
won't go with this meal horn or this
jacket potato okay meals finished I mean
as you can see I ate it but definitely
bad fashion oh why does my camera speak
doing that I think wasn't the best
version of that only because you cooked
it my love yes turn out time John did
night corner we couldn't do any more
house shopping online the things we're
doing for the next two days so today's
been Monday we did the empty apartment
tall foods and Wednesday like blanks the
moment Thursday we're going to Mikey
airfryer way moving in so what we doing
oh yeah so Frank you've got nice lip
here put it asked your Nazi friends who
could they be yes very good in you're
good at hint right now my brain is just
so full of like thinking about all the
things that we still have to get for the
apartment I'll be fair it's all like
really boring stuff now isn't it been
ironing board who
adult things better actually isn't being
lived until Saturday now but we moving
on Friday and we're determined like stay
there on the Friday night only because
that's our big night something day
friends only day though I was thinking
safe corn you can sleep on the floor
we'll get you an hour back cuddle on the
sofa on a sofa that won't fit two people
to lie down and sleep well thing is a
corner safety you guys see one side I
see the other side
I didn't want me seeing the safe with
you I just like my space at night don't
i or do I not do you not think I like my
space at night why not true true
I'm a hashtag need a girlfriend maybe
I'll be a fun blog anyway
goodbye household you haven't put a ring
on it babe it's Darby Hansen Arby's
Darby Darby Swift yeah camping out in
the movie Martha things give me quite
quite flat Khan give me a high five oh
did you forget I'm ago a tiny little
angel princess oh girl ativ Olivia I
think that's gonna end this vlog guys
first I wants the main part of this
video to be you know I really hope you
guys enjoyed this video this was moving
vlog number one this is actually gonna
be the start of the vlog boo because
it's the empty apartment new series
moving move in series I hope you guys
enjoyed this video give it a thumbs up
if you're excited for the rest of the
series let me know if there's any sort
of like you know why hacks or anything
you want me to try because they're
happily well know the world's our oyster
in our little apartment in nakhon yeah
do some boy hacks as well so your fart
guitar that I'm sure boyfriend's okay
what are these boy hacks gonna be then
you don't even know what boy hack is
what is it boy hack guessing that you
meant to your self that's not gonna
happen
sorry boy yeah I love you guys so much
and I'll see you in moving vlog number
two which is probably gonna be this
weekend because we're moving on Friday
so maybe I can edit it on Friday night
I'm having a slumber party
