well hello everybody and welcome back to
my vlog my channel I'm here to stay I
mean I'm leaving gone today very simple
I'm going to my keys now to film a video
for my channel and his channel and then
going on book launch I only have another
book out well fuck my books hmm I don't
have a go-to solution so going to Ollie
book launches the all-star lane just
like a really cool place and I'm
actually very excited because as you saw
in my last vlog I'm really bad bowling
so oh by the way - born in place I'm
really bad at bowling so I'm going to
try and redeem myself by instead of
losing to a nine year old beating some
20-something year olds all he's younger
than me actually I'm going to stop
wasting time by the way how come is my
flat cheese Jen you are good I had a
cleaner yeah I'm gonna head to my keys
now we're going to film some videos
it'll be great come I don't see that
fucking little prick you know you
dressed for warmer weather than actually
is
happening right now bit of a brewery
it's not cold by any means it's just not
the warm it's got a bit of a wind to it
as well done quite by the river so it's
probably why I'm see anyway just walking
to my keys now
Connor should be there for my keys video
he's doing and matter what's in your
mouth challenge so I've got going to
pick out five foods I can survive who I
contrary a sentence together say that's
fun I'll go and pick five food items for
him his video which should be fun I'm a
big most horrible things I can find in
the show they can be absolutely ranked
but we are in a bit of a rush to film
then we've got to go to all these things
but before that I think all the boys
should be dead but don't tell it's
always gonna be I think Catherine just
ago me and Mikey are anyway somewhere
early will support you if you guys
haven't already check out all you but so
just finished filming my video
it was featuring Colonel Ames it has
must be Kiki here is their guy so why is
all these burgers on the floor is
important what bring your ultimate yeah
I'll see you a photo when my childhood
pulled a hammie shit I'm like oh it's
quite good toiletries out of it now is
what it doesn't return you my Booker
right now I gave him his address so yo
decision with my being gone
yeah now I've been one for Mikey yeah
yeah cool
seriously no my ue haunted by by is
actually gone yeah cool yeah time to
film my kids video what usually we're
running a bit much about my house no
without fucking wonky this is my phone's
ringing who is it oh my golly spoons Joe
Joe what do you want
hello hey there
alright Joe you're trying to sell me
some insurance I tried both of you
actually
so Mikey was just drastically pacing
about trying to find his SD card to the
camera
well this is it it was it was inside the
camera the whole time what a moron but
that makes me one of those Ryan where's
mine
you lying son I put it in my wallet how
I got the blindfold but other way you
got mugged me oh my god you have to be
blind for not doing a challenge to us
food
you got you got this bag of salt so on a
spoon yes yes see how actually frigid
three so just finished filming my keys
video it got bloody messy while he did I
didn't I'm right I wrote quite lucky now
we're going to pick up Joe
and then yeah we're going on Ali's thing
we're a little bit late but okay what
else you expect when you plan to do
anything ever
well I wanted me it is good yeah
this is my fucking clothes I mean to
leave
so right out of the concierge we're in
the car now on the way to Ali's book
launch he picked up Joe he's got a
haircut
please lock in splash she's looking fine
wait with the back of my hand you can
see by John Cena
you know I've also I had sunglasses on
by taking about my key because I think
my day them by doesn't most because it
was too dark I can't see anymore
oh I don't know what we're having a
debate whether already a debate we're
just hoping that all he has food at this
thing because I didn't eat the forks I
presume that there will be food there
but Mike is saying they're not and now
he's saying them I'm saying any burgers
whose there's not food it's not
propriety which getting five guys
afterwards I'm at Mikey's treat I really
like five guys all so much do you think
you're doing so you made it fun Blair
focus all kinds of arrows
mistress cool so it made it all this
thing look at all these bowling of those
famous people
well so are we on this ball pink sari
nope sounds like I've gone 1300 if only
thing have all in place very minimal or
mostly blue before where dolly would be
my pain with elder boy here there's a
lot of room here
they was incredible to step Generation
Xers be on purpose
55,000 copies sold in hardback every 16
take four years you will awaken George I
want a personal thank you ollie German
orphan girls coming saying that your
quality condiments on their windows web
Dowling's con Julia I'm marina fat
direct elections bogging bowlers same
time
James we think I can blog involves the
same time and these cases are you ready
here we go
screeches you might get beaten by
another nine-year-old oh I have to do
one look at you look at him you only got
one shot one opportunity and then my
plate and it might display oh yeah Mikey
why do you want to be both of your plate
on the first day
feed a geek Penn school you're in doing
one know if you might choke it I don't
want to be responsible for your death
game oh my god II come from throw and go
pray that me anymore oh my god a minute
wait does increase Oh dice give it up is
because they're super fun too so boys
obviously we've all read generation
takeover by now what war are thought
yeah what your thought I was the front
cover the three feel like a nice
everything saying let's bow on their
drop shadow so Ellen it all right oh
they're all Josh yeah I'm on snapchat
good to go Madeira fun of Facebook may
think you know why not real
and we're going to come on out you all
might dig it dig it
sergeant game game Josh okay put him in
the corner
get him in the corner I feel bad I'm
encouraging like a penalty same digging
one somehow I've been roped kid I say
somehow Oh what happens I've been roped
into going to a bar slash casino with
maja and fucking everyone because my
phone said and I have no way of going
home yeah so now I had I have to go
revenge I look like a girl
have you got a phone charger save all
games on it Romina PI in fact there's no
music have you got phones are just
really not easy so there we go
probably focus on this cameras breaking
where are we well there we go that at
the end of the night for me I'm going to
go home now I think I've got to voice I
have to be up early or Joe get in the
middle and I'm getting out um yeah she
disguise Nick are you guys squeezed up
heavy put gold medal then my role models
don't let all models long with old
school snow and cold
