skateboarding's
from LA guys the lighting here is still
crazy my camera does not like the lights
I thought we'd do a quick outs of the
day I'm literally about to run out the
door to breakfast I'm a little bit late
but I'm wearing my All Saints starry
shirt with my Victoria Secret like
longline bandeau underneath it this belt
is from Topshop and the skirt is from
Topshop I don't feel like I don't know
why I feel the need to say Topshop
whenever I say Topshop but just habit
lover and then my boot I'm not sure if
you go with this outfit they also from
Topshop I kind of like it and I kind of
don't like I'm not feeling my legs that
much at the moment like they're a little
bit pasty I just faked and uh-huh but
yeah what do you guys think do they go
to they not go to like the outfit cheap
I feel like I need some kind of clean
black boots but only ones I have are
these one or actually have two pairs
these ones are too much you match you in
my belt and then these ones are really
narrow at the ankle so they kind of like
curl for your legs a little bit I'm
going to go through these for the time
being anyway having some breakfast with
the girls
good morning everybody sorry Jay eating
the bagel I got a egg white omelette and
some egg whites everything is like all
breakfast in America come with potatoes
not complaining it gives a good thing
they were complaining and all the coffee
we over the whole of all of this is mine
the whole thing with all the caffeine
so we just walked down to Robertson
Boulevard and we're heading for lunch
I feel like this vlog is going to be all
eating it's like breakfast and then
lunch in like two hours long walk
yeah a whole half an hour and we've
lowered a me though she's gone for shoot
so we are one woman down which is sad
times we miss you to everyone to come
back yeah so beautiful day surprise
surprise in LA taking pictures of the
Kiehl's door perfect yeah and we're
heading into the Ivy which is here break
you lunch has arrived
Anna and I both got the soft-shell crab
which actually looks amazing and my
favorite thing about the idea -
beautiful flowers I would tell them I'm
with you I know LA guys I just had my
first kombucha which was surprisingly
not that weird
like algae tastes like fizzy lemonade II
stuff but I enjoyed it and it's the cup
is from Alfred okay and it has freakin
Power Rangers on it throwback I would
sester the pink Power Ranger
Kimberly all the way we also just
checked out the Chloe boutique just off
Melrose and they didn't have the bag but
they have this one oh it's gone
she did have it in the window and it's
now gone but yeah they don't have it how
beautiful is it down here guys Ron I
think it's Melrose Place Robin yeah they
like and also we just went into pilot
gray which I had never heard about but
Anna seems to think what's the deal with
it it's like some kind of curated yeah
sorry screeches fuck off me fancy pants
but they actually didn't have anything
like that I haven't really heard of or
try before so it's cooler guys we found
the pink wool everybody takes that
outfit photos by and there's like a line
of girls taking photos for the pink wall
so funny they also have the Lady Gaga
Coachella wall now the thing I mean
there's been singing going on over here
David Backes
who shoots back I don't even know if I'm
doing that photo shoot with up UK more
swag deal big deal
I think it's I can't wait to create
super-amazing went out something and
then cooled I was reading review on
Melrose and we've just been drinking
Bloody Mary update now hey guys I'm back
in the crazy lighting I just got back to
my hotel room
I got changed for the evening and before
I go so I would show you my outfit of
the evening if you guys saw my haul
video recently you might recognize this
this little duo number little outfit is
from revolve so the top is like a body
the sentence into the skirt and then I
still have on my leg Victoria Secret
little crop top thing on underneath and
then I have on my Alexander Wang little
like flock heels they're not high at all
and then I'm gonna wear my black leather
jacket over the top but from the moment
this is it and Little Mix playing in the
background I think we're going to I
actually can't remember the name of the
restaurant but I'll show you guys and we
get there I've also put on a little bit
of this lipstick which is one of the
news sorry it's like really loud music
here is one of the new collection
lipsticks actually really loves comments
like a really nice mulberry color
it's one of their SPF 15 lipsticks I
think these are coming out in a couple
of months versus been a sneak peek but
so moisturizing they're basically like a
barn but I have
imitation of a lipstick amazing I think
it is time to go now I'm gonna turn
music off and hit dinner I'm having such
a good day honestly like the girls it's
funny he's like before you ever come
away on a trip like this like obviously
I know Anna pretty well and I met Helen
a few times but I've never met Jamie
before so I felt like you never know how
like the dynamics going to work on a
trip and I was a bit nervous and like
you just never know but the girls are so
fun it was such a good group of girls
and we're all so different but actually
all really really chilled out and get on
real well so it's really fun I feel like
this lighting is ghoulish like I
actually look like I'm dead guys bad
news I got back well not bad news but I
got back to the hotel and like passed
out didn't fish my log and so ii am and
awake and i feel like that but at least
I get to fish with log yeah
just going to take a night to you all
and hopefully we get back to sleep now
but yeah I will see you in the morning
jetlag sucks message of the day but guys
