gosh look at my eyebrows good morning
everyone my hair is still really curly
from yesterday's shoot but today is all
about Halloween we are getting into
makeup about 3 o'clock we've got the
amazing makeup artist anilingus coming
to do our makeup because we're going to
the gleam as darkness falls party we
went last year and I did not have the
opportunity to enjoy it as much because
I hadn't really slept and I had so much
work to do so I literally just didn't
get to enjoy it but today is going to be
different and you're going to get to see
my entire look me get ready and then I'm
going to take you and show you a little
bit of the party as well which is going
to be really fun there's going to be
loads of people that you already know
there and which is really exciting for
me to be going and but yeah so I'm going
to start off by doing my skincare
routine for the day and then I'm going
to do my makeup as well these are the
skincare products that I'm going to use
on my face today because I really want
to make sure that I've got a deep clean
so that I'm not going to be clogged with
makeup are today so I'll do this
afterwards as well I'm going to start
off with the Christian Dior Lily water
and this is so lovely I got into my
saddle water recently but this one is
just beautiful like it really does melt
off your eye makeup and I always have
residue in the morning so it's really
nice to get any last bits off then I'm
going to go in with the skin C to course
blemish and age and this always gives my
skin a great kickstart and makes it feel
really fresh and like the pores have
been almost like sucked clean it's
really weird it's a lovely sensation and
then I close my pores with their
solution then I'm going to do a very
gentle exfoliate with the Shantou chi
bamboo and hibiscus exfoliating cream
this is a really nice gentle moisturiser
gentle moisturizer this is a really nice
gentle exfoliator that you can use quite
regularly as well it won't be too
abrasive and then I use the Sunday Riley
good genes treatment I love this
it's a wonder for skin and I use it
about two or three times a week so
because this is quite a special event
tonight I am definitely going to be
using this and then I go in with the
most expensive moisturizer in the world
it's the creme de la Mer moisturizing
cream this goes on to my skin so
beautifully and leaves it like satin
silky smooth I can't I say to myself
don't use everyday Lydia because it's
expensive and I always have to because I
missed that feeling on my skin so I'm
definitely using that as my base for
makeup today and then my eye cream from
road you'll I tend to usually go for
this one anyway because it's just
beautiful and I trust it and yeah it's a
really nice product so that's going to
be going on my eyes before I do my
makeup this is my face before we get
started and has just arrived and she's
setting up all of her amazing makeup and
so yeah I've got like my comfort blanket
on cuz obviously I always have these
slick on my eyes and added like
understands so yeah I'm going to get in
the chair and I'm starting my makeup and
then you can see the finishes are the
kind of girl that you could be double
where I look at you up there somethin
tell me there you're the kind of God I
should make a move
we don't either he got someone to get it
I finished my costume is all purple and
white I'm going to get Ally to take back
to shop for it for when he's finished
having his makeup done but I am so happy
Anna has done an amazing that like
better than I even knew possible so I'm
so excited to go now I hope taxi driver
Dublin for a bit 20 feet so Ali and I
are in the taxi now we've just got into
London we're about 15 minutes away from
the venue and I'm so excited I've had a
good night's sleep this year and I've
had it's really good nicely this year
and I love my costume and the feedback
on Instagram and Twitter has been in
saying you guys seem to really love it
too so yeah just can't wait to get there
and have a drink and
yeah
we finished up at the gleam party and
I'm so so tired and it looks like my
makeup has held quite nicely and we had
such a good night it's always nice to
meet so many people that likely follow
and people that we enjoy watching so
yeah we have such a great time and we
got like so much love for our costumes
didn't we
as your hand he's holding the torch so I
can see myself but yet we had a lovely
time so thank you very much to glean for
having us and thank you so much to Ana
for providing us with these amazing
costumes because we've had such an
amazing night and I don't think it would
have been without these quantities at
home and now it's time to wash off this
gorgeous makeup is data so well oh my
god
like literally I love it so much but now
I've gotta get in the shower because we
bought a pizza I hope you've enjoyed
this vlog and if you did please give it
a thumbs up and if you'd like to see
more vlogs then let me know because I
don't feel like I'm very good at these
so it's why I don't do them often so if
you liked it let me know leave me
