hi guys on the vlogging train blairing
look at that little bug no BMP I have
come to visit
from my workplace yeah we're just gonna
have lunch where it's easy I'm probably
gonna just get the vegan pizza or maybe
pasta trying to keep a healthy because
I've obviously gained a little bit too
much weight she had ah even mum says
there we had I'm probably the biggest
I've ever been oh gee thanks
yeah we're just gonna have some lunch
and then I'm gonna save my mom so the
weekend which is so exciting and moto I
won't be there I know I'm gonna see you
again someday
yes and I'm going out with my friends
for one of my best friend's birthday
Hannah so we went to Manchester it was
last weekend no the weekend before
weekend before and now we're just gonna
go and do a little bit of a party
celebration in London for
I can tell you this later I'm gonna tell
you this I'm gonna work
nostrovia that's what he's a sesame
nostrovia
vegan pizza
look at there's no monkey begging for
food how is he even doing that yeah oh
good boy good buoy yeah
vegan dessert baby oh my god god I've
tried
yes baby
guys I'm back home who recognizes this
bedroom so weird being back here so many
memories strange anyway I'm just fed you
know bet you know is that even a thing
I'm just chillin watching and stuff on
YouTube I'm in a bit of a food coma
right now that dessert was amazing but
it was like so much look at me I'm just
chilling out a little bit I'm gonna get
some work done and then I'm going out
tonight for my friend's birthday again
oh it's gonna be fun so I'm just taking
the time to rest and chill out now from
having a child on my bums in the way
sorry my doggy my baby my baby you
snuggle in you're comfortable now Oh
feel good
I missed this bedroom I really do I
really missed this bedroom it's nice
being here but it's very weird to a
little bit sad I don't know if you guys
know yet yeah so myself
Pierre and Mama have just come to PC
world Curry's I know that you guys
probably remember this one this needs to
pick up a little tripod for my camera
because my other bendy one keeps popping
and breaking and it goes all flimsy so
I've got a different one boy was gonna
be a fiver it was 20 quid so hopefully
it's worth it now I'm going to go home
Hannah and Emma are still there and
we're gonna see our friend Ben and have
a catch-up and maybe going to London it
should be nice it is my property there's
my boy yeah come here
ah baby boy
so overgrown guys so many memories so
much must Alger working through these
places
Marvin's crazy good morning to all I do
is have to make it weird
when I'm an actress on tight if you want
she also didn't tell me that I look
sweaty because of my product on my edges
or you can say and be not here no idea
who that is
I mean if you're gonna talk you gotta be
here so you could see I'm here like man
I can smell bacon
whoa this is so weird like a temporary
whoa it's so bouncy this is kind of
making us feel nauseous it's really
weird sensation that really flowy but
really weird you know like them wooden
things you walk on in the park when
you're a kid and it's like really
unstable it's kind of like that I'm not
sure about it that was a long walk yet
the chair walls are in the list I don't
think you can even make it in the house
can you make it in the house Baba I
think you can do it come on let's go
good boy and someone please explain to
me how this amounted to 18 pounds over
18 pounds how why hmm not good enough me
not having it I mean I'm having it
literally gonna have it but I'm not
having it
so you can explain what has happened so
we were a taxi taxi that's where my
friend Ben works he's basically brother
and we had on fruits of wine hello
everyone it's been amazing
oh good and we accept the creepy guys
behind us but it was creepy guys going
Pablo
right go on do it on camera yes so the
food was amazing
now we're gonna go for a like a little
tipsy shop possibly buy some stuff which
is really bad because stuff does not
feel film yeah it doesn't it's just
names but sometimes it's nice bad boy
gotta fill the void I met a really
lovely subscriber I'm such a dickhead I
wish I'd like filmed her but any move
men are so nice to see you please
comment if you are watching if they
lovely to meet you thank you thing yes
so now we're gonna go through I'm just
gonna go for a cheeky shot guys I kind
of need these well we say
yeah yeah yeah yeah
Oh ever not Fisheries Oh
we're going out tonight
Topshop trying on shoes
look how sexy
I had lost you for so long there's been
a day in between today and the last time
I've logged can't find my camera
anywhere so we went out have fun watch
the fight I honestly thought McGregor
was gonna win don't know why but okay
I'm not really that into boxing but this
this match was kind of interesting
because obviously Connor is an MMA
fighter and Mayweather is a boxer so it
would have been I don't know if she's
interested to watch it aha
so that was cool and then we came home
so yesterday we just chilled my mum key
and I went to see my godson and his mom
who's like my mom's best friend and
which was really nice because I'm never
really down this way anymore so it was
really nice to see them we child we had
some food a couple glasses of rose day
and then we went to the park and we
walked appeared for ages which was
really really nice and then I came back
here my mum went to her boyfriend's
house and me and Emma just chilled we
started watching The Handmaid's Tale
which is like crazy but really good and
we just ordered some food and it was
really chilled really nice and I've
woken up today I was thinking about
going carnivore but I just not really
bothered this year ever you want to go
either in Karima going so I'm just like
maybe I'll come meet you later
I dunno I think I just want to crack on
with some work to be honest that's what
everyday so so I got this morning as you
guys can probably tell
right now I'm cheating and watching
Helens vlogs because they're amazing
means it means though man
but yeah that's what's going on today
I've woken up with a bit of a sore
throat as well feeling a little bit not
good so as you guys could see I'm not
looking
it's so fantastic so that's that really
don't know what else to say babe so know
what else to say I might stay here for
one more night not really sure yet may
go home today it's Monday I hope you
guys had an amazing car war having an
amazing carnival and I hope that
everyone is safe I don't really have
much to say right now I'm tired and my
brain isn't working and I need to what
so Apple see you guys
you
