this camera just doesn't want to work
today is this camera better quality I
think I might try and vlog on this
camera today it is a ton bigger it is
the camera that I filmed my main
channels on also the camera that I from
my gaming videos on but I might try it
out looking back over there it's just
not working it's not it's not doing it's
not doing good today
look at that come wide that is anyways
good morning guys how are you doing how
are you today I hope you having a lovely
day wherever you are in the world today
I show you this little thing that
arrived at my office well it's not you
very little or say little things they're
not little it's quite cool just to like
hang clothes and shoes and stuff like
that one anyways delet in my office
because I'm finally receiving a sofa the
sofa is going to go also thank you so
much will despawn yes to this video it
means a lot to me the sofa is going to
go over here and it's going to help for
my gaming videos because it means that I
can set up things like my Xbox and
Playstation all of that and I can
functional gaming videos on there for
you whilst I wait for this sofa papi Zoe
and Mark are in The Breakfast Club which
is a delicious kind of it is a
restaurant a cafe I guess it's a
restaurant it's open from 8 a.m. to 11
p.m. so kind of counts as a restaurant
more than a cap own guessing anyway as
they are in the breakfast club having
some breakfast hopefully not having some
breakfast because I said please can you
wait for me we just arrived now in town
they've gone off to go grab some coffees
and some drinks and the Breakfast Club
hopefully they're not going to order
until I get there and then I'm gonna
have breakfast with them my surface
should be here any second alright so
basic so basically my setup that I'm
looking at so far today is just this it
is this big old camera here it's called
a 70 day Oh someone's ringing my mobile
hello oh no I didn't see them okay let
me quickly have a look now loud texture
is basically it's a 70d so autofocuses
and then I've got a sigma 10 to 20
millimeter lens next
super wide and let's try and find
something for me to put it on because a
lot of vloggers like KC nice tat vlogs
with it on one of these which is
absolutely amazing but they're
incredibly heavy because it's metal
obviously it's not heavy like just to
pick up if you're holding it all day
vlogging all day on it so heavy old boy
this one is like a lighter smaller
version I could try puttin on that could
try putting it on this which might
rework this is from Manfrotto it's quite
cool got like this there's not really
much else I could put it on nothing else
here is like tripod eh let's try this
okay I'm going to screw it into the
bottom and see if it works so stable now
hmm it's a little bit wobbly nice
because that does work that worked
really well that's so comfortable oh my
gosh
this is that so good luck it's like a
tiny little handle underneath the camera
I'm going to start rigging on this and
then if I need you like just say for now
for example if I want to put you guys
down here I can just put you guys down
open the legs and it stands up by itself
this is like the best thing ever I am so
glad although it is going to be a big
difference it's going to be a lot
different to vlogging on a little camera
that can just pop in my pocket because
this is a big old camera I'm going to
try vlogging on this setup today let me
know if you think the camera is better
quality wise quality for some reason the
audio isn't as good you don't like how
wobbly it is or how sumed or how unzoom
door I don't know let me know completely
what you think and this could
potentially be my new vlogging camera
look a world - in this dog if it's just
sitting there waiting for us owner
oh my gosh oh my gosh people couldn't
carry the sofa no weren't strong enough
and then it helped our they were then
together we're gonna get cheeky
everything my god it's all sorted now
the sofa is in my office I'll show you
in a minute I haven't even seen it yet
and now I'm just gonna go grab breakfast
from The Breakfast Club you guys have
all finished and I haven't even started
yet these two obsessed with the
different snapchat filters of switching
faces literally entire breakfast bill
cider
holy crap look outside guys literally
when I left a minute ago you just saw me
running along and it was so sunny that's
crazy let's go outside let's go oh let's
go on go go
oh my god I nearly fell over yeah don't
go outside now so cold
straight down my back
we get a bitch bro
it's so slippery and what I don't even
know if you guys can see what's happened
now my camera is going to break it so
where oh my gosh look at it today so
sharpies here we go
I think posture is going to be the one
guys apparently you can draw on
skateboards you can draw on watering
cans then draw on CD players on carpets
uncheck on anything so I think what I'm
going to do is I'm going to grab with
some white ones and grab some silver
ones today last long
yeah they do as long as you sort take
her to keep the keep the end on yeah
you've got my pens I'll tell you guys
what they're for later on tonight or
tomorrow once again and I'm just heading
back to the office need to go I need to
go edit my daily vlog I need to get my
daily vlog up so then it's not late for
you guys man but there's my sofa I feel
like I need to skateboard or something
put the legs on there for it could just
wheel it across but surprisingly a
skateboard is one thing that I don't
actually have in this office however
Apple I meant to get it through this
door we're going to someone pick it up
and put on its side which starts looking
good now guys so I've got my computer
gaming setup here term gaming videos and
just that's just the background for now
obviously it's going to be changed and
then over here Israel I'm going to sit
on there like this to film console
gaming videos like Playstations over
that and then I'm going to put a TV here
but my TV is currently at home I need to
bring over I've lost the stand which is
not helpful because it's currently on
the wall in my old office and I want to
put it here unlike a unit my new videos
just saving and the time is only 1250
it's going to be up on time today
I've got a one brick wall here obviously
fake I'm going to try and hang it up on
there the background some gaming videos
I've also got a load of little clips
maybe I don't need it that big this is
pretty damn wine the only thing I've got
to cut it is this I've got to be careful
okay you're ready to see what I've
created it's very it doesn't look very
good I'm probably not going to use it
I'm probably just going to vote green
screen there instead it just it just
won't go like tighten up to make it look
like a brick wall like the lights just
going to give away that it's fake so I
mean I'm not trying to pretend to like
make you believe that it is a brick wall
but I want it to look like it's a brick
wall and that it's just too saggy to
look like a brick wall my new vlog has
been stuck on 52% uploading for the last
45 minutes usually when I upload a video
literally takes like six minutes 73
minutes left 52 percent I have no idea
what to do
do I like walk up to town with my laptop
and try to upload it sneaky from the
Apple store on their Wi-Fi it's quarter
to 3:00 in the afternoon my video has to
be live by 5:00 so I'm going to film a
new gaming video now and if it still is
on 53%
after I finished this gaming video I'm
just going to got into town and upload
it in a cafe somewhere
I've just finished up filming the new
gaming video it was incredibly short but
also quite scary I hope you're gonna
enjoy that when I upload it it's just
saving and doing all the bits now on the
video and the audio separately and stuff
let's check like I honestly haven't
checked how my upload is going like 55%
okay so it's gone up 2% and now it's
just 78 minutes one hour 20 minutes
later I am finished with my video
and my uploaded still at 58% so it's
gone up a little bit and now it says 81
minutes can't handle it gonna go up to
town weather oh my gosh
by min fo store let's see what their
Wi-Fi is looking like okay we're looking
good processing we can go thank you so
much Apple they're being lovely as
always
thank you so much I need to get used to
this camera it's so bloomin big that it
scares me blogging in public and
vlogging in public is one thing that I
love doing if you've been watching these
videos for longer than one day and I'm
running for the stairs you will know
that I love to blogging God get me check
it off you will know that I love the
vlog in public but this camera is so
damn big that it kind of just puts me
off like everyone just stares at me like
look at it in the mirror this is wrong
way from with look at the size of that
in there look at you look at the size of
you and I'm walking down the street like
hey God I just bought my sushi which I
was richer to get to do hopefully if you
do like this camera then you do like me
using it I will get used to it and I
won't mind blogging the public with a
big old camera like this right the video
is up I've got my lunch even though it's
not lunch homers like 4 o'clock late
lunch I have got 11 minutes to get in a
Skype meeting so I'll catch you up to
the meeting 1 hour and 42 minutes later
and I finished the Skype call it went
incredibly well now I need to eat my
sushi that I bought I just bought some
California roll I've already eaten the
chicken teriyaki and then I've also got
is it salmon rice bean teriyaki I don't
even know I have no idea and then I just
downloaded a new gaming video while
stars in the meeting on skype on Steam
and now I'm going to record myself
playing that to go up on my game channel
over the next couple of days I'm still
getting used to this camper I don't know
if I like I kind of I think I kind of
like it like serious wounded and then a
white that is yo I mean I'm gonna get
used to it you guys are gonna have to
see what
if everything like that that I think
it's cool I just left them this look so
wide there we go I have just left the
office now everybody I didn't realize
how late it was
like I was about to film another gaming
video and then I realized it's ten
minutes past seven I should probably get
home and see Zoey and mark otherwise I'm
just going to not get all pitch black
not going to get to spend any time with
them tonight so packed up all my office
I did manage from to gaming videos today
and sort out all the meetings and
everything and get the daily vlog done
and sorted out the chauffeur and
everything so still super productive but
just heading home now I can have some
fun with those guys
I get home and look what these guys have
got oh my gosh yours
gosh you ice-class mine oh wow
yeah Federico Diaz oh yeah oh my god
Evan yeah
look at ah mines a coconut something
cheese cheese done dodo dawn I can I've
met here we go yeah that looks so good
ice cream it's like this taste up
McFlurry
it's so good to go with dinner of course
I've got to have a cheeky little GNT gin
and tonic gin gin and tonic I have no
idea how to put this cream on there
there is it was the ice cream there is
so much what am I meant to do maybe I'll
leave in there and then just dip each
piece in goes look at mark Zoe's parsley
amok it's like crap his pants guys we're
watching paranormal active is this
number 6
yeah number 6 and those were asleep for
the last like hour-and-a-half don't
think she even saw a mini of it look at
my hair
yo creepy that the children need to calm
down this is not okay
Oh No
why do things never end well why can't a
scary movie ever end happily and just
like you're okay now
the demons gone all right let's see what
Zoe thought what did you think what was
your favorite bet asking uh what was
your favorite bear do you remember any
of it
no even one minute oh my god these two I
just scare each other trying to scare
each other anyway they're like leaning
out of one window and tapping on the
other person's window do it yeah I'm
gonna get it are they I just did this
luck I knew he was brushing his teeth in
there so I do this to his window with
the same the mark comes out of the
bedroom and I alpha I know that's you
and I was in orbit or not what he was
like he was Eagles just been knocking on
my window he was sure I saw the value of
that so the bill and everything I know
it was a seagull oh we need to go to bed
why would you is gonna fall off I I'm
going to bed I'm taking my drink
good say in the morning
oh I need turn off limit out turn off
all those lights you've enjoyed today's
vlog if you have and you've enjoyed a
horror evening give the video a big old
thumbs up to let me know let me know
what you think of this big camera as
well because it's a blooming effort
carrying it around so if it hasn't
improved the quality like a lot then I
might switch back to the other camera I
don't know you let me know in the
comments I've got the dentist tomorrow
morning so got my braces back in if
you're if you're watching mister dentist
man who does my teeth then I've
definitely had my braces in all day
definitely have anyway so I catch you
tomorrow give the video a thumbs if you
enjoyed it
I'll see you then good night oh then he
broke the lens with my ring yeah she's
killing it gone
you need me there yeah
