good morning guys
I'd say why don't so gray and weird and
under very healthy today realize it's
because I've still got always alike
leftovers of my Halloween makeup all on
my face that's why I look so dead I've
also got this one just come with me
that's it yeah take a look here you
sleepy
you sleep with your sausage you got a
little jump run you're no trouble at
everything she just came off a gave me a
cuddle and bed will at first she jumped
on me didn't you
now you're pretending to be all cute now
you're being filmed min ago you would
jump in daddy
anyways today is a super super super
exciting day because we are off to a
Halloween event I've been to for the
last two years one year I would just
mark snow me and Zoe and then last
year's going to journeys came Joe did
you come last year
Tony's fun Joe's always pretty busy
Joe's off for a book tour he's off to
Glasgow in a minute yeah you can record
up there do it snow boots well you got
bloomin pea coat though of Yemen yay you
got a bloomin big coat I need to get
under bed the time is currently 11
o'clock had the biggest line ever I
cancelled the gym this morning I was
meant to be at going to the gym 8 a.m.
and I woke up at 7:15 after going to bed
at 4:30 literally had less than three
hours sleep and then I woke up to go to
the gym know what my sister brung my
sister and I was like okay literally
can't do it like I can't work on three
hours sleep and it wasn't a normal
workout I started doing Crossfit
sessions like once a week kind of thing
and that just kills me like proper just
high-energy consistent working out is so
tiring
I'm knackered you having a good time
look at your little head anyways I'm
going to get up now
Zoe and I woke up earlier to listen to
Adele on Radio one with Nick Grimshaw
she is literally hilarious I feel like
she's just going to take over the world
again but even bigger and better this
time
and on repeat has been her new song
hello for the last two hours I reckon so
he's just going to plain out the
speakers so loud downstairs right I need
to get out a voice of room we changed
the pin let with the sheets last night
and I've already ruined it with all my
face or my makeup so if I look all gray
and you're like Blumenau off unicycling
being up a little dirty and old that's
because all of this is like leftover
makeup I'm not like dirty guys well I
mean the kind of history that still with
the makeup on but but tub/shower now
just fill us that I haven't vlog since
I've been in my office yet the time is
currently two o'clock lunchtime
I've just finished editing so I've got
food all in my teeth one of my favourite
daily vlogs I have ever made yesterday's
video I hope you enjoy that it is so so
good it's like 15 16 minutes long and I
just love a little bit like it's so
funny or such a sick Halloween party
I've also got a gamer video to film now
tonight everybody is coming over to go
to this did I tell you about the Tonys
farm Hollow horror experience then they
were doing tonight a ton of us youtubers
are going to some horror experience
tonight Zoe sorted it all out and then
we'll coming over at 5 o'clock tonight
the time is currently and I just told
you the time is 5 minutes to 2 I didn't
film also noise sound like oblivion Dom
in my office
know that and actually know hasn't been
here yet I need to bring other to my
office yeah I need to set up all of my
gaming stuff because I'm gonna film
another gaming video for you guys and
then I'm gonna try and edit that I think
I'm going to put that on Sunday probably
Sunday you're watching this on Saturday
and but I really really want to play
table tennis I hate that I'm the only
person in this office in some ways in
some ways I love it I think I've always
been somebody that loves my own space
like don't get me wrong I love hanging
out with friends and family and I love
and I'm very very sociable but at the
same time I do love my own space like I
love being able to just go off by myself
and just I'd
no what's YouTube videos edit videos but
those are too few sheep like I don't
know I don't even know I like just
having peace and quiet and that doesn't
mean that I don't like hanging out other
people I don't I don't know if some of
you the same as me I just really like
having my own space on my own sometimes
I just feel very content being by myself
like I like it and today is one of those
days because it means that I'm more
productive and I'm not getting
distracted by things and I'm getting all
my all my work done I really really want
to show you this merchandise that I've
been sorting now it comes out on the 1st
of November it will go up for sale and I
think I think it's my favorite piece so
far by quite by quite a long way I'm
really really excited for it and I think
excited excited sound like an accent I
think you guys are going to love it so
if you like merchandise and if you like
my videos and then get excited because
there's blooming awesome my new gave me
videos just saving at the moment so what
I'm going to do is I'm going to leave my
laptop open whilst walking to the taxi
rank and let it save just say o someone
render dinging me good I ring the King
give me puppy on FaceTime I'm gonna hear
you like hello oh ha ha
I've logged that as well looking it's me
everybody else where is obsessed with
this mood and why I need to leave so
I've just got him now there's a ton of
people here ready to go out to the
Halloween event tonight was here and see
our markers in the end today and if he
sends it out his hairy bumper it's a
ticket from what worried us know by
homer Bobcat was sensitive about which
marks a new video every double jetty
edit yeah that means no definitely has a
all right we've just arrived now we've
got around in the life yva UK now a
majority Muslim actors just came in now
photos and they were like the cells in
there are so good everybody is here
let's roll
I can smell poo and mady's in front of
me
I think she might Buddhist God poppy gun
burst poppy you're going fast guide Sean
Oh Dom's going fast no messing about all
right we're going in I just fall
entirely going close oh you can't see
we're in someone's bedroom this is what
we're going to be like in a second Bobby
you ready so we just rented one now
where you put a bag over your head and
you can't see anything somebody one of
the actors during it grabbed my crotch
and I was like no way they're not
allowed to touch you so it turns out
yeah exactly
especially not there turns out they
let's over your Madi in the back of the
like the back of the ride or wiper is
called and they did it to us like they
were like scaring us how's it going good
this one
goodbye this is the hayride which is
where you'll attract Oh Joseph Oh what's
happenin here hey yeah
my neighbor dude nice to meet you we're
in my husband goes men doing chores
Damon we be coming up in you sure have
Bernie Harmon gasps oh I could eat them
up right now to kill a balls at your
face in the glamour my face buzzer
tingling
this is my favorite bat
Oh
yeah nice you guys
child
Friday
Oh God you got a limp everyone to speak
yes yes James get a hot dog on Jimbo
damn pictures total copies done appear
already and she hasn't even gone in
there yet super time this one seller we
did this one last year
who's going fast you go fast you go in
jail on I'll go on thank you for your
team they come at you from the walls the
seller is not recommended for you if
you're claustrophobic it's also very
minute with your excellency cosmetic
have a heart condition a nervous
disposition or if you're pregnant are
you pregnant Jonathan you know you can't
see anything guys
we got yoga lesson
let me tell you is it gamey Davey yeah
what's happening in there just going to
chop shop it's a new one
hopefully not this right here we go hey
yeah hey she looks like she's having fun
no office on them there's so much been
hot in here keeps trying to scare the
actions shit there's a chainsaw
this guy's States
oh my god
that is one time estimator
oh my god
oh god he's gone dad
oh my god oh okay playing it go hey I
want to film their reactions that one is
sure the scariest ones were wrong I was
so good
danger I helped fire we love Oh gah
match is gonna be slow
yeah and I'm a totally now
hurry do it is time to end the blog
marks know me staying over as well we
just been chatting downstairs for ages
and cuddling Nala and relaxing it is
like 1 o'clock in the morning Zoe's got
book signing tomorrow so won't be able
to hang out in tomorrow's vlog too much
I don't think but I think I'm going to
go for breakfast with marks know me as
well which will be nice tonight was
awesome if you haven't already guys and
obviously not get paid to say this you
just need to go check out Tully's farm
and it is called oktoberfest so I think
it's like tally shocked over fest or
something you guys can google it it is
autumn and thank you so much for those
guys for giving us like security and
letting us on the rides really quickly
and everything other rides I suppose
attractions I suppose but yeah they're
super super good to us and gave us
everything for free tonight so thank you
so much to them and hope you enjoyed the
video if you did give it a big ol thumbs
up let me know if this video was in your
subscriptions box I hope it was because
I know recently my vlogs have been
messing up a bit and then loads of you
guys haven't been able to see them and
watch them and I just want to know that
it's all shorted and all fixed so let me
know if this video is in your
subscription box in the comments by
saying yes our feet it's in my
subscription box or something I deliver
now I'm gonna in the book now good sleep
I'll catch you tomorrow good
