where's mommy
where's mommy I think she's found ya did
you find there oh did you find her
oh my gosh someone's excited
can't you see
good morning guys good morning whoa Matt
the Rope how you doing I'm actually off
to the gym today believe it or not not
off to this gym this gym is not ready
yet
so I'm off to meet my mate max and work
out with him just which I'm super
excited for oh that's a great angle Oh
even better
it's Monday morning it's 7:00 a.m.
getting up early getting my butt to the
gym before my first meeting this morning
at 10:00 and then I know actually my
first meeting today is at 12 o'clock
I've got the chilled morning well though
I'm going to edit the road before that
so basically I'm hitting the gym now
then I'm going to edit the road then I'm
going straight into it
eight hey today it's going to be good
today's I can feel it the weather is
amazing I feel good I've had a coffee
I've had a banana off to the gym today
it's gonna be a good day it's Monday
it's Monday that's one of my favorite
days of the week
guys this is so sick oh I know they've
all gone there was month to order their
babies and brands do not fitness class
running around the track with the plans
good gym session this morning I'm very
wary that I haven't worked out in a long
time like literally probably four months
maybe even more than that so I was quite
quite cautious about Aitken too much
tomorrow if we do one specific body part
so we just did a little bit of
everything just finished having
breakfast which was leftovers from
yesterday's dinner if he saw so he made
a delicious chickpea and sausage and
tomato like dish so had some of that for
breakfast and and now I'm just trying to
edit the vlog as quickly as I possibly
can because I've got a meeting this
starts in 44 minutes very very far away
like long head away trying to get as
much done as possible but I'm also very
where that need to get dressed in
everything as well but I will not be
late today I've gone for the detail the
little tiny detail I never normally pay
attention to I wear too much but today
I've gotten sneaky so on the back of my
t-shirt
I mean jumper don't if you can dunno how
gonna be sure you oh can you see that
without my t-shirt I think why don't
and then I've matched that pink writing
of little trim of pink on my socks I'm
sorry I'll come back later
trampoline I don't have time today for a
morning backflip this meeting I need to
get to it's too important and I cannot
be late I don't have a little tripod set
up thing for the camera in this car so I
will catch you I'll see you there I am
the savage at parking like honestly I
know I say this a lot and I specially
say this when I park here
I used to sucker pocket like I find it
really really difficult but over the
last couple of months
I've become the king what I need to do
is remember to pay on this machine now
actually my music depend my phone if
they got that ya pay by phone last time
I was here I completely forgot to pay
and I got a parking ticket
just completely forgot six pounds forty
five that is way cheaper than a 25 pound
parking ticket look at that weather guys
the sky the weather the vibes the
atmosphere the fresh sea air I told you
today was going to be a good day
I could just fairly I know that so this
meeting that I'm jumping into now could
potentially run for like four hours or
it could run just for a couple of hours
I've told you guys again and again in
the videos that there is a big event
happening in Birmingham I was going to
say next month is actually this month
called hello world this meeting is to
finalize so I'm super less because per
new braces in yesterday this is to
finalize some of the cool things cool
features call parts activities going on
at the event we're finalizing some of
them today
man that was awesome that was really
really good guys I haven't got a parking
ticket I am so happy my meeting ran over
so long I wanted to be done by like 2
o'clock it is now 17 minutes past 3:00
and I haven't even finished editing the
vlog yet test scores to be up at 5:00
when I can't really keep some focuses on
this face rather than my face by the
vlog is finally all up what was
scheduled I managed to edit it in the
car and upload it hot spot in my phone
internet whilst in the car now just
heading into town finally to get Zoey on
Wednesday yes - or his fifth anniversary
five years but that is insane I'm only
24 and the last five years the most
important last five years of my life
they must bought last I've been the most
important have been spent with Zoey how
mad is that but time is just gone I'm in
Wenzhou if he wasn't even a thing where
he wasn't even a thing online when you
guys used to try fine little sneaky bits
in blogs of us like holding hands or
slightly touching each other's legs I
deliver known and that I spent five
years well on Wednesday will be I think
I've found
I can't speak about too much in the vlog
because this goes up tomorrow which is
Tuesday yeah just wait see awesome thank
you so I always do this thing and I know
you can't even see me I'm doing a hard
imbalance Mike ah there we go
balancing you're on a pack of minutes so
I'm naturally just a very chatty person
as you can tell from making these videos
and often these videos have long chatty
segments where it's just me sitting down
like I am right now I suppose just
talking and talking to again basically I
just love to chat and this isn't just on
camera this is off camera as well people
that know me personally will know this
every time I go into a coffee shop or
getting a train ticket or anywhere where
there's a way to interact with I don't
if I'm ordering a drink in a pub if I'm
buying a card just now for Zoey I just I
just chat to the people just now in
bagelman and this happened the other day
in a pub I was literally in a meeting in
a pub and again just like now inveigle
man the woman behind the tail the girl
in both these situations young girl like
my age thinks that I'm flirting with her
because I'm just being so overly chatty
and I can understand why they would
probably assume that because I'm just
chatting chatting too long my camera ran
out of memory suggest now make a man it
got to the point where I felt like I had
to and I did I said oh I'm not really
sure whether I want ketchup or brown
sauce on that one because it's for my
girlfriend she's at home and I haven't
asked her it's it's her lunch because I
felt that it was so awkward that she
thought I was flirting with her I was
like again I'm throwing the card out
there I've got a girlfriend I'm not
trying to flirt I just thought I'd sit
down and see if any of you guys have the
same issue now there's nothing wrong
with like a boy flirting with a girl and
she didn't know her had a girlfriend or
not so it was fine but I did I'm not
trying to flirt with people
I just I just I just like I just like to
chat and chat and chat like I don't know
I don't know what it is I just like to
talk to I think it's that I like to talk
to strangers
I'd like to talk to people that I'm
genuinely interesting if they are having
a nice day I'm interested to see how
their works go and see and then now I
just walk past so just remember now I
just walk past another clothing shop and
I buy clothes from that guy quite a lot
and I literally walk past we both like
acknowledge each other like oh hey man
how's it going that I turned back around
went in the shot past him how his day
was going
ask him how the business was going
showed him my hoodie because he said
who's this and I was talking about how
it's Elvis Presley past him how the
week's been the fact that on the weekend
it was super busy because it was a
payday weekend and now it's gonna be
quieter because it's Monday and the week
last week was pay week and I wasn't even
shopping in the shop
I'm busy I've got I've got things to be
doing but I just walked back to go and
chat but I just like chatting to people
that's one thing that I've realized over
the last couple of months is that I chat
a lot more a lot more than the average
person and actually thinking about it in
school I was always really really
well-behaved but the one thing that I
used to get every single at parent is it
called a parent review teaching a
teacher parent review kind of thing like
you know when your parents come in or
your your guardians and they have a chat
with the teacher and see how you go in
and what you can improve myself like
that mine was always like Alphaeus
absolutely amazing doing really really
well except for me just chats it just
chats to everybody in the class we try
and move him for chatting too much in
another place and then he just makes
friends with that person and just chats
with them so it should have really known
it was coming to be honest just thought
I'd mention it the vlog because I want
to see if anybody funny if anybody has
any tips or if anybody feels the same as
me or is the same
I don't know any wasn't need to get back
on oh she's so sleepy put your present
close your eyes put your hands out I
sort of always getting you presents
guess what it is first carny trying to
balance you on a squash it's 6:03 604 in
the evening just sit down for my lunch
now today has been blooming busy
today's been good though it's been
really good I'm gonna start doing
YouTube live shows again so I think
we're gonna try and kick start that off
tonight I've also got a meeting at 8:15
so could be perfect to eat this then do
a live show then huh my last meeting of
the day and then have dinner and just
chill you know what time it is you know
exactly what time it is I know you know
what time it is and I haven't got a
necklace on today so I can do it I told
you this morning that I would do it oh
no
if I fall and break my neck I blame it
on the morning backflip even that's not
the morning anymore just finished my
first youtube live show in ages and it
reminds me how much I love the live
interaction like the reason why I love
vlogging the reason why I love doing
over this is not obviously just to
document my life to watch your back and
everything but it's the the instant
feedback is such a different feedback
from like well now you stop load and
pointlessblog the comments and the
replies everything I got were about the
video and we're just about like oh that
was funny or when you did this that was
funny like the comments on these videos
are so they're so different it's about
my life as a homeless about me and my
family and my friends and I love it I
can read them every single day the next
day because I upload these videos every
single day when you're live I can say
something and you guys like instantly
respond it's just awesome like it's so
simple so it sounds like all
my stupid saying yeah but there is just
something about being live I'm even able
to be like look at this and just show
you that straight up because this is
pretty live like this is like 24 hours
behind which is actually pretty
up-to-date like if you're watching TV
shows they're like six or eight months
out of date kind of thing anyway so I've
got one minute it's currently 14 minutes
past 8:00 I've got one minute till I'm
jumping on a phone call with a dude in
New York who is a crazy entrepreneur
businessman called Gary Vaynerchuk I
wanted to chat to him for a while
because he's like in this space in this
YouTube world he daily vlogs he owns a
wine business he was an early investor
in tons of different super successful
companies and were jumping on the phone
in one minute to chat about the future
what we're both up to we haven't really
planned too much we've never spoken
before we've just been messaging on
Instagram DM and we're going to jump on
the phone and have a chat see what he's
up to see what I'm up to
see if there's any way to work together
I've got my notepad and pen I'm in the
idiot I'm an idiot
I'm just blinking at the time it's not
20 minutes past I it's five minutes late
this does not he doesn't seem like the
kind of guy who's gonna be five minutes
late and then I just googled the time in
New York got the time gone it's actually
9:15 nor 8:15 UK time I did the time
difference wrong between New York and
England GMT not BST or whatever it is
basically I've got got wait another hour
which is organic means I can go home and
start eating my dinner it's 12 minutes
past 9:00 so a couple of minutes to the
call just ate my dinner don't know if I
showed you and then if I filmed that at
all the Lighting's much better this way
for the vlog there we go
yeah earlier on when I was in town I
went to this veggie place and got a
takeaway meal for tonight and it was so
good
hey how's it going I'm very good and
very good I'm just connecting you to
some air pods just quickly so I started
YouTube back in 2009 just like straight
up in my bedroom family holiday camera
messing about putting on a stack of
books nobody knew I was making videos I
didn't want to tell friends because
YouTube was weird back there and it
wasn't popular it wasn't cool
super-successful time on the phone with
Gary we've arranged a dinner and drinks
together in London on Thursdays flying
over from New York on Wednesday so we're
gonna meet up on Thursday in London why
am I looking at the fridge I'm gonna
turn all the lights off shut everything
down lock everything up and go to bed so
I hope you've enjoyed the vlog if you
have give it a thumbs up as always
subscribe if you already I know I repeat
this every single day ggrf and tell you
to subscribe and give the videos thumbs
up and I know that 90% of you know to do
that and do do that every single day and
some of you guys are even part of the
LBW Club which means that you like
before watching every day you click that
thumbs up I'm gonna leave the bug here
and I'll catch in the morning get that
guys why do I always whisper that like
it's creepy as heck good night guys
