I thought I would do this is vlogging
because I haven't been learning ages
I've got really greasy hair and I've got
makeup all over my face so I need to
have a shower I'm waiting for mr. AMR to
get his act together facing look after
these two and I can get in shower um
sitting room like massaging my headless
adducted Manor
so today I am going into town with baby
head
I'm jelica staying at home with Daddy
she's watching Jackie and I'm going to
have my mouth checked there means dip
ages and I'm going to be you download
clinic I think that's how you pronounce
it which is what for you all right
genic is a bit under the weather today
I'm trying to get ready I've managed to
get bit of makeup on and it's really
hard to dress today because I don't know
if it's going to be really hot it looks
quite cold out there at the moment I
know I'm going to get in teheran I'm
going to be sweating I've got the pram
to push such a dynamic so I'm in my
success denim e shirt dressing from and
all I'm going to take a cake with me
it's all finally interesting isn't it
fascinating fact of the week I've
realized that my Marc Jacobs winter
parka has removed maligning and so I
have made myself a sort of springtime
summer coat that's almost identical to
the one that I was eyeing up online and
so I've saved myself a fair bit of money
by making do and adapting my existing
wardrobe I've now got the dreaded
threads of them how it's going to be
taking a pram into town today either
it'll all go smoothly or it'd be a
disaster depending on how helpful people
are relying on the kindness of strangers
so far so good we have helped an
escalator all the way understand over
couple downstairs
okay well things are talking about Ted
is very very sick of traveling already
and we've only go to 20 minutes okay
please stand clear of the closing doors
then on in my excitement I forgot even
chef mo ballistic Rockville luckily
they're in the only level Arabs because
you know what there's no list and you've
got round you're just absolutely stuck
I'm not really allowed at the escalator
and you can't take it in three parts
just the baby on your own so good job
lift success again
another left doing well doing what
everyone we're doing weird extreme lucky
changing here you aren't me why is your
head so red doesn't look like that in
real life
come on I'll check all clear on the mold
frontages
and as I going in Lily pebbles Mr Colley
was coming out and she looked at the
baby's head for about 15-20 minutes
while I was helping my mom chatter and
which was amazing the park
thanks charlie and really quite bizarre
and consumed in the malt in it and now
I'm on my way we have recovered ending
you are have seen an aged native nation
in disease and we're going to finish
certainly I'll put what will be happened
world logging they should have a key
breaker thing because she's pregnant
pretty so see how she'll get me on that
breaks I think so yeah we're gonna have
much hi poppy
this isn't it indicator of my hahahaha
geez with the pregnant I have to
might even sense that he's like the
attention is not on me papi is having
twins and she's going to come and do
some videos with me I am I am completing
of the videos all the tips we need to
newborn babies from yes when the twins
but you can you can follow me on
Instagram and have lot I'm going to put
ok everyone's going to hate me on this
one I'm going on deaf using my house
Karen I'm bonded in the house we are
filming a series of videos look at this
chaos all I'm actually cleaning out like
here yeah Caroline's are sorting out her
caper no filming some very very nice
stuff so get excited in fact one of
these might have already come out by the
time and you see this video I'm not sure
yet I haven't decided this is like
colored mascara on you really oh yeah
dude I'd like to do a little stronger a
feeling color more than I ever have done
I love a blue mascara would you wearing
an eye outside of this filming yeah yeah
I got quite imitate a couple of years
ago it was meh stay order one sumptuous
and they did it in blue and I wore all
the time and I sort of forgot that I was
even wearing bloomers karne ke all I got
it let there is electric blue yeah the
galloping this picture and my lifted
eyes you've got all this to come
everybody full video on this what we're
calling it Caroline half cycling some
asperity we're sort of failing at summer
smokey eye with cruises where odds on
the title of this one because I think a
half smokey eye would be more mysterious
and people be like or what's that you
can look how hot it is outside this is a
view out of the
this window looks like runs on sort of
running track hey don't any marks yeah
Oh what am I saying I don't know just
something funny try and be funny we are
so hot at me
I literally have sweat running in
rivulet
down my cleavage and yeah well you want
me to be funny act like but I was joking
on the other way I'm I'm you gone the
other way
sad to do this this is my mute Carolina
ban she's really good at makeup she's
not so hot on this being very funny yes
so make sure you tune in for those
videos that we're doing I'm going look
at Caroline's videos on Instagram this
she can really embarrass this because
every summer pinch me I'd like to go to
Croatia which is but they are really
amazing they're my favorite thing my
anger rose it is started clear balancing
isn't it it's like one of those people
you know like if you had a really keen
date no like I really love you I love
everything about you oh you're so pretty
or you're so you know like just too many
compliments all work plans are on hold
for Emily because it's so nice and hot
and then we have an extra nanny days day
just by fluke which is good because and
it's what it means I am actually getting
some time in the Sun one thing that I
was going to do today and that was them
a car my hair is going to look a crazy
look again and be do a lookbook and with
some dresses I've got and today would be
a good day suit because it's really my
side but I did have a little bit too hot
and too bright oh the irony
so I might just use it you know he's as
an excuse basically do nothing
we are child bring the baby is with that
money
and Angelica is asleep so we are going
to go and have sex in a lay-by we're not
really he's broad daylight for goodness
sake we're going to go for a walk in the
woods see it's the first time we've ever
been anywhere without both Olaf on it
mister am I've had enough of me today he
thinks I'm being silly about 7 o'clock
this morning I gave him a whole list of
all of my plans of the day which did his
head in and now I just have had so many
stupid conversations well I imagine the
conversations acted him and he just sat
there driving game mmm like that we
should have I know that he really suited
me mum is going to record a video oh
it's very funny to be recording on my
blanket so I feel bad lying here and not
looking after a jelica she's been a
pastor we've got our extra in any day
which is amazing and I don't feel bad
enough to get out I mean like literally
she's right there fucking got even get
involved like now I'm on strike
oh this tell you normally I'd be racing
to get a million pieces of work done to
make use of my day and but no I'm just
I've decided I'm on strike this
weather's amazing that's it one day
holiday to be fair I've only done about
two hours off
of cure indulgent relaxation - that
actually I think 50 bad crawled inside
my belly button and uh uh I've been
testing out these SPF phrase this week
because it's been hot this one runs from
the negara both SPF 50 and they're
really really fine mist now I have to
say I don't it mistakes on my face what
I think about these me because they're
brilliant idea and people have always
asked me what do you do if you've got
your makeup on and you just want to top
up your sun protection to sort of
incidental exposure or you know if
you're out in the Sun and you feel like
you don't have enough protection on you
don't want to take all your makeup off
and put your SPF one and then put it all
on again so these are brilliant for that
however what I would say is I don't
think that they provide the same
protection they do say SPF 50 however
for the way that you would apply them
which is just a quick sort of spritz or
mist is how I would have thought you
would do it I don't think that you would
get the protection that you would get
from applying a layer of cream you know
like properly so yeah a really good idea
for people that want to top-up during
the day I think they're great but use a
proper SPF that's not processed yet but
you know a traditional sort of cream or
fluid or something like that I did a bit
of a more scientific test this isn't
just my opinion I have actually been
testing these out and I did a proper
sort of kids 56 one on my shoulders
which haven't burned at all and I just
use mist on my chest area with no such a
base layer of SPF and I did catch some
quite badly on here and in the same
amount of time that I didn't
things happens on my shoulder pool so I
think that reaffirms my point and I
think they're a brilliant brilliant
product and I will do a review on them
and they sit beautifully on this skin
there's no white nurses nose which is
greasing us or anything like that
oh but yeah I just be careful because I
think to get your full whack out of them
you'd have to be there go Shh age of
majors majors anywhere age of little
beauty seemed interlude er gee look at
mr. bass please prepare for the window
or anything no one's looking oh my God
he's so funny I'm going to finish my
clock here
I think I'm doing some quite interesting
things over the bank holiday weekend
I wonder at this tonight because mr. AMR
is going to a birthday party at the
local pub and I'm going to have a night
in perhaps or dominoes woohoo and edit
videos so that's what I'm going to do
and hopefully if I have time I'm going
to edit a video for my other channel the
uphill and because I filmed a whole day
in the life video of having two hundred
twos or a newborn and a toddler I filmed
about a month ago and I just haven't got
around to editing it so I shall link to
that at the end if it's up if it's not
up go and subscribe to that channel and
then you'll get something when it does
go up but hopefully I'll get basis and
done tonight and then you can watch them
you watch the other one straight after
this hopefully it will sort of appear on
the screen somewhere if I get my act
together but I hope you've enjoyed that
because I haven't done a vlog in a while
I'm going to end here because I just
feel like I'm on a really happy roll
today has been amazing I've just done no
work apart from filming this doesn't
really work and I had loads to do and I
just sucked it all off and decided to
sit around in the garden and it's just
been absolutely brilliant
so hopefully you enjoyed it and I shall
see you next time
