Boyan focus nope
good morning guys good morning how you
doing hope you were having a lovely day
Sunday for me Monday for you
get your butt up nice and early go out
and do something productive it's Monday
enjoy it you got a fresh start to the
week oh yeah because it's 5:00 p.m.
see I love Mondays I love Mondays
because it's like you get a fresh a
fresh go at the week a fresh start
anyway it's currently lunchtime we've
already had breakfast then spent most of
the day - - editing videos both of us
and now I've just made some cheesy beans
on toast that's what I'm talking about
mixing in that cheese in the pan with
the beans working on some toasts nice
and simple and delicious and it smells
amazing
also watch em X Factor which this is
like the weirdest episode of The X
Factor I've seen so far everyone on here
is like comical rather than talented is
that bad to say that their comic are not
talented entertaining that's a good one
yeah
close your eyes are they closed
I've been going through some gifts that
I received at my book signing oh my gosh
that just took me so long I should have
done a time lapse completely you didn't
think about filming it I've had so many
boxes of presents from you guys from my
pointless book 3 tour it's insane it's
insane
so I'm thank you so much number one and
I thought I'd show's over a couple of
them this one is so cute well on you
guys as well this one is so cute
look at that I know it's just per se
people have been asking my comments
recently actually two things number one
is where is Percy people burn us in
Pippin sorry and number two is how is
Percy so number one to answer
Pippin sadly passed away about
yeah maybe about three months ago so
that was sad but Percy is absolutely
fine and I've put him a lot in the blog
yesterday of stuff we still chat with
him a lot knowledge still hangs out with
him
Percy's all get and pippin solid sadly
passed away but this was a cute little
thing there's me with a little camera
Zoe
nya and Percy remember when we were
driving back from somewhere and we've
probably and Sean and we stopped off and
I got that salad and it was like the big
station where you can believe and get
food and everything there's a Starbucks
there but Donald everything yeah and we
met that family what a young couple with
the little girls
so the mum they must have come to my
book signing I didn't I didn't know it
was them otherwise I would have said
like hello properly well maybe I did and
I've just forgotten anyways we met this
really really cool family and were
chatting to them for literally like 15
minutes or so and the mums name oh my
gosh let me get this right because the
mom and dad's names sound similar Sharon
and the dad's name is Darren that's
amazing they gave me a present I think
is cool and I think from the business
card that's joint over there
it's the mom's company so this is your
one oh and this is my one oh my god
painting look at that cheers Cheers and
they've got like a little nyla I logos
on let's ugh life YouTube my camera went
yeah yeah there's a letter in your one
I've already put that away my letter
into my box fun fact for you guys Missy
I said that there's a business card in
your one that says hand-painted glasses
personalized glasses for any occasion
Karen Cummings and her you her email is
Karen with the K dot Cummings at sky.com
if you want to get personalized glass
oh did I say shower yes I mean Karen and
Darrin is the dad's name Darrin and then
their kids names alike I don't think
she's mentioned there what are the girls
names something like Freya I want to say
Emma but it's not Emma as ms or some dad
I said their names in my vlog yeah
because I just read the letter and
paints there yes so there's me the
YouTube logo PB logo and a little Nala
how cool is that
got Zoey here zoella logo youtube so
glowed Oh Nala
she's Casey's hand-painted glasses
that's one of your guys mum's everywhere
there was tons tons more presents that
were very very thank you no but
obviously our quite show every single
one in the video yeah I've already
showed them oh yeah yeah we're about to
take Nala route for a little walk in the
countryside what but it's raining quite
a lot like it's not very cold but it's
very wet so I'm trying to think of the
best jacket the best the best shoes that
I don't mind getting I don't mind
getting incredibly wet and muddy this
coat I got given free in a photo shoot
once and I loved it oh maybe these
probably shouldn't be wearing these
jeans literally I'm just gonna get
soaked have you outgrow now okay go your
little coat on we can't find the
extendable lead we're currently
collecting Conchas putting them in a
little dog poo bag to take back and
clean up
let's corn there
just make sure that they're not all that
chipped and stuff the shows what we need
to do is we need to put some of these
conquers or there's a big one yeah we
need to put some of these clunkers in
the corners of our our rooms then we
don't get spiders living living slightly
further out into the countryside we get
so many spiders and like big spiders as
well guys it's not just tiny little ones
none of what we're looking for that's
the one that you open the other side in
your bag there he is
we've done a trade-off and I dunno who's
won so he's currently having to wash
Nala in the pantry even though this in
here is a dog wash so we were getting
the house all done up in here we got a
dog wash put in but the light kind of
doesn't work and also I filled it with
like games and stuff so we're not using
that just yet we will plan to start
using that soon in the meantime as I was
currently washing Nala in the pantry
sink and the trade-off per meter to not
have to wash Nala in the sink and give
her a bath was to walk around the garden
picking up with the dog pee that we've
missed and people say that being a
youtuber is glamorous currently vlogging
picking up my dog shit I don't think
I've shown you guys before but on the
front of our house here we have a little
birds nest I'm not even sure if I've
told Zoey actually
I don't if you're going to have to see
and sometimes when I'm getting in and
out the car and stuff
I'll see tiny little birds I'm not sure
what kind of birds they are fly in and
sit down and just like chill in there
and you can't occasionally see them
sitting in there most of the time you
can just see them flying in and out all
right or the dog poos picked up how's
the bath going you enjoying it having
fun in all of the concerts reflected
into a little Pam ready to clean there's
some very up liquid it's quite a few
hours later I don't know if I'm allowed
to say this so I feel that there's a
weird law to do with advertising on
YouTube if you work with a brand or you
promote a product you're not allowed to
talk about that product again without
saying yeah I'm just gonna say his name
I don't have to say what book says oh
he's cooking dinner tonight and she said
I'm making a sausage e beanie thing and
I was like okay I was assuming baked
beans definitely not baked beans she's
cooking from a book by my friend Jamie
Oliver I feel like I'm not allowed to
saying the name of it now otherwise I
have to add in this video in this video
is not an ad we just legit cook in or
Zoe's cook in look at that looks amazing
this is what it's going to look like
prep ten minutes cook 45 minutes so it's
going to be ready in 45 I am so hungry
my stomach is like cramping so now I've
come out and seen all of that oh my gosh
can I not have a little snack
okay good I'm so hungry I'm like beyond
angry 45 minutes sharp a banana feel
like that's a good that's not gonna fill
me up that's not gonna fill me up
oh okay okay how's it look in oh my gosh
smells delicious hmmm I don't know what
it is
should we get some plates mmm bottle of
water and my dinner that's about to go
and get an ice cream for dessert and
then I remembered that one of you guys
at one of my book signings gave me
wasn't my books were they that was ages
ago
maybe it was sent to uh so easy a box or
something from somewhere I've received a
box full of like chocolate and sweets
from another country and I don't know
what country it's from so you can
probably tell me in the comments and
then on each one they've got like a
little sticker describing what the item
is like which is lovely let me ever put
the effort in thank you so much
I'm guessing or it could be German this
one says in German you would say death
is its standart
you just have to taste this I can't
guessing these are all German then
literally dikmen's and the shape of the
little things look like condoms
it's called dikmen's and they're like
condoms which is a bit weird because
they're like kid sweets well these look
cool look at that and then a call ya
know is that the softest marshmallow
ever we have got one of the best German
chocolates with strawberries I'm finding
it difficult to open the chocolate bars
and stuff
whilst I walk at the same time did you
show yeah this is not a trying candy
video this is simply me one in a snack
that's me one in a snack off to dinner
and these on the side in the kitchen
what strawberry oh my god it tastes just
like something means very used to eat
Wow I know we've been the same what was
that it was like this four out of five
for you inside 10 oz this is the one
that said you just have to try it this
looks amazing this looks like Nutella in
a little sandwich it was one ate Charlie
one yeah the other ones in the kitchen
look at that they come in like a little
tray here's your one wish we share one
let's share one mmm
that's my favorite one so far aisle five
yeah mm-hmm that was the end of my not
so a trying candy video even though I
tried candy in the video back to the
normal daily vlog in other words means
Zoey watching
Oh Barney will now watch an X Factor
it's half past ten and I'm currently
watching Dragons Den on the sofa this
has always been one of my favorite
programs seeing new businesses
potentially get an investment by
professionals with tons of experience
and I just love seeing all of the
different ideas all of the different
businesses the people have come up with
in companies I used to sit with my dad
when I was younger and watch his program
all the time that's the goal in life for
me to be in the position where I can
invest and help out tons of small
companies the have potential to be the
next big thing and jump on board and
help the ideas come to life
I've already one day are like properly
chat in videos I feel like it would be
cool to sit down soon and probably chat
to you guys about all the different
percentages of companies that I own and
things like the crate like you guys know
publicly that I own 50% with the
greatest store that's growing at the
moment we're hiring three new
people for the craters - at the moment
my team over in the office I'm hiring
I've new people at the moment and
there's also other companies that own
shares in his word that you guys
probably don't know that I do you guys
you wouldn't even know that I do that
kind of thing someday soon when I feel
like it's right I'll sit down and do
like a long chatty video and talk to you
guys all about that kind of thing but
for now and now I'm just watching
Dragons Den on the TV sleepy or should
we take that to the toilet first
