bye
what good song calvin harris and Rihanna
sounds radio presenter good night and
that's the brand new one from calvin
harris and Rihanna good morning guys hey
morning hi how are you I'm flying in
today but then I really so i think i
might start doing more vlog now know
I've said this before but i might start
doing more vlogs so this is me doing
more vlogs today it is sunday don't want
a you're watching this yet but is sunday
and i have got my sister's coming up one
more letters back from America so she's
come up to visit which is gonna be fun
but before they're here before they come
here I have got to basically got bit by
an emergency which is I'm going to this
super cool event in can next week nature
if you date there's one quite last
minute and it's like a super like cool
event you need like a black to like you
knew from tuxedo for me to like look
look the part I don't look the part I
don't have anything that looks the part
so I need to go and get something that
looks the part so I'm heading tower to
my friend Tom who is knows everything
you need to know about suits what's good
what's like literally everything so
we're gonna go is Howard's and hopefully
get something and I've literally or like
two days to get it tailored I don't know
if that's possible or not I have zero
experience when it comes to suits
because I have one to own one suit
that's allowed dear we're gonna have
breakfast first we're going to go to I
think pays for the good life which is
unmoving i'm struggling for my
sunglasses with always hovering this
drinkage you guys remember this in
Alfie's vlog I got this top in America
probe Holi its Holi old boy um I'm
wearing that today so I'm in the corn or
you to get me
and I've just been tweeting and
someone's have logged your reaction to
this so that's what I'm doing I'll show
you in a minute and it is it's amazing
look Audrina how good is that that is
paintings that someone has done so i am
gonna like that and that's in my vlog so
is the rest of this is what tweet look
like on YouTube is fine every few
seconds there's more tweets from you
guys thank you very much buddy good life
song my hair person Tom
got a map cab how cool is that matte
black it was probably annoyed I'm
feminist taxi but matte black so I
called Tom we both like spoke last night
and we arranged to wake up early and
come and let's get back so check when I
we've got to go on whatsapp see if he's
been analyzed been in line to my eyes
all good then a Coulomb on him in the
car over just like checking in severe
and I wake him up I mind like 10 minutes
away from head so it was called me now
probably living it is asleep hello yeah
I'm good did you sleep again definitely
what he wants me to order this food
because he's taking long it's just the
other shower I think he's just woken up
again but anyway onto good luck on my
own how good luck I'm still waiting for
Tom so it looks like I've got all this
fish myself got granola granola yogurt
Bowl waffle Tom and he decided to now
turn up yeah there is
is it a mood oh I come on those foods
that's happening also I told you about
this what for this is like the best I
want no no no no no no there's no way
there's to ob's there buddy wash one can
afford is like the most incredible thing
in the world but first on there through
this so I'm about to go for this I was
like oh wait where the forks at look
over here Tom's eating granola with a
fork who eats granola with the floor I
do when you got a spoon right or you
damn it in my waffle river spin this
week sorry about the spoon life oh that
looks easy to you oh you hit it you
idiot you lost your first bear
candy weird a funky strike nice dude
okay never touch describe it Eric feels
so quiet I've just realized rune like
one of the busiest they can afford to
concrete that's nice because there's so
many more at everything is open yet
because I mean super keen but Herod I
look that genuine anything is open I
think people standing outside the doors
waiting again so I just want to tell you
they pose with you I made some cool haha
they've closed heartily anomaly darling
splendid seriously change for Patrick no
there's not opening hours 1130 what you
fail get gone try try and open it don't
open it oh oh no I think it's shut me so
first we're looking for the shoes
because that corresponds advice finding
shoes then you find a suit
I just saw these shoes though and I was
that these are literally like design
across their designer crops I am and
they can't fit that super comfy are they
as comfy as Crocs oh it's a really great
look with the sock you think yeah i
think is a fantastic book hey just there
you go accentuate their line of yeah
it's fantastic but I found some slippers
over here which I'm at to trial atty
Snickers they're like these are like
slippers right slip-ons it's a pounce on
them here try more am I getting over
pursuit okay guys we went to a room of
the suits so this is the first look got
a Armani jacket on I'm not going to this
because it's too skinny Tom's running
off somewhere to find other vendors but
yeah this I've got the trials on sat any
top half but something Jim life now
gotta fit in right and I'm joking yeah
it's a skinny skinny tie bow tie and
shirt but it doesn't go the jacket is
nice so you guys were still in the same
jacket but we've got a more traditional
shirt that's far too big but it's just
yet they're like fit going to fit the
look you know people great photo tire
and we're thinking it's looking a look
it's getting there don't say that I
don't know it's it's Brahms what notes
that you needa said it what it's what a
stupid ice it's not just absolutely so
yeah we're just now gonna sit the
trousers on and get a different shadows
we give a real
like 360 this is this is good yeah
obviously not finish so give me blue
still Ferrari obviously Ferrari try not
the parts of the few balls save yourself
get out jiggle she's our great will
Stokes these may I like these socks is
there Vic shyla Tom Ford then I name all
questions Bacchus correction time
acknowledges shit there's the other
question cool now Mr Bond I expect you
to die but give us the world Marcus give
us the walking neither one yeah well I
want sure here I fell over here I can't
ok this is it it's not a guy I thought I
can only give you the walk on the clock
so calm scratches then this is the war
skinny jean Marcus is back just saying I
suit like that guy's right it's going to
be passed down through the generations
now my grandchildren my great
grandchildren children their
grandchildren their grandchildren in 200
years time she engraved and they won it
and everyone can and the name of their
names of the inside like yeah I did have
my name my mom used to write my name no
used to soak here Joe Jonas show Billy
oh yeah Denise owed in the back with
still Andy we cringe was at least I've
got killed his label as backpack yeah I
think like that once you were like oh I
was that guy anyway so we've almost done
I'm so happy and then I me and my
sisters look who I'm with my day Heidi
came to me us we've literally just had
bites Tom honestly absolute lifesaver
today yeah he was uh yeah so helpful go
with Thomas and his late turn around to
get this suit and usually you sort of go
somewhere you could have like weeks to
repair and so that but I only found out
about this event recently so yeah we had
to climb makeshift what we can get and
yeah luckily it all came together in the
answer suit is being tailored and I pick
up Tuesday got the shoes shirt and
everything got the cuff link so
everything is good to go now I'm with
lights and we're going to go meet Tash
we're having a roast dinner and we're
just hanging out online we're gonna kill
some films just had some good quality
sibling time with union
that right yeah I'm not even a film
other going for lunch because you can't
film in there so imma be late Revati
lunch no we just had lunch so yeah how
you hides all right do you enjoy coming
up to on them to see me yes
she doesn't know she enjoys it does she
do you remember this song yeah we went
into our lives we went to see if I'm in
a guide but this song used to be the
song that you and dad were put on in the
car and just sing along to it and I'd be
in the back like no I don't need not
necessarily true yeah on a 27 basket
yeah Richard your dad bit was track it
was track number six on whatever album
me i always put on the court what what
was the cause cool yeah i'm almost
certain
how's the coolest guy town I'm gonna get
you say the wrong thing yeah I know I
did the cause do you guys miss I'll hang
on Irish fans that's how we caught it's
quite old store Go Go did you guys hear
that breathless and hi do you still sing
go on go on leave me Bradley nobody's
always towered she's still always hang
out oh here she is oh yeah she is so
Sonny's back home here she is Tasha
Tasha but everyone how was one for us
nice is that boo had roast chicken
there's way too much those are made
put my friend Josh come on remember
there we go to lovely also it's going to
flop down again you need to give a oh
wow we will see this ruins that were all
black everything all of us she's wearing
my brand damn ok hey we are but we are
going to go josh is well excited for her
well it's gonna have veg in isn't it
it's gonna have no dairy no sugar no
guys basically dogs that's not true dust
yeah and then we're just gonna go back
then we're gonna film and imma just
gonna hang out and watch them so what
greats of them so we are back home just
finished filming main channel video
which is going to be out oh I don't know
when I don't know when i'm uploading the
chef's I don't know when you guys
against it but it's going to be out soon
and it was never have I ever and I think
it's really funny see it's funny ya know
do you think it's funny it's nice not
having stuff smacked yeah yeah video
we've ever done that's true usually then
we do stuff like I'm always like cool
guy so rest of the deck right now the
next girl
drover that was the person if only that
flower video yeah let me put a button in
yeah what a green tea for that there was
a button wasn't a chocolate buttons in
flower it was like you asked a question
so how old was I when I drew this
picture oh if you got it wrong you had
to get the butter now right what's
cheaper challenge is to be great fun of
better ones 31 the cream cream joys
really I felt so sick from that no
creams always the worst so sick but
anyway there was none that today's video
is really fun and now we are gonna we
get to sit parent rap on yeah we're
gonna put parent rap on and just hang
out for a bit so parent rap is like my
childhood film that we will watch on
we've got brownies yes I forgot well you
just going thru out the back oh yeah
straight out the bag will whack those on
plates we've got some smoothies here oh
that one's gone over my Natasha smoothie
so we're gonna have them Oh cheat Dave
Marcus isn't that street every day from
a cheat day for them o jogo my paid how
much we enjoyed pair trap say it's all
right
do you know your pain when you're in
protein crisps that's when you need to
reevaluate your life of it isn't a good
though vertigo oh how many ways her idea
I'm protein hello protein true you're
gonna have some now why did you like
lentils have you tested that UV in some
so when you got home that's nice are you
in a fart now ok I did just the five
let's talk of an hour day oh me oh and
fall oh yeah no one's got Bo are you
sure all right the smell is gone it's
the back Ian throat I was like stainless
basically rock today let it rip and then
go away forget it right hang on hang on
I think wait hang on driving for the
station there is gonna be a smile yeah i
love the fuck you doing this that
doesn't really smell it on a little bit
particles man the more I've just
realized how much I look
like Justin Bieber I've got camo
trousers on which it accompanies things
in the world I've got a vest on and I've
got ripped hoodie on from criminal
damage and my good old a lead us hats
but it's just confu you know just come
to LA I'm vlogging my sister's bathroom
don't I one doing that I dropped Heidi
at the station and then folks a driven
attached back home so yeah that's nice
peace out right hmm what can I cap out
like me we all turn into there Oh adidas
neo that's from me Tasha's represent and
also the shoes I mean they're here what
wait what no your your shoes that you're
wearing now yeah hooo-chows close august
and look at them guys how cool are they
where they played from River Island yeah
I chose them I'm good to go shopping
with honor yeah apparently I'm wearing a
shopping buddy but yeah okay I'm gonna
going on me leave me alone I got this
you think you got this I shirt on this
most addicting art he literally thinks
he's got it he can't get a party's well
it's the last level I played it once all
right give me frickin pray I shouldn't
get past the third one I just completed
as other than that yeah you did you're a
champion I just wanna know what you're
doing in free time right so tap with
your right I can hold left holder well
love it oh just roll it night like old
left what a Tartar oh wait wait for it
tap it to the half tap it out and then
hold hold key are you can have it right
you've got this you go through attack
hold BAM hold hold and then yeah see see
then you got a nice on the tackle ah
this is ridiculous someone just get me
flappy see flappy birds come out again
hasn't it dude flame that is the 10 own
that go do any other games near there
only
no I'm just are you going over your
games I'm like yeah I got stack and he
like yo mouth Smosh sure that my high
school is 110 he can't get more than 20
right now may I got this all day watch
look high score 18 19 all summer six I
reckon your struggle to get 60 I'll
definitely struggle to get things your
drop now 45 min no cuz this wagon I they
were dropping us 35 you're definitely
dropping at 45 you're out you're out no
I don't want to play ball I'm back home
finally it is that she quite late
surveys he i am what i do i yeah dropped
cash back and then as I driving home
phone call me so you just finish work
and I was literally round corner from
where you'd finished just went to become
up then I thought I might as well drop
me home like drop my sister station drop
my sister home yes and now it's just
hanging with tompa bit and it's now
there's 20 plus 12 now usually on a
weeknight a week I on a school night on
a sunday night i tried to be in bed for
tumblr on me before I drove in bed and
sleep just before 12 because I like to
wake up early since when i'm going to
the gym before start working so that's
my pants mo but anyway i really hope you
guys have enjoyed me dragging today I've
really enjoyed wings there fella have
logged a lot today somewhere out on the
video is gonna be I've really really
really enjoyed it it's been so much fun
and maybe I'll started anymore so if you
want me to do more vlogs give the video
a thumbs up and I will see you with
another video tomorrow alright see that
you guys
