it's not tweezers as pliers I've never
got tweezers on your dainty tweezers
I've did my eyebrows first uh-huh I'm
just going industrial looks look what
the boys got I've got dads that's not
going to work that's going to take my
finger off
so pliers are you kidding me I like this
ring I want to keep the ringer but hey
what I'm still in a very good mood today
because look at this word I I honestly
can't tell you guys how warm it is today
but it's asking a scorcher oh nice makes
me wonder why I do live in UK actually
what it's like this I love it I want to
live anywhere else in fact that's why I
haven't really been away to like LA or
any other places I usually go to in the
year I haven't been anywhere like that
this year purely because when the
weather's like this in UK I think it's
so much nicer here than it is anywhere
else in the world or spend most of
summer in the UK that's why I've got a
lot of cool things lined up in London
and obviously we're going to Glastonbury
next week with Brit and coming down to
Wiltshire for a long time because I just
want to spend the summer here and then
when it gets cold here that's when I'll
bugger off to all the other countries
like and that's the Caribbean saying
reckon I could drop from the truck and I
could like get youtube from the
Caribbean
yeah what a minute yeah before you saw
me do that I'm talking to you an
audience so like one big family because
you can have only yeah I reckon I reckon
if I wasn't a nice one country vlog
every day I become a daily vlogger I
don't think you man do what okay guys is
the tutorial on how to take a ring off
the West Country Way how this is enough
thread so what how's that special tool
because I just read this underneath here
you just get on there you just take that
under there and then put a thread under
ah okay lost of it
this is yeah okay right can you see it
let's see that okay let's go under so
now a light of the song
yeah okay go good yes it's true I used
to do this when I worked in vacay okay
pull that okay guys there we go first
step is complete get a thread huh yeah
and now you get on okay okay on the
bottom we're out 10.7 ah ah ah
it really hurts on the bottom I've to
put on long okay say we got this this
the dental floss through this isn't
going to work is it a nice wrap it was
so painful to wrap it around my finger
and tie the knot keep it feels that my
things in a pot and over that he's not
good planer really closer together yeah
I'm going to come back to it it shows
that my thing isn't explode that well at
least it really come off it does oh my
god this is very painful but it does
feel like it's gonna work oh my god can
you round over oh it really foggy oh my
god don't split my skin she not like the
way oh oh hey hey man yeah
how much line have you got left this is
not I would say price at home but don't
if you haven't got stuck ring and sit in
the ring if you haven't got our Kevin
Austin you rain and don't do it oh
that's so stuck that's not gonna work
that Lincoln no it's not going to work
it's not gonna work this
Donald I know it's not gonna work that
is well and truly start it's always
window cleaner this is gonna work either
Oh No let's go again the cuts and wounds
yeah that's probably not good for me
down oh my god I feel so claustrophobic
oh no people thought it's like cutting
my finger off and I've got Windex in it
now
no no work it's good huh but if I take
it off like this now it will stay quite
Tristram ezel yeah her twisted person as
you put it first of all we rent yeah
just fuck me some beers what call an
ambulance no no no pie my life away yeah
you can just window cleaning up
wincleaner will you don't clean up can
be worse it could be up like a Winnie
ring and it would be in trouble yeah
so doesn't didn't really work I mean you
can see that never coming off me now I'm
feeling good it's fine I'm not worried
at all I'm not worried if you're not
worried let's make it legal it's gone
purple just cut it off think it's abuse
oh I forgot how hot it gets in class
okay why how do I make I forgot thing is
I haven't driven in so long and I
forgotten how everything works in this
car a see it says it's on but it's still
so one I think anything thing wants to
start driving I don't know I forgot how
to drive also how you like my double hat
this is Lewis Lewis mums how I think the
golf at mine but I'm very very late and
obviously I can't vlog and drive at the
same time that's naughty so and I have
already little call mountings Alfie's
o'clock yes what maybe one day I don't
know I might like the heat exhaustion so
let's roll onto my friend's house go to
the gym and do other stuff which I
probably won't blog because I have a
team in long time and I want to shove a
camera in the face yeah oh I did you
went to the food festival a festival
caution food vendors or food festival of
Luis John Oh
again Intel Oh John oh yeah he took a
pull up go Eli click Giada
leave a comment down below for love
comment and it rhymes with your nose and
grumpy Cunningham in the corner in the
shades he burns I've got some mixed mix
veg on my finger jokes were all in the
wall you want charities got use use
attention but he's genuinely using it
for are looking for actual purposes
because you break your leg right
I did both my legs broke chase or
Scottish leg round I don't see any there
yeah ignore the spot he's uh he's broke
his leg you know full-on like snap the
bone in it going come on your leg yeah
no no no not out the leg why don't you
put up the shock pads on the bottom day
like they make you do not remember
that's got too many shock waves through
there because there's metal with what
about the top bit though so why did top
there because apparently I need to
strengthen strengthen my quads is that
he shaping them that's why I should be
doing that
well this strengthens comes a personal
trainer I tell you it'll keep on working
yeah wave to lose any wind strength oh I
plan going on a human hunger moment come
on over my forehead but on the flip is a
few ideas for headed in cream on the
time off in the nose is that is that
from the thing yeah push ahead quick Ted
Ted Ted isn't fuck up I've got some
cooling my eyes see nothing is getting
hooked up that way trying to hold your
hold your side of there in your left
hand and try and drink your cider whilst
we turn it on ready here we go
now what number was that one Jones
try and drink drink try a drink
well I'll send it off really like was
requested like they're doing it
Collins it's hard you can wash I can Oh
oh bloody really see so just put it onto
the videos guys actually Jamie do is
actually painful in it it's horrible
horrible as well as like John is gay
girls an ass Johnny what's the channel
again John Oliver I know you actually
live in Canada what's your actual was
returning searching Jordan Johnson
battlefield you'll find his videos going
to try walking on it it's just gameplay
if you're going to start a YouTube
channel
what would you do it about my knife
roughly rugby reporter you're just about
Jim trap or a travel vlogger would you
ever do if I challenge you to do it with
you do a week of advisor if I challenged
you would you do a week of vlogs at work
and stuff ya know it's funny no it's
really so awkward we've got your camera
I reckon you would so just really mate
that's what I'm doing if I find it
awkward to talk camera I spill my mates
gotta buy off me good price
how much wanna buy it for name your
price I'll tell you name your price and
I'll tell you sold Oh was that the great
off could say they were found under
debit debit Senator Paul I reckon I see
yeah oh yes dear I'm floated on we
already know metric
oh then the car oh it's warm
ah no I'm done I'm done I'm finished
quit quit hahaha new is coming faster
wars are the big game you may be really
nice weather outside wind so I have a
2v2 on FIFA which I was on top let's go
home we'll go home yeah it's too hot
here we gonna be okay I'm on a Volvo
this is first point as well look
Nintendo 64 with four controllers who
and xbox 360's is vintage is fifa16 ever
sold over to nil right there
double-quick every time so the cameras
tend to that left are you are
it's strictly for so write me a Tommy
got get up shorts off tell me go get up
get those shoes off come double or quits
yes one if we lose this next too much
get what naked that's the wrong just
shop shop or driving on every star when
you've seen two teams yeah oh yeah yeah
you actually played very well to my
mostly very proud of us
yeah we did good we always rusting you
boy yeah no grasshopper getting tour is
it that very so it's horrible
call doing what I got a got it got it
got it no it is oh ah display me
it's vitally famous right going out
there still down there Oh
your choice buddy ah and that is how you
do a post in the West Country today
what I'm heading home heading home I'm
going to leave you is Jordan capable
hands with Jordan Johnson he's gonna
block the rest doesn't let me take the
camera but your boy come up hey boo boo
hoo oh wow good to you see you uh yes I
can the car over to dirty Sun and kind
of show you obviously but he is driving
I'm not driving does that be bad some
vlogging can't do that we're off kissing
my Dan cuz I've seen in ages
and then I'm off over to back out to the
place where where I was earlier on the
vlog so there's a barbecue my friend did
get married next week and it kind of is
his second stag do but I think it's like
a second sighting as a lot cooler
couldn't get the first with the first
with in Lanzarote
but I've looked that night I took my
quiet though but yeah it's kind of fun
barbecue had been the weather offices
divine so how to barbecue
right ladies and gentlemen I am now in
bed is coming like or two two in the
morning it's quite late I've been back
here look at my phone catching up on the
latest thing I'm starting to ache from
the gym on today which is not good means
I'm back on the gym hype I haven't
already started feel the ache which is
not good but I had such good times a day
hanging out my mates from back home
honesty is so refreshing to come back
here and just it feels like such a
slower pace of life and such like a more
relaxed place and for me that is like
good anyway I'm going to end the vlog
here if you enjoyed it big thumbs up
subscribe if you haven't already and I
will see you very very soon with under
the block Cheers good night
