no more waste
they'll always be wrong
hello everyone welcome to another weekly
vlog I've just made it to Marrakech and
I need to show you my room first thing
because it's just incredible I feel like
the luckiest girl in the world I've been
quite jammy this morning and I managed
to get an upgrade they must have like
double booked the room or excuse my
parents as well by the way look I always
look so rough after traveling yeah they
must have double-booked to my room and
so they've upgraded me to a superior
suite and I need to show you it it's
incredible so this hotel I'll leave a
link to it down below is all white and
then you come round here and he is my
little like private balcony absolutely
amazing and then we've got a nice view
of the pool as well and then this is my
room
it's absolutely Hugh mungus this room is
like bigger than my entire house look
how big is still got my wardrobe I've
got a nice little window to the outside
area and this bed which i think is like
a double king or something like that
will say look at the ceiling how amazing
is that it's incredible
and then the bathroom
it's very here my shoes asked me Kim
take those off this is the bathroom
again
humongous they even got b-day and a
massive shower as well like I wish you
could see how big this is in comparison
to me I'm like I feel so tiny and not
like I've got the biggest mansion of a
house see ya this is my home for the
next few days I was really naughty
this morning at GT 3 at the airport so
basically one of my best friend's got
Mowbray but recently I said wedding
present from her husband ignore my ex
mok's so bad and I fell in love with
this bag and I did loads of research on
it I was like I need this bag in my life
I thought about it for months and months
and I was like I'm never gonna treat
myself to it
I don't own anything designer like
literally I've never owned anything
designer in my entire life so I was like
I'm never gonna get it but I went past
the mulberry store in Stansted and asked
to see the bag and then I accidentally
fell in love a little bit it's so
crushed though I had to put my suitcase
because I didn't want everyone to see
that I'd treated myself to something but
then also I found another bag and I fell
in love with it so I might have got that
myself as well but I don't want you to
think that I'm changing or like getting
turning into a luxury blogger I'm not at
all like I am High Street through and
through but I have been working really
hard recently and I saved up a lot of
money but I don't treat myself to
anything really apart from food and a
soft clothes so I'm just like I saved up
loads of money like had some money left
over from my wedding that obviously
didn't go ahead and and I'm I've been
saving up for a house and I was just
like I've never bought anything
luxurious I'm just gonna go for it so I
bought something else as well as an
early like gift to myself when I hit a
hundred thousand subscribers so I'm not
gonna open it until that happens if it
never happens that was really sad and
yeah I'll show you me that when I hit
that obviously my xml my chest just
looks horrific I'm hoping the Sun will
kind of sort this out because it's not
attractive right I'm starving I'm gonna
get changed and then go out and grab
some food and then maybe come back here
and go for a swim and have a little bit
of a sunbae that I want to basically
read loads of books and spend some time
in the Sun this holiday so that's what
I'm gonna do I'm literally I'm like oh
my god it's incredible I don't you want
to open it because it's so like perfect
I'm gonna open this up now before I put
it in the safe um oh my god I'm gonna be
too scared to take it out and use it I
think so we did have a discount on it
obviously because it was passed free oh
my god isn't it beautiful
very classic so this is the bag that my
friend had and that I really wanted I
don't even know what it's called I'm not
into designer stuff at all it has a nice
big compartment and a little zip there
as well literally this is like a drawing
you know it's not even a dream because I
never dreamt that I would ever own a
thing like this
Wow Wow Wow and it's got a chain strap
so both beautiful
I buried thank you yeah
Meridian struck me
I don't know what this is but it's near
a hotel and it's beautiful I just love
all this rustic stuff
this is the alleyway we've just left the
craziness that is the souk to come to
our hotel I am gonna go to bed now I'm
exhausted I think it's like 8 o'clock in
the evening focus like 8 o'clock but
it's been such a long day we woke up at
4 o'clock in the morning cuz I flight
was at 7 I tried to lay in the Sun after
dinner but I was just falling asleep but
I just wanted to say that Marrakesh is
so beautiful it's a completely different
way of life and once you come here I
didn't you ever look at life the same
way it's really hard to convey how
beautiful and how much it's going on and
how busy and all the how intense all the
senses are while she'll here just
through pictures or video so I'm trying
my hardest to convey it but people II
I'll get a better sense over the next
few days of just how magical it is here
bed time I can't even keep my eyes open
have ordered a mint tea as room service
which I'm very excited about more and
mint tea is just the best I need to get
some of the Gunpowder I think they use
in it so I can make some of this stuff
at home I wish you could smell this it's
so good right just fresh sweet mint and
you pour it from a height God said it
bubbles
some Moroccan omelette it is some day
today all philosopher bearings already
and we've been some bathing or morning
met a subscriber can you believe it
a girl staying at my hotel who's from
Marrakesh came and said hello I really
should have bought a foundation little
bit darker than my normal skin tone
cause this this is my outfit I'm hoping
it's not too exposed
the shorts are a bit short but I am
covering the rest of my self up we're
gonna go and have a cocktail and just a
nibble to eat I think for lunch and then
come back and chill here some more read
my books good all good we've come to a
cafe and these are juice days it's very
pretty in here hello it's beautiful like
we're in a rainforest
it's very bright they say we've got seep
we've got Moroccan sea french fries I've
got salad got some dates on the side
Lucy's Kate's gonna get to get in your
date
thanks mummy
creig's look at this view
some of the Sun is setting the pool is
blue I can't get over this I am just off
to dinner now with my parents with me
eating at the hotel tonight just staying
in I'm wearing this play suit from in
the style I think I've got my
accessorize bag and new look sandals
first time wearing them out and they're
a little bit uncomfortable also I think
of burnt beneath but the rest of my legs
look fine I love it here so much
so you're beautiful I'm gonna start
reading this as well cuz I'm early for
dinner my vegetarian you could kiss
Philip this vlog so far has been a
little bit rubbish I hope it hasn't I
was just told that I have to leave this
room in the morning I think they're
proper messed up on the weekends here
you know what this place is beautiful
but very unorganized and not great at
service in general which is
disappointing yeah I'm just packing up
my stuff now so annoying I'm only here
for two more nights after me it seems
like wasting half of my holiday to pack
up all my stuff again silly yeah I'm
gonna go to bed now read my book in bed
and I'll see you tomorrow
hello it's quite early in the morning
today I think it's Monday and my dad and
I just had breakfast and now we are
going to try by the supermarket there is
no alcohol
so we're gonna try and find some bottles
of wine for the next few days just in
case
how beautiful like a knock on market
version of the six
we are in the main square now and we're
trying to find some amber in soon we've
actually walked past ten million William
polian I'm Pedro I've had my first drink
in days one day is so hot but it's
amazing here olives
although I smell so good
come to Marrakech and got a burger hello
it's been a really long day today my dad
and I broke up early as you saw to go to
the supermarket to get some booze and
snacks got my favourite ever crisps they
called months too much I've left them in
my parents room and they're like ketchup
flavored so but when I go on holiday I
always get them they seem to have them
everywhere but the UK anyway and then
came back here it has a little chill in
the Sun started reading my book properly
then had a massage which was great it
was a really great massage actually the
pressure was great I just love a hand
massage and a back massage my body aches
so much after a circus so I kind of wish
I had one every week but that's
obviously a big strap again and then I
came back and I came over with a
headache I had a headache as I went into
my massage room and it kind of turned
into a migraine so my parents went for a
couples massage after me I I took some
migraine pills and shut my eyes for
bricks that's the only thing you can do
then I wash my hair because I got really
oily hair after my massage and then we
popped out we went to the Suk's
and had lots of we went like three
different bars for drinks and and had a
really nice dinner on a roof terrace as
well I had a burger I was just fancying
carbs I haven't really eaten much today
I had a really small breakfast and then
a couple of crisps and then nothing so I
was like shaking I was so hungry but
needed all the carbs I'm back home now
I've moved rims as well halfway through
the day it's been such a long day so
yeah this room is smaller but it feels a
lot more cozy which I quite like I think
I'm gonna have a really good sleep
tonight the bathroom is a bit bigger as
well and so I'm gonna go and wash my
feet in the b-day because wearing
sandals and walking around in the Suk's
makes me feeling a little bit dirty in
fact I might just have a proper shower
before bed get ready for bed properly
and then I might watch a film in bed or
read more of my book and then I'm gonna
get some sleep and then tomorrow's my
last fall day I feel like I haven't
really had a proper chance to relax on
this holiday yet because
I'm not here for very long and each day
I'm just counting down the days till
have to leave so I feel like I haven't
really been able to like let my hair
down properly but it has been really
nice to kind of soak up the Sun I feel
like I've got a tan it doesn't look like
it but this is quite this is quite good
for me so I'm gonna just sunbathing more
tomorrow and then a friend of a friend
is currently working in my fish at the
moment she's doing aerial and a place
called Buddha bar so I take my parents
there tomorrow night so we can see some
of her doing some aerial silks I think
it's gonna be quite late one and my
flight is really early as well but it
should be nice to do something a little
bit different so if this book has been
rubbish so far it's hard to look when
you're on a holiday because it's either
just like laying around or exploring and
then also America she's so busy it's
like I don't want to thrust at the
camera in people's faces like the locals
faces when they're just getting on their
day to day life I don't want to be
intrusive but it's been really good
thank you I've got my first wet my very
first expresso martini and it's
delicious and a cream or vegetable soup
with this view there you go one each now
you go I love you very much
you know temerity is stuck on the heavy
guy
commotion appears my it's just about
time
trust in the system to fire
it's a memory
the Hammond
truck hisses Dubai
anyway palliative of your car is the my
supper visual law you never ever get my
lord
do anyway
I am hime today has been so long but I'm
so happy to be home I'm not gonna lie I
was in a proper panic yesterday because
I was really worrying about my flight by
myself and the person next to me being
sick I didn't mention this but on the
Dom that airplane there to the holiday
so many people were sick I didn't see
any but and I heard people talking about
it something threw up on themselves
before the plane even took off I don't
my brain doesn't even understand how
that is possible and then I fell asleep
on the flight and wake up as an air
hostess was passing a sick bag over my
head to someone else in front of me so
it was just a bit of a fail a man
fainted on the airplane as well it
wasn't even like it wasn't turbulent or
anything but everyone seemed to be ill
and fainting so after that I was like
the person next to me on this flight
home is going to be sick and I'm gonna
be by myself so I had like the sense of
doom for the past two days just worrying
about that but it was fine when I got on
the plane I just said to the air
hostesses that and I had a bit of a I've
got a phobia and that I might have a
panic attack basically so I'm so stupid
and dramatic but I got my mind just
doesn't work in the right way in when it
comes to that and then the man that was
sitting next to me on the flight I asked
him if he gets motion sickness and he
didn't talk a word of English I was just
like this is great it's literally I had
I put a jumper over my head so I
couldn't see anything I had music up
full blast and I literally just shut my
eyes the whole way there yeah I was
really worried but it was fine
thankfully absolutely fine but now I'm
home I've been home for just under an
hour already working back at work
editing my weekly vlog I think it's
gonna go up late because there's over an
hour of footage and Ivania - 13 minutes
so far but I haven't eaten yet really
today either
so I grabbed a cross on pie no chocolate
thing at the airport in Marrakech and I
didn't really sit on the plane because I
didn't want it to make other people fall
sick stupid so neat it now looks like
this
just made my first cup of tea as well it
was all so lovely to come home to a
clean bedroom floor
hello everyone it's Thursday today my
first full day back at home I'm quite
angry it's 2 o'clock and I haven't
filmed yet I want to film another EBA
video today to go live on Sunday but I'm
just trying to get tickets for this
theatre performance with punch-drunk the
CT kits keep like messing up the website
so I've been trying for hours now to get
tickets and it's not happening I really
need to film I'm just about to have some
lunch I ordered like a wagamama takeaway
last night not wagamama do something
completely different something just
local and I got myself some sushi for
lunch today so that's what I'm about to
have hopefully get some tickets in a
minute and then I can get to filming
I've also been doing loads of Bill stuff
like working out my bills and trying to
get my life back in order and his
routine
stressing me out oh I hate I hate
numbers I just filmed a video it took me
a long time excited to film all the
cutaways for it I feel I don't know I'm
in a weird mood today I think it's best
day back from holiday and I'm just like
what's happening don't clean right your
headstone at the moment but and I'm
going to work with my friend tomorrow
again we're gonna just sit in a like a
cafe or a pub all day and work so I can
edit Sunday's video then and then
hopefully it'll inspire me to get more
back on track working with someone else
as well I'm taking my new baby out for
the first time tonight and I'm a little
bit nervous about it I love it so much
that I don't want to take it out in case
I get mugged or like it gets ruined but
my sister's coming around now and we're
going to theatre tonight to see Ben
Whishaw
for the final time in he's playing
against the young Meador theatre and but
also going for tapas beforehand at the
place where I went for dinner with my
mum a couple of looks ago I got myself a
magnet from Marrakech
add to my magnet collection this year I
started getting magnet for every piece
I've been to say so this year so far
I've been to Paris Barcelona and
Transylvania we've got a lot of
Transylvania ones because we're
different paces and then these are from
last year when I went to Croatia but now
we can add to the Marrakech one I'm
really happy with that
look how cool it looks more okay and
it's like one of the doors to one of the
rehabs and it matches kind of like the
metallic themed kind of pizza my sister
is now here and she bought me the
caustic oh she's the best sister in the
world
this is a couple of our meals we've got
tapas at a place called thyme and lemon
in an Upper Street meatballs put some
chicken bread and tomato bruschetta
we've also got ham crickets courgette
flowers and attacked us proud hey guys
welcome to you I had a breakfast this
morning I went
some of the iris and highlighted and
eyebrow khmer of great loving me
but we believe our friend elderflower
and Rosie very game
we have just been sent some whiskey bees
and half a pint of Guinness okay okay
the latest things with fit ordered is
blue ice cream bowl of peas onion rings
no idea where that is and a bowl of
chilies interesting web spoons low I
also ordered us some chips and chickens
as well so we're stuck right now and
we've got some raspberry sambuca and
Finance and we also got given to natural
and we gave the ladies
next hey everyone April well sorry I did
in the brook last night I got
accidentally a little bit tipsy after
being at the web spoons all day so I got
home which tray to bed at like 9:30 is
very early but it was great so I was
exhausted I'm just getting ready to go
out now to go meet my sister and her
boyfriend we're gonna go to the cinema
we're gonna see a film called wind river
I think it's like a thriller with
Elizabeth Orson in it and then we'll go
and eat as well so it should be a nice
Saturday just chilled I've just been at
home all morning getting Torres video
ready and like lazing around the house
I've started watching dr. Foster from
the beginning because a new series has
come out and it's currently on iPlayer
and I think the first series is also a
Netflix so if you haven't seen it yet go
and watch that yeah I just finished the
first series this morning so I can start
the second when I get home today taking
my bag out again love it so much like my
favorite thing
I had slot number 89 I am home now with
my little bear who I'm a little bit
worried about at the moment I feel like
she's lost a little bit of weight and
she preferred just doesn't seem as
pristine as it normally is so I'm
worried about her but I'm sure should we
find it soon I mean you're gonna be okay
man didn't want to do without you love
her so much I honestly don't know what I
do I am gonna end this weekly vlog here
because I feel like it's been a bit
rubbish one because I've been away
haven't been able to like propagate into
the zone but in next week I will be back
at home or week logging everyday in more
depth and more detail so I hope you
subscribe and I hope to see you in the
comments section of this video
and meaneth hey we'll see you next week
bye
