hey guys happy Monday and welcome back
to my channel today I've got a few
things booked in so I thought I would
take the camera along with me I was
supposed to have my PT session at 9
o'clock this morning so I've got up at 6
o'clock because of that however my
personal trainers just called me and
said that he's going to move until later
because his trains have been cancelled
I'm happy I always go up at this time
anyway and I love Mondays because I have
like a new week new girls new challenges
just about like some breakfast I've got
a dentist appointment at 12 to get my
next invisaligns done I'm meeting my
friend Julia at I think about half one
we're going to a place called boarding
Hollingsworth and never be before but I
heard it's absolutely stunning location
so I can't wait to go and eat there
about Maine
we've got duck eggs and some salmon
cameras click on something there we go
we've got coconut oil spinach and a
little lemon to squeeze over the top I'm
going to get on with cooking now because
not actually the best of cooks so me
trying to cook while took known as is
disaster I probably said the house on
fire probably head to the shops and try
and pick up a few bits because I've got
some shoots this week and then I'm going
to the dentist for 12 o'clock
I only managed to get like 25 minutes
and shop again because now richness
Filipinos as well managed to pick some
bits up top man which I'll show you
later when I get back home yeah I didn't
get a chance to try with 9000 picking
bits ups and throwing it in a bag rarely
but yeah I didn't manage to get the
trainer's because somebody see any
trainers I actually liked than a while I
sometimes obviously different seasons
stuff it's different
yeah that wasn't actually anything I
really like that much but yeah sorry I'm
at breath just literally rushing to the
I got some nice jackets and a nice shirt
I really really like and it up spending
about 400 pounds on a few things from
top cement and a wide these are the two
lovely people that put up with me every
two weeks and yeah what they do is they
shove things in my mouth so I can't talk
and I'm like and they just tell me and
call me whatever they want but yeah I'm
gonna sit down now and get on with it
because their brother - works - and I'm
taking up all the time
okay so had my new invisaligns fitted so
if I sound like a plonker that is the
reason why I'm just walking to the
restaurant now I've just got off the
tube and found out it's a ten minute
walk so we're done turned horrendous
you're like Doris American tsunami or
wherever is called thunderstorm remember
what it was Doris the storms back but AB
yeah another thing anyone else excited
as I am to watch the new Power Rangers
movie it's literally as a kid I was
brought up with this movie watching it
every single week TV series and stuff
movies coming out a car literally way to
watch it but I kind of like we're all
watching it so I feel like to watch the
movie but let me know in the comments
box below if that's me being sad or if
you'd watch it as well
anyway I'm starving and it's raining my
hands are so I'm gonna put the camera
away
those cameras arrived we've got the two
lovely couple here with me
Indians Brent no you should've find my
guys - hola their argument again I'm
gonna go put the knife just close by the
way guys is absolutely insane very
pluggable his the bar
I mean I currently look a little bit
like a handful of girls and because of
these bloody lights in the gym I made it
here on time Jules
as I said earlier cancelled this morning
to these frames and then I've been
rushing around the day supporting it
down the road so the like shit but I
made it here on time
here we go smoke again and yeah I'm
training Ches today I'm not going to
show you what to do it today because I
already showed you that yesterday's
video yeah I check him when I'm done
just got back from the gym and I feel
like today has been a very hectic day
it's been rushing around from one place
to the next obviously my personal
trainer changing the time this morning
kind of through all my times off guard
so when I went for lunch I had to
literally dash to the gym so I didn't
really do much filming them because I
was nearly late for my PT session so
I've got back I've just literally just
put my comfy clothes on whacked a face
mask on which I use it's this is what I
use I use two of like two different
products there's a white one and then
there's also this one by glam glow so
you just put it on with a brush and then
you peel it off after and it's really
really good this is a great great brand
face mask so um yeah if you like face
masks like me and definitely check them
out but yeah I just wanted to run
through quickly before I kind of close
off this video what i bought in shopping
earlier now i didn't really get much
chance to do a lot of shopping because
as i said i got into town late and i had
to rush off to my dentist appointment so
I only managed to get into top man but I
did still manage to buy quite a lot
while I was in there so I got this
jacket first of all which is from lost
youth which is a brand that sold like
inside of top man it's like a jacket and
it's got some really cool patterns on it
and it's like a suede as well so yeah it
was really really nice and this is 140
pounds for that man like I've got an
obsession at the moment with kind of
like like jock you can call him job
jackets like kind of baseball jackets so
I bought a red one recently from Levi's
but I bought this one today from Topman
which is grey
his Lexington on it and you've got like
the cream arms as well so yeah I'm in
love with this this was fifty quid to
perform top man as well and then like
I've got a really big thing about shirts
going over t-shirts at the moment don't
know if it kind of because Springs come
in and it's quite a comfy thing to wear
and it's not too warm but probably will
get a little bit cold if you don't wear
a jacket but actually prefer to be
colder than to warm and but I bought
another kind of shirt you probably see
me recently wearing quite a lot of
shirts over t-shirts and I quite like
stripes so yeah I bought this over shirt
striped shirt I just said shirt again
but then you've got buttons down the
middle oh that's nice that was 35 pounds
then I bought which I really really
liked but they didn't really have my
size so I'm going to try and make this
work but I bought this kind of two-piece
so you've got these they're like smart
trousers but they're like jogger
trousers so I bought these with this
kind of like texture and then I bought
the jacket or the top as well so it's
like a two-piece again with that texture
so I bought them and then I felt this I
tried it on with this t-shirt and it
went really really well with this kind
of like tucked in to the trousers so
altogether I think tee shirt was 18
which is really good because I really
actually like the t-shirt and then a the
top was 65 and then the bottoms were 35
so 60 70 80 90 under like a 118 pounds
like that so yeah they didn't have it in
my size the only 30 regular and I'm
normally like a 28 especially when
they're like chokers as well you can't
put a belt around but I'm going to try
and make it work anyway but yeah that's
what I bought from shopping I'm going to
close up this video now thanks all for
watching I hope you enjoying these vlogs
if you are don't forget to give me a
thumbs up if you're not already
subscribed don't forget to subscribe and
we'll be putting like a little button
right there so you can click on it and
yeah I hope you enjoyed and I'll see you
my next to go
