it's a new day it's a new dawn it's a
new life and I'm feeling good ba ba ba
ba ba ba good morning good morning to
you it is Monday the 26th of June it is
not so hot that I feel like I'm you know
at the center of the earth today it's
going to be a sunny 24 degrees which
having cope with after the school run
its temple date I am up and dressed on
batteries and work it's a bloody great
start to the day a friend of mine called
Kelly you might have seen her my vlogs
and stuff before works in a school
designed for young people who have extra
needs or special needs and creative
school and some of them apparently or
come to the channel so to meet some of
them today and so I'm going to go in
today probably not really appropriate to
film that kind of thing because I don't
know what the school policies are all
policies with and young people turning
their children that teenager so what
would you call about young people and so
that is what I'm doing now for the
morning for committee we offices um
y'all old throw-in in dress today a
black t-shirt where the Becky burn and
this necklace which I wanted aged about
this for a million years and a very slew
skirt feel very nice
how was it feeling very good so had a
little lay down and then our choir and
then I woke up and loads of texts from
Charlotte saying I need to get some book
signed
because Bonnie are we going to send a
courier for then like now and I've got
so panicked that I downed an entire cat
person that's a good idea
never wanted down at cap reason and not
a bit sick and now she said to worry
about the curio come tomorrow so now I'm
just a bit disorientated and I don't a
cat person having a bit
of assault out with like my laundry and
whatnot because tomorrow today that we
stop no it's already launching in there
in the thing like let's put your pillow
while I get sorted I'm really proud of
dusty I gave her a washbucket we're
moving to house this is such like mum
chatting on as we move the stinking cat
food well yeah when we move in
I like right time you have your own wash
basket or before I then it will pull her
I need to get my mother forever when
what out my mom my brushes just picked
up food and she's doing all this stuff
away nicely which are really resist
about and so want me to comment but
always Korea and this is funny because
so many people say to me a lot really
has a real conscious about my and you
make me feel real good about it because
you just don't care and the truth is I
do care
I do have feelings you know I'm quite
cooked about the body you most of the
time but like anybody certain things can
really get me down and finding pregnancy
that and so if you know me I'm like I'm
a chubby personally weights not I don't
have a medical problem or like slow
active service worker ears or anything I
just like consume more calories burn so
I'm just
chubby and with her to reach chubby
commenting like wobbly soft to me and I
always am long term but like truth be
told it was probably the for under baby
and then it really helps but I just work
really really hard to tune up and and
normally with posterizing like suck it
in and like it's less land like left so
that my tips now though because I'm
three looks president the baby has
pushed out a bit but not loads because
three months in the massive but push out
all the wobbly bit are
I don't know I think just a change from
40 shape is making me just more aware of
how I look somehow particularly how
close look on me I'm going to comment
like amazing like to safe and like not
in a non-si way but it really got to me
into step wise in the cupboard and I was
like doing this that's been like 40
positions as shown outside with my arms
and like my like waist as there I
suddenly was blue god I'm showing the
vlog like all I am saying and I just
didn't feel good about that just then I
thought I was focused this is like fresh
water was gone in today and not if you
have left your washing so I two or three
days shit
now it's not like I'm going to wash it
all over again stories my life and what
happened to go off on to like to reform
it all right sighs I can't imagine so
I'm the only person that feels that way
it up your body so yes for the people
that say let me feel good about myself
well some sometimes I don't feel very
good about myself
look dude today I don't anyway I shut
the door because I don't like to ask you
today
like that anyway I need to put the body
MOT tonight like I'm going to do a
facial and just let my hair out a bit
like five you know those pictures were
like really seductive top knots and like
hey guys
I've done a carp not today a messy bun
from you and shave my legs like lick my
eyebrows and what was that we're doing
training we've got strength in this a
little bit pour it in there a little
okay it's the right and mind okay so
then shut the tray that's it
and then this person here is the on
button you turn that on today's machine
won't start working when you've got all
these options so we have got a mix which
means different types of clothes used to
finish I see the light when the light
gets to this line that's when yes
correct
so if you need to spin it up gently 20
is moved yeah they keep going yeah it
gets all the way to the light gets here
two more or more they go and then this
means go that's it you just done the
laundry for us today
good job doodle eye five not even
staying overnight I've got so many
outfit changes today in London I'm
having to bring a food cake I'm going to
London today because it is book launch
day which no is not it's like party yes
like launch party day but not actual
book launch day and we're doing a lot of
promotional use for you to take see
what's next lytic and we're doing a lot
of promotional things like I'm a
Facebook live from Mumsnet and also
innuendo bingo which I'm excited to do
but I just get spatter all over last
time I'm on right setting yeah last time
I just got spat all over and too polite
to spike to spit on them I just don't
like speaking and it's not as bitter but
there we are that's the aim of the game
is to spit all over
not difficult owl to like round might
show up something because yeah I'm going
to take a small towel because you just
anyway you by the time it goes out that
would have gone out but I think they
might have it on there like I tale or
something like that if you want to watch
would be spat all over by dirty horrible
boys now you can call a taxi and get
going this is the setup we are filming
or let me just show the points to inform
the mum yes are and we're doing Facebook
lines and this is my little setup it's
much more professional than my setup at
home mirror the BBC to do innuendo bingo
mummy
Louise problems I'm ready for this is
Charlotte
my hankie BBC Radio with the lights in
the ball because the funky
there's no expense add so sir
given me the flag rabbit cha-cha house
would you Charlie Charlie you're not a
charlie
here we go let's let's let's whack it on
the in effect good good and then would a
decent little arm yeah adult fashion
develop such a fuss about Gonzales
no no partly you can take some tips
going on innuendo bingo to talk about
birds but I've come prepared books that
I would fit in my hair so fashioned
myself a hand
and this really stylish dress and then
if anyone spits on me it won't get in me
too much I've also got myself a towel
I'm ready this time I am ready I'm going
to fit all over on spit in his eyes
Chris duck bit in your eye this is the
greatest moment of my Baba Baba Baba I'm
being picked up to go to Bonilla ahead
of the launch in like 10 minutes
I can't do my dress up this is my dress
I can't I cannot do it I'll be honest
that jump code because I've got out of
breath just talking to you then because
the sleeves on this I would look a bit
annoying so I'm not used to having
fluffy sleeves but otherwise I feel
confident or is it a nice light yes
green grab this and send it to me mmm I
really excited for tonight actually
Liam's coming a couple of my friends are
coming lots of people that I just love
like the article work friends but are
just my actual friends are coming all of
Bonnie will be there is it clean we'll
be there from re looking forward to it
I'm a little bit nervous about the
speech though because at that booktuber
speech I did I went into great detail
about the shingles I got once and go
ending the book so tonight
no give me one in a book less to no talk
about shingles although I do love to
talk about that shingles at time I think
the dress makes a karma to come to the
mirror I'll show you what I mean let's
take a moment to be real here on a
bigger woman anyway and I don't know if
this dress is showing the pregnancy or
just like I've got a Wibbly tell me
anyway but this is more with more
sticking out than normal but look
there's this which I don't know like am
i pregnant in my ass as well
well the wrong I'm tiny bit struggling
with this actually it's not like me to
feel super body conscious because
usually I have that like deluge or
mechanics I can grin it all the time
lately just because I've always just
changing ever so slightly I'm just not
used to exactly how it is and I was
feeling a little bit like but not bad or
down but conscious like very aware of
what I look like and what my like
stomach and hips look like and having
actually gained weight in pregnancy I
gained a bit of weight before pregnancy
so the last year I think and came to it
betting I'm so happy and I mean just
having a happy point in my life so I'm
not you know I think sometimes getting
it quickly happy and it was aware of
that and feeling that conscious of it
but now
now's the worse time ever to try and go
on like some crazy diet so I think I'm
just going to us like get over it and
think to myself I'm building a human I'm
building a perfect gorgeous little human
and not worry about it from the time I
self got to go now because then it will
be party time party teach I tell you
what they're gusted I can't have any of
those cocktails at the party I my little
sister
just mingling and mingling I got six
rows of copies to go Michael
Oh
your head great Maggie would simply do
the speech where she forgot the name of
the middle she's probably writing them I
know she might take the semester some
time to before the keys I didn't move
down all the key people actually Ellie
who a is an excellent editor what would
be could God puts up a lot of extra
there's not really any editing we men
and when it come to have a lot of time
and listen to a lot of things that are
out there I'm Solomon doesn't want to
learn but she knows Emily on my favorite
memory of you is when you've sat by
various people in a patio check that our
chair holding my cat very connected go
to at any point first man Sarah Muhammad
Sarah you have never seen a woman more
excitement because you're pretty
oh my god Chuck Snickers quick really
cool love down
good morning a clocks illness to freshen
up and I put them houses put in the wash
we made it your bed haven't you hello
hello little cuddle together a little
brother cuddle instead gorgeous
I'm going to melting humans now for my
Milton Keynes book signing a little bit
nervous bastards don't really know why
chicks are always so good and never know
why for never wearing this dress
that's quite wintry but quite cold today
and yeah I don't like ham prepared and
some laundry and I have been to crime
art wasn't very rebirths which I'll do a
haul off at now vintage was again to
meet some of you lovely lot this mother
- oh yeah my REO what is this look a
little people
now what we this is Becky who has filmed
the signing of accept my card ran out of
space so I didn't get it it doesn't
matter now the jokes gone but you were
great and this is actually friends
what's your name Jonas Jody and actually
a snorted during she did it like that no
no no I wasn't I didn't think that I
just bet fine but yeah thank you so much
for coming I appreciate this
good morning it's Friday I was supposed
to be going to see my grandma's day
she's really not in a good way and I'm
just getting some scissors part of this
wall to cut this because it's hardly
laughs you know when he's going to cut
it down to beauty anyway it's not in a
good way
and she's declined my visit so I'm not
sure what you did I think probably like
house one of the commissioners
everywhere the mask but leave and I are
going to go for a pub lunch shortly
because I'm really craving a very
specific soup that looks like country
pub near a third so we're going to go to
that I don't know if I'm speaking
differently but I've gone deaf in this
air this morning so I quite actually
fully hear myself um hopefully that goes
though gonna be doing a live video later
and I don't want to be like constantly
worrying about like hearing sound anyway
that's your update this morning just
what Liam drives me to the pub in a new
car
I know
hmm look little secret indoor outdoor
garden area he devastated stop serving
food go somewhere else
carlins welcomes up that I know not a
real problem in the grand scheme of
life's problems and welcome to another
personal the Fox amount which would go
to quite a lot of the car or shows you
both at the pub over there and names
gone into these they're still serving to
it got to like three o'clock now half
three I know it's not a real problem but
I really really wanted that seat but I
rang up to all sorts of the day was
favorite and we are so just all those
not-real honestly I want to like put my
fist through a wall and so angry really
wanted that too and this pod doesn't do
the same thing and I can hear must work
long I can't hear without some definite
fucking it okay here we go
other sad thing what's the soup
come out to the car walking it with pay
there's a terrible experience to come
here quite often the socks in half and
half the road company Qalat and usually
we enjoy it but today is terrible this
stuff we're all like shouting and
singing Scooby Doo and we're just sort
of what you want when you're not like in
the mood for that kind of thing and we
having a very serious discussion about
some things though he went to pay
because I didn't come to our table to
come and get payment follow still like
that just go pay ourselves and when the
cocky I look like I'm going to go to the
car because I'm that person that if they
thank me how was it all happy the one
that were like not that great so car
before him disappoint King hey way I
said hey I'll be good I'm sure we're
home and there's a parcel for me a
mystery castle thought we could open it
together so that all of today isn't just
me moaning about my first world problems
like not the right soup what I think is
this right cut the first of which is
that happy belated birthday
happy for my just rages and keeps
forgetting to bring it today we pushing
you very happy birthday hope you have a
rest of our happy day and see everything
everything you wish for especially a
massive mashup best are lots of those
early enable - funny is it smell fat
nothing
oh hello what's over my buck
my lovely Barack can't get over those
Shearson it all Kim you're happy
publication day as never learn Oh
horrid so nice I'll be saving LP of a
good personalized champagne for me save
that for January for bon biscuit by all
pie bloody phase the lush this is
luscious you can tell efficient manner
oh oh
cancel the lovely cheers we have great
women who changed the world lies in the
whole dollar me thanks Ellie and
everyone at Bonnie a sadly lovely wow I
was quite a look um been a long day
today I've basically been in a shitty
shitty earth mood all day and the
highlights of my day were that package
from Ellie Ambani it's so nice and my
friend Esther red she's like half way
through while at me already and she text
message without that we talked about it
event it's realized that she was like so
invested like and then what happened and
what about this and what about this
which is lovely I also ordered pizza
which is a surf on a sixer we've had in
this house which is thrilling to me now
I'm going to watch orange is the new
black and nod off as always I don't know
how much would you film this week you
think okay but about it that was a big
yawn and I'm ending the night in my bra
my lovely sexless my sexiest one this
color my nudie flesh color bra and I
feel okay I feel good actually I think
I'm the all I can hear in the say now I
can hear on my ear I think I needed to
just like to have a grumpy day sounds
comfy day and I did so I will leave it
here about anything else to say
no no follow I might love you all a lot
write something nice in the comments
tell me what has been the highlight of
your week so start the comment with
highlight of my week has been and then
I'll know that you got to the very end
and that'll be nice and if you see
anyone else who's done the highlight of
my week to has been give it a thumbs up
or a comment if you've got time and
because that's really nice for everybody
alrighty lots of stuff bye
