good morning everybody happy Monday this
week is a very busy week very busy
especially in 147 things world so Monday
Tuesday Wednesday I am in a recording
studio recording the audio book which is
really cool
so if you if you don't want to read the
book and you want to just listen to it
you'll be hearing my own voice the thing
is bit nervous because I've only been in
a recording studio twice before once was
for the YouTube boy band thing which is
it kind of just a bit of fun so fine the
other time was when I did the
documentary for BBC and actually is
quite hard you have to kind of obviously
you're reading and I'm not great at
reading I'm really good writing not so
good at reading so you have to read but
also read in a certain way and you have
to really take your time and talk very
slowly and clearly
about three days to do the entire book
and I'm just not sure that's gonna be
long enough I can add more days in if I
need to but I don't have free time
anyway so I'm gonna go to the recording
should go now three days straight of
doing that and then Thursday is a kind
of a book relief day I'm not doing any
books up that day Friday and going to
the printers to see the book actually
get printed which is super exciting so I
think rather miss being a daily vlogger
it's gonna just kind of be snippets of
stuff you know so um yeah let's get book
II think three make the most of planet
Earth it's only gonna be around from
I've done it already
thing three make the most of planet
Earth it's only going to exist for about
billion more years so far so good it's
really hard like it takes a lot of
mental capacity to stop see when you
read out loud you're just breathing out
loud when you're reading out loud would
like all that emphasis and making like
it all comes violet is quite tricky and
by having a bit bright a quick break if
I've been in there for what like an hour
maybe bit longer yeah yeah because every
now but you your your brain use up a lot
of power it's good it's good I keep
there are some lines that you get stuck
on that to repeat them and if it's
refreshed rating but quite enjoying it
it's that's really nice to bring my own
book to life because I forgot my mom's
red bits today I'm when she reads out
loud I might know Matthew voice messed
up a bit there interests a bit on like
this so the people who are listening to
it will actually kind of I guess hear it
the way that I heard it my hip and I
wrote it
well I am utterly exhausted it is now
Wednesday evening
so yesterday I was in the studio
recording lots and lots of the book we
didn't get the color we had half a day
yesterday because I've got there at
10:00 and then 11:00 I had an hour long
interview with Emma Gannon who has a
podcaster is also an author and is very
very lovely a mood we were recording
bonus content so at the end of the
audiobook you have that interview too so
if we recorded that and then I had to
leave at 4:00 rather than six because I
had to get to the GQ Awards which were a
GQ Men of the euro was which was your
last night so I ended up having three
hours less that I would have done which
is kind of annoying so today I've been
in there all day and I was working from
10:00 till 6:00 you can't really do any
more than that because your brain just
shuts off for the last hour and a half I
wasn't doing so well because you're it's
so hard to maintain concentration all
that time so I started to kind of mess
up a bit more you know anyway I have to
go back tomorrow afternoon to to finish
off so yeah I haven't filmed anything
partly because I forgot my camera both
yesterday and today because I can say my
hate to be everywhere but also it's not
really much to show you I've just been
sat in that room the entire time sort of
talking to a microphone but the people
are lovely and it is really cool it is
really nicely make my words come to life
but it isn't it isn't easy that's for
sure
good morning everybody so I believe
today is Thursday I want to say I'm
getting my jazel confused now so I think
I've told you already that I'm going
back into the recording studio this
afternoon but this morning it's a very
busy is very busy morning so I'm working
with Jaguar Land Rover
in a minute when I find her I'm supposed
to babe I was so lost right now I'm
doing a talk with with Jaguar this
morning and they're showing after that
I'm doing a thing with Land Rover I'm
taking over there and Instagram stories
that there's the basically the same
company so you know that's why I'm doing
it together then I have a meeting and an
interview then I go back to the
recording studio then I am going to an
event tonight because Dylan Jones who's
the editor of GQ and like it just total
legend has released a book about David
Bowie and because he's a friend of mine
them because I work with him I going to
support him so yeah big day today
just turn around supposed to be though
I've got dropped off at Waitrose that's
not my so today maybe it's in here I
don't know we're trying to find Millie
she's been texting again I'm here and
I'm where you are though so I'm gonna
see if I can find out oh I see some cars
this must be it there's cars in there
I found them civilization I'm zooming in
there they are all right guys
thank God I found you I was gonna starve
to death I'm actually now back where I
left you I finished everything I did not
get a chance to film it was really
hectic so play straight in and did my
panel thing and after that I was doing
this cam take over for Lando but every
time I put my phone down to stop feeling
something I had an interview with TV
thing that I'm into the radio thing and
yes time flew by but what's really cool
basically at the concert behind it is
Jaguar Land Rover tech fest the concept
behind this one was technology with
heart and there's some amazing things
they're doing but they've made a special
car with a face all technology they have
that
go place that making no other car cabs
are drone on top it's called the product
hero basically is used by the Austrian
Red Cross so if someone goes missing out
on a mountain or something SM the drone
office in the car or this is really
amazing to see that the technology they
have can really make up like a massive
difference so in this figure they're
making use a lot and really recycling
all of that stuff to make surfboards
it's very cool and I have a lot of
respect in doing it anyway I'm starving
now please go get food I'm back in the
recording studio and guess what I've
just finished and we plowed through it
so I had I forget how many pages I had
left yesterday I did quite a lot today I
didn't have loads left but we allowed
like basically I'm an hour early because
we just in a really good mood and so
excited to nearly get it finished that
we playoff through it
big shout out to the team and they've
got Leo and we've got Daisy who have
been that every step of the way very
patient very excellent you can't hear
them right now exactly press a button to
talk but yeah I finished it it's so cool
please go into it because it's my own
work it's my own word in my own voice
it's really cool so yeah if you get a
chance and you maybe you're driving or
you're cooking or something and you
can't use your hands and your eyes cuz
you need them for something else listen
to me yeah the books bloody brilliant I
have to say I'm so happy with it and I
can't wait for you to kind of get you
out your eyes on it or your ears on it
morning everybody is Friday and thank
all those fried eggs I'm really
exhausted it's been a long week I am
where are my guys Chatham trapped
Chatham Chatham which is like hour and a
half two hours outside of London I've
come to a place called CPI books it's
look and this is where my book gets
printed which is very exciting so as of
today I finished everything for the book
and the book just exists so I've done
the the audio recording and that's been
edited and done its thing so that back
it's all I've done on Monday and then
the book starts getting printed today
and that's it I have nothing to do then
until I start going on tour and book
signing and stuff so yeah hopefully I am
sold today though with any luck I'll be
able to hold the first ever copy in my
hands I haven't seen a copy of the book
accident actually exists so exciting
let's go in there and
and get my hard hat and try to wear a
hard hat we think hope I wear a hard hat
I wanted my ready before I really
embraced this moment okay we bought to a
room with biscuits and stuff while have
least been set up and I've been given
what here is the cover which is actually
thinner than I thought but I guess it
gets printed onto cardboard I don't know
why I just had it in my head that it's
going to be like a real thick cardboard
and here is the sleeve and how amazing
is it you can see the blue really sort
of popping on there I love it I'm so
excited
we're a little way out so we're gonna be
about 15 minutes and then we go to a
tour of the entire place to see books
being printed think in about an hour's
time they're gonna see mine get bound
was it was no it was cats or something I
don't know how it all works but
essentially as you can see there's like
one upside down one right way one upside
down then it's slice so we're gonna see
that and as you'll get down and stuff we
now and there's paper so you see those
big reels there right so see what
happens is it starts here so the long
hair the photo paper tiger into this
room here right the paper then goes art
for the long salvaged under the floor
along here it goes to this bit and this
bit here is what's called the plane
which is basically aluminium and then it
goes up there and the plane prints with
the ink that goes out there puts the
actual in content of paper which then
goes along the top along here it comes
out the other end where it's actually
got the printing on it as you can see
hey then goes along here and goes around
this corner as well Wow
it goes like this never ends blimey okay
and then we end up here wow this is this
morning's of my book by the way about
laughter I'm on a different machine
somebody else's book
mr. my book I don't know why they're in
their thing like this I'm assuming
that's how it all works
look that's all in the human brain
there's thing 75 oh my god so it was all
things 75 and 49 that's so cool so here
we have a hundred and forty seven things
this is kind of the early stages of the
the case being made there's so many of
them please buy the book many being
making it but look that's so cool so
this is kind of that leave that sort the
under you'd be undercover I suppose
start fighting my poor guy just pick one
up it showed me my wife threw in there
like
we pass the battery
my book knowing all this all this
going up and down and
around here being trimmed of it here's a
bit neater and then this highlights
through looks wild over each other
mega spice and half here you see that
and then you end up with sulla
come through here
you got one up one down below
Billy's fascinating don't get too close
you know stuff done
this is so cool in here we have the
knife chopping all the edges off it's so
sharp
a couple of first would you mind holding
it for me because like the different
page roll all those other things the
people who filled in my finger oh my god
it's so exciting and next goes on the
cover that's all I'm going to show you
some of my covers they're here you know
the books are kind of being put with
with color the hardcover but are the
actual cover you're going to see they go
over this way along here sorry down this
place here
where this chap is doing so he covers
again so that's it there and then
t-80 coming there are some coming I'll
here come with you the pickle of you
for it
this
down there how biggest lude onto it oh
my god that's the book that's the book
that's the book
that's amazing look now they're being
piled up look watch this one
and then they get all packing stuff like
that
that's so cool I'm back in the office
now everybody and it is five plus five
in the evening and I'm gonna end this
video here because I got back from the
printers and have her straight to an
interview with Times magazine about the
book which is quite cool quite hard
though because they were it's an hour
long and they're asking that really sort
of big questions I did it and now I feel
good actually because it's Friday and
I've had a really busy week I'm actually
gonna clock off in like half an hour and
then me and I are gonna go for dinner
and then we're gonna go and see a play
Cat on a Hot Tin Roof Cat on a Hot Tin
Roof not Ruth because you spent dinner I
do know a few roofs but there's no Hot
Tin Roof diner and then I am going to
see my friend because she's going to New
York soon it's having like a leaving
party and that is the evening so thanks
so much watching video I hope you
enjoyed it and also who like I'll put
links to all the book stuff like the
tour and sign copies if you want one you
should totally get one because it's
really good and I'll see you very soon
like
