good morning guys today is Monday and
I'm sooo tired I feel like I've lost my
voice I'm so type V Festival was
incredible I actually need to take my
bands off but this morning we're going
to a breakfast meeting with my jakers
which will be so nice already I'm
wearing this jacket which I love I
bought it from misguided it's all fleecy
and it's pretty cozy it's the perfect
thing to wear and also its customers
with heart on it it's very easy from
Disney descendants and then I think
we're gonna just pop boots and develop
our disposable camera from the weekend
because we took so many funny pictures
so we're gonna do that and then going to
come back do some work go for a swim
morning
so we haven't actually managed to talk
much this week I don't know if you can
hear in my voice I have been so ill and
so is Lucy I think it might have been V
Festival but I'm trying to kind of get
over this sore throat and cold so we
haven't really had much to kind of
update one but this morning we just got
some of our Pio book stuff delivered so
we thought we'd do like a pure box haul
so this is everything that we're going
to go through we have is like Christmas
this is so exciting we've got two big
royal mailboxes and then we've got I
think they're like Rimmel products down
there the first thing is this from can
you stop eating
ichigo-san somewhere else started go
ahead get these cheesy crease of life
for me this looks incredible
are you four yolks and anything look at
that these would be so good forget the
look videos look at that blue and look
at the packaging as well so it's that
much Eunice oh that's lovely and then we
have a purple one pull the pack ones
very sorry oh yeah I've always wanted to
do that again look video if you guys
would like to see us recreate it's an
old music video but if you'd like to see
us recreate Selena Gomez love you like a
love song last no because this palette
Oh would be perfect I mean those
eyeshadows are incredible so I'm really
excited to try these thank you so much
you know Jacob face now time for going
through this one like open presents at
Christmas
yeah oh my gosh I champagne Thank You
Kara
we were running so low on dry shampoo
won't we solo just found some benefit
products Thank You benefit and a gimme
brow in oh one I was riding solo on this
you're right it's good and we feel so
lucky that we get
gifted and gets them so many amazing
perks from brands and I've brands that
we've loved for years and so crazy
- yeah I you know they just want to show
you guys quickly Maybelline I'm
basically set up their whole shop look
at this I mean a lot that brat she
fallen in the band but how amazing is
that person say that's Lucci a super
drug firm and I love these lipsticks so
good color sensational oh my gosh look
through them I had a meeting with coatsy
the other day after Rimmel and Max
Factor and Sally Hansen and also some of
our favorite existing rural products so
this is the Sun shimmer self tan lotion
so it got some fake tan if you want to
see any tutorials like drugstore
tutorials or drugstore get it looks let
us know because we have got quite a few
drugstore products now and then we've
got some face product what's this sculpt
bronze that's really some kiss
highlighter I'm not forgetting our
favorite waiting up concealer so loads
of the new Rimmel stay matte liquid lip
colors we also have a cupboard there
which it will fill of products for
giveaways and for our friends and family
so anything that we don't actually use
ourselves we give to friends and family
I'm also saving a lot of products in
there for a giveaway so if you want us
to do a good way let us know because we
will give some of our products we also
have kindly pins then some of the new
nina ricci fragrances as you guys know
we love these fragrances and I'm gonna
smell these thank you for a wonderful
limited edition I for the biggest bite
on the bottom of my face so itchy
nothing now that we've wrapped so come
on Luna so if I
Nina you know I'll see I'm so noona yeah
oh ha ha also got some products sent
from beauty pie and a lovely supply
products they do like amazing
highlighters and buy shadow models so I
love those oh my gosh I'm actually
losing my voice it's a little coverage
formula or new concealers lovely given
also comes with an eye mask
I love Ania I love and I'm asked for a
fight how much does that stand corrector
you know what these would be really good
as well
like um contouring like cream contouring
also we went to lunch or for any other
domain gave us this and this is
exclusive to John Lewis I think it
called the back to cool palette
eyeshadow palette scar I which is the
smokey mascara and then you get the
bronzing jus oh oh my gosh I have an T
go in there I used to love Antigua which
looks like that
I used to wear this color all the time
when I use working Hansa Fraser should
highlight sir got some by Terry products
and I remember covering years ago I
remember Tanya talking about by terry
products and I always always wanted to
try them look how incredible that is oh
well that would be amazing
we also got some products from Stila and
I love see the products easier and I
have got one of the it's one I'm
thinking about one of these the glitter
eyeshadow cream eyeshadows and we have
it in like the rose gold change it's
amazing I think it might have some more
me Lydia love a glittery eyeshadow so
these over the topic that I shall it
looks so good I can't wait to drive
these and then we also got sent loads
and loads of final lashes and also these
ones these are the texture one one seven
lashes and they also come with a corner
ones and you can actually use these
lashes more than once because they are
such good quality so
definitely smashes and they are also in
the drugstore so good you guys who do
want to see a giveaway please do not so
because there are so many things that we
know you guys would absolutely love we
are prints develops from our disposable
camera from V fair so once you show you
some of these pictures this one of Klaus
Lucy Perry and me well I love our eyes
that you took that but you're not even
in it and I love how you're holding a
concealer this is of Matt Lloyd me
eating our meatballs I could be that so
badly right now that is the best food
yeah I love that picture doing what for
it's a space war camera they are
actually so good I'm not sure what
actually love them yeah we need to do
more like that Lusine clothes and the
last one is of me and Claud how cute is
that
oh I love them so much so I think the
rest of the day is just an editing day
kind of a chill day I feel like I feel
like because I feel so um well I think I
maybe just gonna stay over computer desk
edit some videos I need to edit Sunday's
video and also our weekly vlog and I
also need to color corrector which is
gonna take forever and then yeah just
kind of a workday I feel like this could
be really boring for you guys but yes
sometimes work has just got to be done
we were gonna do a drama Thursday
tonight and then go for drinks at the
Sanderson but I just feel too unwell I
feel like I can't
I'm sorry well I can't even dance but
normally I really should have no energy
I normally even when I'm taking editing
breaks I'm up dancing but no not today
what day is it 8:00 Friday another day
where I'm not feeling much better to be
honest but because it's such a lovely
day we've decided that we're going to
come out of the house get some fresh air
go for some nice food and meet back the
best actually try and feel better yeah
because I'm not getting any better
we got to go to Brixton which is quite
near us actually look how cute this
little outfit is a member of Ryland feel
like I'm in my pajamas
that's so comfortable so Mimi has been
exploring cameras and now we've just
been trying to find some really cool
walls to take some pictures actually
it's been going quite well we have ready
so much because we're trying to save the
factory hopefully we can find cool
places hey we're gonna go back to a wall
that we've taking pictures at once
before that's like blue which will go
great on the insta so we're just taking
some pictures in Camden and came all the
way here from Brixton which is south to
Canada which is north for this wall and
on the ward is said the thicky look
Never Sleeps and it was the coolest wall
in London never found a rule I care we
went to find it today and they painted
over it so can't find a new wall but
that was little cause forever we're now
done with photos and we're going to go
home so this morning Lucy and I are just
actually heading to the chapel in
Islington to get our hair done it's in
it colours and also a trim as well and
then we've got a Rimmel event later
which will take you guys on with us and
then we're going back home for four or
five days
I can't wait comedy Harley best hot
chocolates in the whole world
at the chapel without image people down
ready tackle done okay transformation
right now my hair colored I'm just
having a little bit of a color refresh
and breaking up kind of a light tones
and the dark tones in my head I'm just
gonna chill out with my magazines and
then yeah I'll show you what it looks
like when we're finished well in love in
the chapel it's so relaxing no one in
here as well so just arrived in our
rooms actually I have my own room which
is incredible and then we have these
products from Rimmel down here so this
is their new eyeshadows and then the
mascara the wonderfully real and then I
don't know whether you guys saw but
Lydia on her Instagram we did some work
with remor where we did a video for
their stay matte lipsticks and we love
doing that video it's a really fun this
is my room very cozy
and we've also got rebel biscuits here
which is so cute and then this is the
bathroom there's me this is the shower
it's actually got a steam out in the
hotel I don't know whether to explain
what we're doing so basically we're
heading to Rimmel's event tonight which
is in the Curtin hotel in church which
is lovely I just had my hair done
as you can see yeah what do you guys
think do you like do you love how she
looks or dark room camera than what it
doesn't realize it's dark as that this
is my hair quite a bit shorter than what
I'm used to but I like how short it is
to the back and I also had lots of
blonde put through the bottom because my
hair went really really dull after I had
the purple I've said before this book
that we got given and you look how
incredible Rita Ora looks this is what
I'm wearing tonight I'm wearing this
little coordinate piece from River
Island which I have instagrams or leave
it down below if I can I think it's
still in stock then I've just left my
hair how they did it the hairdresser's
and then this is what I'm wearing this
place suit from River Island I work for
the benefit of n but it's quite cute oh
no jewelry the one thing I've got to
pack hoop earrings we love hoop earring
so wave I feel like who theories really
finish off a look
and leucemia if they do make your hair
look better but I just feel like my hair
would be complete with some hoops pop it
out
Lydia keeps using my phone wasting all
my battery because she says I'm got the
phone it's getting on my nerves I've got
to admit she's actually got outfit that
she can sew your phone down what I have
found out people tell her tweeter
Lydia sort your phone out straight line
where she walks backwards part from its
reverse she's not actually walking
backward so this is my room oh it's
lovely
oh it's so nice I can't wait to sleep in
this bed tonight so we are back and I'm
back in my room I'd such a lovely
evening I'm just about to take my makeup
off I mean my winging it jumper how cute
is that we've got to get up super early
tomorrow because I have the dentist I
really I really hope it don't just put
three pair before 7:00 so I would not
have makeup on tomorrow but anyway I
will see you soon good night everyone
