good morning everyone today this
Thursday and it's quite early I woke up
at 7 this morning which is quite early
for me I've got quite an exciting day
today so I thought I would vlog well
it's not that much going on but I've got
something cool happening this afternoon
first I'm heading into town quite early
meeting and then this afternoon I've got
a photo shoot with copperfield I told
you both me and Anna are going to start
working with copper steel which is an
amazing charity so I'm definitely gonna
bring you guys along to that they've
told us wear dark trousers so I have to
like find my black jeans from winter
these are the ones that have like little
tassels of Awesome but oh my god they're
so tight they're like absolutely
suffocating me I haven't won black jeans
since the winter they've told us to wear
black shoes I don't really have that
many black shoes so I'm going to wear
these which I think look a little bit
weird with the ruffles but it's gonna
have to go with it I'm assuming because
they told us just to wear black trousers
that they're going to give us a t-shirt
to wear or something but I have no idea
I hate not knowing I've just done my
makeup I'm hoping it goes with whatever
I'm wearing and because I'm up so early
I get to walk to the station with rich
which would be really nice okay as usual
I'm half an hour early to the meeting
and I just got a text from the others
saying that they're running late so I'm
going to pop the corn in the street
because I got sent one of the new Estee
Lauder Double Wear nude foundations in
the wrong shade and they said I can go
into the store Carnaby Street and much
to the right shade and take one there
he's like a really nice like lightweight
foundation so I definitely want to find
my correct shade you've always only like
Spanish that Farsi warm so he may think
I'm really dark
calcium's so I'm going to head there now
she hopes to be open I don't know okay
scrap that idea it doesn't open till
10:00
silly me think it'd be open at 9:00 I'm
so annoyed my hair I said so long curly
my heads malignant until you dropped out
it's pretty much straight now I don't
know how anyone gets ready for a shoot
and turns ups actually looking good I'm
going to go inside meeting now so I'll
catch up with you guys when I'm done
okay meeting done and now on the tube I
mean my hair is looking worse than ever
I really hope that the one there with
straighteners or something and I'm
heading to London Bridge for photoshoot
with fulfil we have like 15 minutes we
have to be there but I would get really
tiny they're gonna be food at both the
shoots and I'm going to be like the
tannery poseur
so coming three on my honor and I got
this finger up and fries and go to Mary
do some breakfast either
so I've seen one of these before but
look a genius wet umbrella push down and
out
fuck that be
all right okay oh my god I wanted my
hair like a madman broken I just met a
lovely viewer and Leon he told me that I
kind of set her boyfriends a long story
but basically she thinks that he
wouldn't have met he hadn't been waiting
for me at her shoes for that event ended
long story but sure lovely we're now
going to meet the team thank you sorry
but they're going to give us a little
talk and tell us about cup of Fiona
beeping to do a photo we're in this
studio it's very fancy and dark we just
passed one of the rooms and they're
definitely recording some kind of like
porn audio book it was very funny but we
just had a talk from one of the three
beds who gave us bit more background on
the chassis and about her personal
experience I'm going to wait till I get
home
tell you guys everything you need to
know if I despite us what you're a bit
confused don't worry when I get home I'm
going to properly tell you about
everything about the charity and our
involvement but we're just getting our
hair and makeup done so that we can take
some photos and do some filming and is
first up in the makeup chair really
nooks ropes a meal is really made by
biiian
yeah it's like a little matte lip balm
so you've got the glossy one now she
loves there are some cool little
t-shirts over here I love this boo boo
boos before anyone else we're in our
boob ninja t-shirt ready to take some
photos Anna it was right I know wards
are perfect right because it I knew we
were going to be doing and I believe
so I were I would exciting pink I'm
pleasantly surprised lovely Banerjee's
if you discuss by are
we need more than crops and wishes for
us to make it through the night to only
weather where we are or to make it
through the night orders knives all the
pride
my love you have to roll
seven
this is the booth balaclava you've never
looked better
I feel basic mental they're down here
all our wounds and so I am back home now
after such a fun afternoon with everyone
from Copperfield I didn't really know
what to expect during that shoot I knew
there would be lots of like boobage but
I didn't really know what we had to do
in basing had suits and photos and we
did a little video clip as well for a
video they're putting together for like
end of August September but we also had
a little chat from one of their boo bit
the boo bet is someone who is affected
by who have been affected by breast
cancer in somewhere whether they've had
it or they've had a big scare or they've
taken my preventative measures from
getting breast cancer they've got like a
little team of blue bets you like around
schools and stuff giving talks so we had
one of those first we already knew quite
a lot about the charity but we wanted to
learn more and Copperfield reached out
to me a few months ago I'd heard of the
charity I've seen like Carly and a few
other people be involved with them I
kind of knew what it was about
but when they reached out to me they
also sent me a documentary to watch the
documentary was on itv2 I think quite a
few years ago and I'm going to link it
down below because it's the most amazing
thing I've ever watched and it really
explains the whole backstory to the
charity so well please don't like fast
forward this part of the vlog because
it's so important for me to be able to
talk to you guys about what I'm getting
involved in and why there is absolutely
no reason stop watching now I think it's
quite ignorant so I closed itself off
from it so no matter if you are a boy or
you think some reason that this topic
won't affect you or doesn't involve you
in some way don't be silly
please keep watching I'm not going to be
too long but I really wanted to talk to
you about coppaFeel and everything that
they do the charity was founded by a
really lovely lady called Chris who is
about my age I think maybe copper years
older than me I feel like I don't want
to tell his story because the
documentary tells it so well but in
short like massively short she got
diagnosed with breast cancer
at Stage four it didn't get diagnosed
properly and she basically caught it
really late Chris was only 23 when she
got diagnosed with breast cancer and I
think there's a big misconception over
age and Oh breast cancer
affects women over 15 as we start having
that mammograms and staff and it's just
not always the case so it's important
for the charity and for myself to be
educating younger girls as well on
checking their boobs like you to start
checking from the minute you have boobs
really so she's now living with cancer
and having treatment she's been having
treatment for a long time so I'm going
to put a lot of licks down below so you
can read up on Christmas story but she
started coppaFeel
as a way to prevent what happened to her
happening to other women and men the
idea is to educate people especially
young people on how to check your boobs
because I think crazily it's just
something we don't do and I think it's
all about shifting the power and taking
responsibility away from doctors to kind
of identify it for you it just isn't
something it's going to happen you know
when you go to doctors you don't show
them your boobs so it's about giving you
the power to check yourself and look out
for anything that's different or
changing it's such an amazing charity
because it's all about kind of being fun
and taking away this taboo or talking
about boobs and feeling boobs and the
words nipples and things which people
tend to get embarrassed about I think
I've been I don't know why but I've been
quite good over the years at checking my
boobs this is like the first time I've
ever thought about it but there's
definitely been a lot more information
I've learned since working with Cox feel
or other things to look out for I think
you kind of think am I just looking for
a lump I think a lot of one of the big
problems as well as a lot of people
think like oh this doesn't concern me
because I don't have breast cancer in my
family or I'm a guy or I've got like
hardly any boobs anywhere my boobs are
small and it's just there's so many like
misconceptions even guys can get breast
cancers less common I think about 400
men a year get breast cancer so it
applies to men as well even though it's
less common I asked I like talk on my
hands as I'm sorry this is a really
stupid question but are you more likely
to get breast cancers we've got bigger
boobs if there's like more breast tissue
there and they're like no actually not
you can have really small boobs you can
have really big boobs it's all kind of
the same risk so this is important for
everyone and copperfield are there to
teach you how to check your boobs to
know what to do is to know when to do
and help remind you to do it it can be
quite a scary thought having to check
because you feel like you're checking
something terrible but I feel like if
you change your mindset you
like checking to see if you've got
cancer you're just kind of getting to
know your boobs a bit better because the
better you know them the easier will be
to identify if anything does change it's
not just about feeling your boobs for
any kind of lumps and bumps it's also
about like looking at yourself in the
mirror and getting to know what's normal
for you if you have one boob bigger than
the other if you have inverted nipples
if you have really big nipples are
really small nipples it doesn't matter
it's just what normal to you it's the
changes I think that matters and I'm
getting involved with charity so I can
talk more openly about it it's just not
something to be embarrassed about
half the population has boobs it's just
crazy to think that as humans we can be
embarrassed by boobs cockatiel have some
great information online on what you're
checking for so whether it's lumps or
like dimpling or discharge from the
nipple there's different things kind of
look out for they also kind of show you
where to check for it's not just your
boobs that kind of goes your breast
tissue goes all the way up to here it
goes under your arm and they've given me
some little stickers I can put in my
shower to remind myself to do it because
that's where I like to check my boobs
when I'm in the shower for some shower
gel on it's just kind of easier and
slippery you check your boobs whenever
you like to check your boobs is I think
it's advised to do it like once a month
so you can stick these little stickers
in your shower they also have a little
kind of text reminder you can sign up to
which I think is genius I will get my
own little codes I can share with you
guys at some point online but today I
just want to share with you their
generic code so if you text boob it to
seven zero three zero zero then you'll
get a text every month to remind you
just check your boobs and I think
they're quite funny in a quite witty and
it's such an easy way to remember to do
it there's just no excuse not to check
it takes like five minutes I think the
point is also to give you the confidence
that if you do see something that's a
bit irregular or you're not sure it's a
bit different to what you're used to
going to your GP have the confidence to
know your own body and to know
something's wrong and show them and talk
to them about your concerns
you know your body best and I think that
kind of the whole point I'm really
excited to be working officially with
coppaFeel now I am a digital boob ninja
which means that whenever I feel it's
appropriate I'm going to be talking to
you guys about checking your boobs and
hopefully helping them with like events
and all different kinds of like
kivett II I still work with Lucas feel
better and I select the charities go
really nicely hand-in-hand both amazing
charities I feel so passionate about you
guys know I go to get my moles checked
regularly I know that it can be scary
but once you just get into the rhythm
like I go what's the intership I'm old
and I'm going to check my boobs once a
month it's just something that's part of
your routine if you have like any
questions or concerns I mean you can
leave a comment I'm not sure if I'm the
best person to answer them but coppaFeel
have so much information on their
website speak to your GP just get used
to feeling comfortable talking about
your boobs you'd have to show them to
anyone just show them to yourself okay I
feel like I should stop talking about
boobs now but I feel so passionate about
it I'm really excited to be working with
this charity rich is away for a couple
of days so I'm home alone which I hate
being home alone I was going to invite
my friend over tonight to watch loved
Island but then I thought I need to get
used to being home alone you know I'm
growing up maybe Circe can't be scared
to be home alone so I bought myself some
fresh pasta I'm going to make myself a
nice dinner I'm going to watch the love
Island it's still only like quarter to
four I think I woke up so early this
day's just feel so long I've been
getting some work done for the past
three hours I think I'm actually sitting
at my dining table which has been really
nice it's just a bit more like light and
airy in here sometimes afar my office a
bit I don't know I haven't got the best
vibe and I'm not really sure why I think
it's just because it's like where it is
in the flat bit more at the back which
is nice and it's hot but I don't know
sometimes I'm not feeling it so I just
sat at the table done some work and I
think I might like prep dinner I'm not
sure we'll find that hungry it's just so
weird that like rich isn't coming back
after like to no one to talk to and
you're home alone I mean luckily I'm
vlogging because then I'm actually
talking but otherwise I'd just be silent
with my own thoughts very weird I don't
know how to live alone for dinner I am
going to make this is actually a recipe
which I've put in a video a long time
ago which was like the Valentine's
threeways it's a really cringe video I
got to make fresh tagliatelle from
Sainsbury's there's like a local
Sainsbury's near me they didn't have
much choice really but I thought fresh
pasta would be nice and this doesn't
make you feel all exploded and then I've
got cool jet and parmesan and I've got
some chilies as well when I've got
garlic here so I'm going to do is grate
the courgette and you basically cooked
garlic up with the chilli add the grated
courgette and then you
the end you add grated Parmesan it's
just a really nice like a bit of a
different sauce because it's mainly
courgette there's like 18 with a little
bit more healthier lots of veg in there
although it is a pasture but looking
forward to watching Long Island tonight
I can't believe it's nearly over final
is on Monday night and me and I are
going to be out at press event it's such
a disaster I loved it so much I just
like I just think it's been so great
Sarris any of you that haven't been
watching it's been really annoyed by
everyone's tweets but it's just
brilliant
okay Joe made far too much but it smells
delicious pick up with suckin watching
love Island with a cup of tea and a box
of medjool dates living the life right
love Ireland was great of course it was
the talent show night and it was
brilliant I've been watching TV and also
planning my friends hen it's in like a
week's time and there's quite a lot to
do I think if you guys interested in me
talking about like how to plan a hen
this is my second one they've both been
like quite intense I could maybe share
some tips in a video but it would be
quite like an each video a hen for those
of you're bored of the bachelorette
party I don't know it's too nice but let
me know if you'd be interested in some
kind of video talking about planning the
hen party I'm going to take my makeup
off and I'm going to head to bed and
watch some YouTube videos it's like half
11:00 but I feel quite awake again it's
public as rich isn't here I think if I
watch them in videos in bed that'll
probably make me sleepy
to check in for those clothes you're not
means I'm tired okay good
I'm gonna go thanks so much for watching
this vlog I'll be back again with
another video on Sunday hopefully so as
usual don't forget to subscribe if
you're not seeing my videos in your
subscription box but she should be you
can always click the little bell and to
get a notification of my videos go live
otherwise just follow me on like
Instagram or Twitter and stuff I always
promote my videos on that I hope you've
all had a good week so far and I'll see
you in my next video bye
