good morning guys it is a new day it is
Sears birthday though and we are going
off to brunch with Tila Riley Ava and
Adam Tina and Ralph downstairs right now
but we have a whole bunch of gifts down
there for her so let's go wish Ciara
happy birthday birthday the birthday
girl you might change yeah thank you
we're meeting up with Ava and Adam for
brunch yes this is the outfit I decided
on actually last-minute wanted to do
this but I'm like too late to change now
so this'll do go back to our shoot Tila
yes it was so cute and Riley you guys
are matching so you guys are so cute and
who's here who's here look who I ran
into
how weird everyone's here it's like a
surprise you know
I love you love you guys
Oh
like you
yeah
cake cake cake thanks Alex's parents
okay well those are mine okay it's time
for her to open my gift okay she's
opening my kit
I also saw Versace and it's snow so
portable it wasn't as good as the beach
it sounds like ugly
her personal smells that one she didn't
put that in the back he's too big so she
robber it smells really good
right
oh and she's always right
I'm more excited bout the card I'm gonna
be real because the card is like hit the
envelope look at the envelope I got
really lucky guys at the bar yeah
neither was my insides
I mean we ran into which all worked out
popular first champagne bottle ever
adulting 24 yeah so do that don't even
that mean but yeah
so he meant towards that way there you
go that was like perfect nothing came
out to but is two days later he's
Tuesday and I'm just editing a little
video thing and watching some videos and
rock and its own and now thank you so
much for watching this vlog guys left
birthday
you gotta give birth in also my pups and
my parents are here so it's been pretty
fun the last few days we love again and
we'll see you next week not see her
peace
