today I've started it yeah haven't even
say good morning oh no good morning guys
good morning good morning we are
currently in the car if you can already
tell and we're off to go and pick up a
good friend of ours I'm gonna head just
got the shower and just left it so spit
all over the place just don't judge me
don't judge me okay
we are off to go and pick up Leon
busting one of the lien machines he was
working in London this morning had a
meeting like 8:00 a.m. till 9:00 a.m.
then he doesn't have another meet until
5:00 and I just rang him and I was like
yo if you're only an hour away just jump
on the train to point in common hang
with us for the day then go back for
five of your meeting so that is exactly
what we're doing we're going to pick up
from the train station now and I haven't
even had breakfast yet
so we need to get some food I had a
Easter nest did you as I made some
Eastern s which is basically if you
don't know what that is
you get is it we wait what Sharia jet
shredded-wheat
show you to wait so did we melt
chocolate just like Cadbury bar or
something in like one of the glass dish
things and they're quivery so it's good
I think so yeah melting one of them and
then you just put it in the thing and it
looks like a chocolate mess and they put
mini eggs in it yeah and there's like a
pop and a strobe light little eggs in it
it's tasty I'll show you what we go if
you still want left right
I hope he's waiting indoors I did tell
him to like wait by the outdoors part
but I I hoped that he he would know not
to wait outside
it is raining a ton also something so
exciting arrived this morning at the
house I need to show you guys because I
know you're gonna be excited where is he
there he is with his big pimp jacket on
here he is
yeah there is he's got a pimp jacket
it's got a pimp jacket real it's not
real are you doing good mate it's lucky
that I was born a reptile because I'm
bloody soaked thanks to you definitely
kids happening lunch is here
yeah this is the one so this it though
that's that's the medium one this year
is like ghost chili this will kill you
I'll get that one there
it's gonna be sweating now oh he's
regretting it already we'll come to a
place called head to head yeah is it
she's sure you know is it today
I'm picked up my camera since Leon left
in fact I don't even know if I picked up
my camera since we were in the cafe
basically I just got stuck in a ton of
Skype meetings and phone calls and
conferences and now just updated my
daily blog and markers wife why you guys
laughing is he speaking to us though
speaking to the camera how are you doing
is this your suitcase no every time
Martin comes he brings it's so much
stuff please wait how many nights use
then one or two nights - two nights
girls gonna say if that's one night just
for that and you've got this is what is
one of them for the food yeah yeah I
want to see if it's heavy weight oh it's
not too bad actually you did drive up to
be fair yeah you didn't have to lug it
on like this every day
groping up anything's like oh that's
just my bottles of water that I've
brought with me I'll let mark go boy
yeah we've got and we've got a tap it
works really well
it's just during the night if I get a
bit parched and not Donal my clogs the
bonnet have you seen Lisa so when you're
when you're in bed at night honestly you
can use one of these you get the tap and
you put water you put water in there and
then you can just drink it when you're
in bed it's really handy
yeah there's a tap in the ensuite yeah
yes a tap do we go out then we're gonna
go rock climbing
it was Zoe's idea I don't know what I
don't know what happened she woke up
this morning I really want sorry to come
have even before no but she climbed
about going too bad did were you like
physically climbing like the Hamas's no
you did it I did what mountain will you
Fleming cry me like Kilimanjaro no one
of them in Malaysia as you do
Yacouba neck yeah he's gonna be like
wait this little squatty war will enjoy
from straight up there hey bright should
we get going
go on those got hands in the starting
position she's come for a yellow and
black
oh my god
physical good yeah yeah gone spider go
Zoe's up trying to blue and white one
that ends all the way up there but she's
a little bit scared of heights yeah yes
she's killing it gone you need me there
yeah
Jesus look at that no it's not going you
can do it gone for your next hand up
no going you've got the hit you've got
this no get back up there that was so
good yeah boy you were
yeah yeah my arms and dying my forearms
like here oh my gosh
Zoey's going smashing this dark green
one here starting over here it's all low
but really long although around there
how are your arms feeling akin going you
got this nearly there
that's the end both hands on this one
yeah yeah
Mark's going for the black and yellow
yeah black I'm ping is tiny
it's time to go did you enjoy that is it
fun our arms are going to eight tomorrow
especially you guys
I've only been twice before but my arms
after the first time here like my
forearm it's just yeah you're gonna
eight tomorrow
this is the biggest eminence I'm nervous
in my life right we've come straight to
MLS to get some food we need to do are
we doing a weekly shop like a coffee
shop just the next couple of days okay
I'm planning all our meals for the next
couple of nights look what I've spotted
my girlfriend hello Zoe can you buy me
this one for Easter yeah it literally
look at it pick it up that one just nuts
yeah it looks a bit moldy there's like a
nut like I want a bowl on a chocolate
bowl please Wow that would fit you look
that is big crazy but it's 40 pounds
look at that that is amazing
do you need any more water just in case
you need some OSHA sleep
oh that is fancy water thank you oh my
god two pounds oh it's the best from
Spain when I got three pounds a bottle
should we get one should we get one of
the blue ones they look really nice do
you know what I think it probably tastes
like what yeah shut up
what oh let's just buy the blooming
thing come on put it in there give me
piggy even we've got some dinner
we've got pizzas got garlic bread we've
got little garlicky mushrooms that are
super garlicky and then I've gotten for
some some pestering Salman oh won't you
bringing me piggy no no no
oh you sit in gonna bring piggy back
good girl all right I think it's time we
try this you ready
I'll let you know it tastes like I kind
of I'm a little disappointed that it's
plastic I thought it was glass this is
like a million dollar water well
actually it was two pounds but I mean I
mean two pounds is a lot of money for
water women Eric look at the little
fancy logo on it
la it looks like a vodka don't don't go
home what color is it gonna be
let's place our bets I reckon see Frollo
damn it i won
well I don't get too cocky yeah all
right we're we're wait if you have you
wet your whistle it's no good it's true
huh what is the best nut is it actually
any good I mean it tastes it just tastes
like normal water well is it more wet
than normal water
all right Blumenau don't chug it all
it's actually really nice but it doesn't
taste any different does it not oh yeah
here we go
James man oh my god
you look different my god my skin is
just got so clear Wow my engine being
serious it taste quite soft whoo laughs
without nails soft so in the mouth not
down the throat when it on my tongue it
feels quite soft know all these innuendo
yeah all my time it feels like I'm being
serious
I'm Gua mineral me a war a Guam mineral
a gum in a wall hmm nice and soft sharp
sharp sharp sharp down the throat it
raises no hope you're not a racist that
very seriously nice it's very nice
tastes like what we just paid two bounds
for some we're gonna just turn my tap
right should watch some TV yeah also I
need to be this point it's cold it's
nice it is very nice it for water it is
good life it takes the difference
between Volvic and Evian yeah I reckon
ever really tried I do genuinely feel
I've been serious that is really soft
but I wouldn't pay two pounds from every
time there's a video online with the
to challenge where you have to guess
which I guess much brandalynn coming in
shooter yet trailer yeah
alright guys I am tucked up in bed my
camera battery is gonna do doot doot
doot doot so it's going to run at any
second
I've got a couple of things to clear up
with you everyone who's asking yesterday
where is Zoey's thing gone are you
breaking up because her makeup unit is
gone no no she's just moved it upstairs
you guys man anything happens with Zoe
and I and everyone thinks were broken up
she's literally just moved her makeup
thing because it's a couple lot of room
upstairs I think this camera battery is
gonna work but um yeah I would say nope
not break it up she literally just moved
her makeup unit upstairs don't mean that
we're not breaking up that you're just
moving your makeup unit upstairs yeah we
just thought it looked better with some
like a chair there instead or like a
summer sport clothes instead of it it
mean just make up when she could do that
obsessed so that is number one number
two I didn't even know about until today
tons of you have been asking online
recently where Zoe and I are breaking up
or not and I just I didn't get why you
Alaskan and then mark just asked us
something today that like was so obvious
and he gave it away he was like
everybody thinks online you're breaking
up because you're madame tussauds wax
figures aren't together anymore so they
are what happened is basically because
the wax figures have real human hair
like it sounds weird but they are that
the hair in it is real it's dyed to be
the same color as ours but it is real
human hair and because tons of you guys
go and visit and go and like have
pictures with us and my hair and it one
day is like this the next day is like
this like you guys love to like style
our hair for photos and some like the
One Direction boys are know how to have
like their faces relight touched up all
the time because people kissing them
leaving makeup marks on them and stuff
but anyways it turns out that Zoe's
needed its hair washed as you do so she
got taken out of madame tussauds
attraction how long was it for like
three or four days I don't know I think
so for something like three or four days
her blacks figure got taken away whilst
they were washing it
hair and and tons of people online love
to love to talk about whether that meant
that we were broken up because my finger
was by itself and Zoe's figure was no
longer in the room
no the figure is back in the room and
we're still together I just thought I'd
explained those two things I'm going to
get sleep now I've had such a fun day
did you actually have a good time rock
climbing yeah it was good did you
actually enjoy yeah yeah it was good I'm
glad you enjoy that a1 absorber climbing
for so long as it's my first run with
Max and Shawn and then this morning she
woke up which is I should go rock
climbing tonight I was like of course
I'm not for that so we just yeah next
next persuasion is poppy everybody tweet
poppy telling her that she needs to come
rock climbing I think next time I go I
want to try and go during the day
because although it's it's super busy
like not everybody's climbing on the
walls and stuff but I just didn't want
to vlog there too much because I didn't
want to film other people in the
background like if I'm talking to the
camera you can obviously see behind me
and I didn't want to film a little
people behind me backs any life somebody
doesn't want to be on YouTube and be on
the camera and I didn't want to do that
to them without asking them but there's
so many people there I can't ask
everybody so yeah next to my god I might
go during the day so it's a bit more
quiet so I can vlog properly there I've
had a good day tomorrow morning we're
gonna going to go get breakfast super
early I finally get my sofa being
delivered tomorrow to my office that
I've been waiting for for eight maybe
even nine weeks now I've been waiting
for this sofa to arrive and apparently
it's arriving at 10 a.m. tomorrow so I'm
really excited about that and yeah I
will catch you too my thanks for
watching if you enjoyed the video give
it a big ol thumbs up as usual let's see
how many we can get I used to challenge
you guys to click the thumbs up button
and I don't do that anymore let's see if
we can get 25,000 thumbs up on this
video that is look at my hair that is
your challenge I will catch you tomorrow
good night JJ's went to the toilet and
Mazdas there I just tweeted off of his
to attempt just on the sausage challenge
swallowed an entire sausage hole
