do you have any idea where we're going
so you have no idea what you're good
forgive that few mum now but we're going
somewhere honey we are just going to
taxi when the true meaning the airport
and mommy does no idea what he's doing
feel me no we're not telling you yet I
want to turn now but Hannah's like when
I'm gonna tell her now when can we tell
ma if you see the signs of when together
because I might have just given away
where we're going he said it was a lake
we gave it away
I'm insane okay but just kind of came
out minutes late we do you know how much
details ahead
haha be going with Lauren well you know
maybe a little ground to this should be
politically right here we're sitting
exactly going somewhere yes we are going
to make
so we officially checked in showered
changed and I have to show you the view
from our room a Grand Hotel Tremezzo
and there's only sit properly look how
beautiful there's a screen everywhere
and it smells so good I can hit the buzz
going to give you a little mini room
tour this is our ear monitors already
for the department a beautiful the bed
is through here we have the closet full
of clothes and then this is the
beautiful beautiful bathroom and love it
so gorgeous look at that mirror there oh
so pretty
and how many Beauty girls can we fit in
one bus it's like 90 makeup bags for
like three days
going and exploring a hotel looks so
cute
finally there are three pool somebody
excited see we saw one of the pools from
we came in and I think somewhere around
here is going to be I think there's like
two adults only pool I think this must
be different and then when you walk
through the main lobby this is what you
see look at that and then that's the
other pool right there what do you think
great Riva try to freak mummy out being
like bring shoes you wouldn't mind
getting wet try to make it see that
we're going on some like weird adventure
holiday we're not that Evangeline days
weirdest to sit like you're not
adventure holiday kind of browser and
now mister beautiful just waiting for a
cab we're going to explore an NGO town
thank you do we have to cut out of the
cab well and as you town and it is so
cute I should describe using yes it's
like every bad with me you have a good
Italian accent say that again he acts
like a man thirty seconds getting out
the cab we're already checking out thank
you already checking out the ice cream
yeah we are literally the ultimate
tourists biggest tourist I've ever seen
we've literally made it up this road and
about half an hour because we keep
stopping at everything so the concierge
at our hotel said that we need to go
sister has a shot which I think it's an
open since 1801 and it's
see history in it smells amazing
oh my gosh look at all these pins lemon
chatters alcohol it's like you're
crafting I think it's the crepes maybe
we are coming outside this again thank
you
what cake did you get to LA so what a
key plate oh my gosh here's a Chanel
store now we're going to die
we are approaching that right now right
there we all have an hour and I have
three things on my list that I wonder do
we have come to borrow molar which is
right on the lake and it has all the
beautiful houses mint written it so this
is where we're about to have a little
snack and a drink look so beautiful and
just said if she was going to pick a
place to go to this would not the dress
off but Lake Como would be the place
that she wanted to go to so yeh man idea
or velena if you had to tell someone to
go to one sorry
we have me to really cute houses you can
like sit right on the water she bother
me like that worth living area we did
not love the wall
oh yeah we're doing the lovers left on
the way back it's literally like a
five-minute like trail and it's just
really cute or right on the water now
it's around 7 p.m. I'm gonna head back
to the hotel
what are you doing my sunglasses by the
way and it like I know I did ask I had a
feeling you would like them I really
like them what do you guys think let me
know anyway this is lovers walk back to
the boat but look at the view I'm going
to say that 100 times this video
this could potentially be elbow so we
just met but it would mean that the last
50 minutes early though I hope not we
ran straight to Janelle's whatever I
understand we did not look in time to
sit outside but the view looks beautiful
I'm so sorry I get so much you know so I
showed we are mean my birthday hall if
you have seen Eleanor green else's bag
after carrying it around quite a bit
today it doesn't it looks like I have a
charger in here
sunblock like a mother phone to map blue
stuff that it isn't weighing and not
being able poses like Toby or shoulder
like he basically have to have a hand
for you climb koalas life is so pretty
and I do really like I have never been
so jealous in my life this is amazing
he's already did okay been an hour hop
and I mean fun makeup I actually got out
of my window or not like so anyway the
group in summary go back at Grand Hotel
Paraiso look how beautiful it is all lit
up at night just walked into the room
and there is a present from they said oh
it's an autobiography this is the best
though when hotels leave some sweet
treats on your bed it's just the best it
is time for diet finally you've been up
for so long so see you try good morning
mama
hi look at the beautiful view good
morning we have about half an hour
before we are going on a book tour
so it is time to eat I think I'm going
to go inside and get some let's grab
things
I ate so much for yesterday I'm liking
all that move oh my gosh look at all
these different types of honey
the same so this sign is damn oh my god
I want to take this home with me in this
side is all honey I didn't know
chestnuts even had happening Wow
see whoa can we just take a moment for
my bag of the day cloning and see it in
all its beauty right now there you go
now you can see it better
it is most beautiful bag I think I've
ever worn in my life and it's so me with
the jewels and the sparkles and the
prettiness my mom just told me off for
not showing you the back so this is the
back I got it recently so I will pop a
link down below did everyone see well I
don't know Hannah woke me up this
morning she was like those it's 9:00 and
I literally jumped out of better but he
were here we had a pretty good night
now I'm just waiting for some smoked
salmon because I have like bad eggs
think I can see someone waiting right
across the hotel for us my workplaces
are going to go and explore some towns
nearby onea changed it changed a lot
probably change five times for an
average day we are with Luca Bellagio
water limousines they and look the best
so beautiful and this is our hotel we
are all on the boat and recurrence
what is the cause when you take away the
stuff on about speed dropping C building
I don't know goodbye grandpa tantrum
Enzo we are apparently going to see
beautiful view
like super excited we have seen the
Richard Branson house
they like on us today
or insulation it is so
anywhere like this place we're now on
the coast of lndia of looking and spying
on some different houses this is real
number one just two beautiful car needs
owned by a banker from London with Iran
in the village yeah
so the idea is over there and according
to because our 22 little villages around
Hannah's vlog take over take us around
we've lost our mum yeah fine hair
amongst the heat amongst the tourists
she's definitely buying some stuff
yesterday we had to control her didn't
recruit today she went off her owned by
big without being filled up do you have
any schools from villages so far you
always ask me Michael a man in the spot
and we've only just got a hand so tell
me some gripping sort of you see
everything I'll give you very few sound
and I think you should say here where is
like midnight vo and Zara now where we
went yesterday or more like visiting
town yeah that's true it kind of reminds
me of cat free a little bit yeah it has
that funny every corner we turn there
seems to be like the cutest little road
like this symbol NGO anyone see the
positive law by the way you know a new
teeth fall out when you're younger a
mommy saw teeth in these kind of things
she's still storing and I know she still
has all teeth I'm sorry
mommy has gone in to plate heaven on the
sequence
Janene from Bellagio ultimately includes
a triplet with recommended restaurant
I'd look to do a couple of papers
written on the phone looks beautiful as
here this is let's look at the beautiful
gardens at the cupola school I'm very
happy funny because they had to replant
there so you can absolutely fast I'm
quite particular about what gluten-free
stuff I actually eat because a lot of
the fastest has sugar in it and it's
like made of loads of kratom and hazards
like random additives that this is rice
and corn and I'm not right and I look
for those around oh my gosh my pasta
looks amazing and Hannah's caprese salad
looks so good oh my God look at the bad
for you this fancy delicious huh love
Michael oh my gosh and I got the walnut
cake it looks beyond June and I got some
fruit and they also brought over some
homemade vanilla ice cream which looks
so good it looks really fresh doesn't it
yeah as well I love know how good with
that lunch that's probably the best meal
we've had here so far napkin Karen
village I highly recommend it it's about
a ten minute walk from like the center I
guess is what I do and the food was so
good on the services levine and it's
family-run full of family-run restaurant
the back we go
yeah back at the hotel now and hanging
out by the pool it is sorry if I look
like the sweatiest human ever I'm like
just so hot I'm about to jump into
outfits of the night ready for dinner
I'm wearing this new dresses are the
best time I'm wearing it I think it's
super pretty it reminds me of a Marc
Jacobs once that I saw years ago and I
never bought it has this really
beautiful like cost over neck then I am
never parting with this bag ever again
so that's the bag and then my really
cute sandals you guys have seen in a
haul recently and somebody is wearing my
outfit you have you want to get rid of
it I know I did I wouldn't sell my hair
on today no matter comfy really why I
can this is all in ones that were so so
comfy we are going to an available for
dinner we're going to have a no phones
dinner because every meal someone is on
their phone at some point looking at
something so we're going to go and have
a no-phone meal I don't even think I'm
going to bring my phone actually as a
like quick touch-up before dinner
whenever I do that I call the weirdest
pace and whenever I'm looking back and
like what I like close my eyes I'm like
mmm like a little tiring coming so no we
are arriving at dinner cute top for both
in Dolce tonight look so beautiful
up in the hills I will show you give you
so gorgeous we're going to be eating
next and lemon trees by the fire Latrice
does not get more beautiful than this
thank you
I just wanna looking in my bag
disordered self is happening acaba she's
like peering into my bag and I'm we
needed work nothing looking after might
help should for my second passage a
sorry we had a food we had peas and I'm
broke and I looked myself my mama 71 no
best meal we had so far yes it was been
free I meant that was a question I think
lunch is the best meal but yeah that was
a really good fun free majority firm
freedom up until the end was a good look
because the looks good morning the last
morning of April last night something
I'm rain for you guys today is beautiful
day again wow you look really cool show
us your dress yeah it's so cute hi Lane
yeah so nice and I love the shoes again
and today we have a few things we want
to go and see nearby we've just come to
villa carlotta which is like a two
minute walk from our hotel and it looks
so beautiful
underneath the oranges this is so cute
we are getting on the boat to bin Laden
better be an annual look around the Sun
has come out and it is super beautiful I
quickly just changed as soon as we got
her to shoot this dress which is like
the most beautiful Instagram ball
photographable dress I've ever seen in
my life but I wanted to quickly show you
the top of the ladder the NLO we came
off the boat down there walked all the
way up these paths and then you get to
the top with these gorgeous three Archer
is covered and greenery them right out
here and reviewed I've showed you
hundred die here exact is good we're not
just kidding because this is with you so
we're going to go and explore a little
bit more everyone thought I was a bit
crazy because I literally just changed
in the middle of the film a Stoker had a
little shield as another dress and
changed and then I changed back and
she's telling detail because other words
people are going to see the picture and
there seems vlog and be like good at you
were wearing some it could be your
friend how does it work I got this
mmm oh my god is headband and ass
and dress I mean it's actually wrong it
has been written belts style which I
really like
unzipping it's from competitive are
super cute gathering and then these and
he knows that I will live in the I
literally live in I've worn them like
literally all time and also I can't die
aback from where I stand
oh no we just missed it me and Hannah
will actually show how to do it from
where I stand in to style the sweat is
real I can just see the beads as well to
space what he's trying to figure it out
do you want to show him how it's done
good she look stressed about it he's
still trying he's still going poor guys
what are you so pretty
yeah maybe God Matthew you know today
mama you know I already have been I just
kinda season because I thought we're in
Rome we like this tour so happy to semi
wiping anyone had taken tour you
actually pay attention throughout the
whole talk do I have a short attention
span comment down below
do you or do you not pay attention to
the whole cries no no yeah of course is
around
I find up for a tour I would be paying
attention I mean if you're the one
voluntarily wandering little thang yeah
yeah like I know that we didn't like
the three hands or getting the same
salad we also have some good vegetables
and side you're gonna feel like we
actually have been here way longer than
three days and I don't like you've been
here whole week and I wish they were all
changed and ready for the airport
I still Hannah's dress she took it off
and I literally broke mine and my
janessa hat
I don't pack hats because they get a bit
ruined so taking it with me because I
love it so much
also how cute is this bag a little
little mini it's so sweet we have too
much pink around right now anyway is
family time to go all ready to rhumble
my way to a stroke so I wanted to let
you guys know because I love my small
one I have had any problems without this
big one is great or twice now my second
one
by right
yeah this is like this diatomic Fitness
currently wrapping up the suitcase
because they don't have a handle I've
never done this before so let's see how
this works and hopefully when it comes
out the other side it hasn't just opened
we still have my sister's having fun
guys I completely forgot to end the vlog
because when I got home I saw do you we
were united it was so beautiful and then
I forgot about everything else to do
with life so I'm ending the vlog now I
really hope you enjoyed it we had such a
beautiful time in alaikum and my mom was
super super happy with her surprise
birthday trip and I will see y'all
Monday with another video
