no no no no don't pour the knife gets
bought when I go Enzo in Alfie's house
we shouldn't hit the stairs and I'll
slip and fall down start it's slippery
here instead boy should we drop it ready
I'm good Oh No
five-second rule oh yes yeah we working
on Zoey
oh bloody hell
mourn everyone is your fault on despite
the lost egg Oh what are you all you
after despite the lost egg it was
actually very nice fucking yeah yeah
five-second rule so we did Landon Hirsch
I think it's all good
how was yours guys enjoy it yeah I know
alright you haveno some acrobatics for
us land on your neck show your faces
trapeze Joe have you got fleecy socks
what the hell is going on so you're
dancing on the scope on the wall
somewhat hello Alan
just me and you at moment we're gonna go
we're just gonna go and try and go
zorbing and every time you hate me
but what I was trying to explain to Alan
was that Alan's giant zorb ball thing
but are you back are you back
so alphas got this drones I swear to god
this dog
I hope it's giant desorb ball thing
which isn't a surprise I'm gonna go try
and blow it up and see what's going on
oh my god let's get ways absolute ton oh
now you're interested go on I'll try to
get another side somewhere I'll stand
back and film I've got a book saying
later I can't get messy and muddy all
the locusts from where what's in the box
video disappeared alert
they've all gone hurrah show us a
Norwich deadlift why why stars for this
one go or are we lift it
Norwich deadlift might reopen is
actually a person inside Alfie when you
are me I thought you were gonna open
straight away we're hoping there's a
pump in there but I've got a good
suspicion I know what the how the world
works nowadays you know they try and get
up everything batteries not included
pumps definitely not included I'm going
for it came with a free centipede these
things actually bite as well look look
at that go oh my god
ter now there's no puppies another final
boss to get to this business is awful
anyway this is coming straight out of
alphas bedside table I don't know what
is that for I'm saying this is my bloody
sister fill it one naked attraction gym
hey boys or ball but he's only frickin
gone and bought let me see it
poor buddy Gucci one look Gucci Gucci
you crack one over there guys how to
stay here and get us all a drink three
Long Island iced teas please
what time is it to make that five I'm
thinking about getting one of these kind
of SERPs for my Terrace back at home
just don't know if it's gonna fit but
good get a few chairs up there yes yes
yes just work in oh it's going quick as
well
Alfie we can relive our 2013 video Scott
yeah
gonna do a time-lapse from the bush
most will quickly point our ages so Jim
is 29 Alfie's 24 and I'm 26
transcript what this is so weird
we need to roll we'd shoot rolling down
the back of the garden go in the womb
get down really low my look you've got
handles hands there be feet in here put
your hands on there reach to this thing
I'm stuck I'm stuck in the tube that's
that so you can keep your shoes on Joe
but oh I see it's like we're going to
the moon Alfie yeah officer she launched
into the hedge
try and jump out Jim try and jump out
jump put your arms through and climb out
but that's up you can do it stand on ice
it's down there no no no don't in
knowledge let's get together at same
time for upon you know nice I will give
this a meet and greet yesterday my first
ever one
spinner is that nice yeah
now you're shap Nagel show now shout
gnarly dude gnarly dude now shout I'm
still down with the kids
big old pumpkins no way this fish right
here it's got a smile on its face Jim
said bees they sneer at planning world
domination so I've got a book saying to
get to in about a hot well in ten
minutes I hope you wanna think about my
sister and Tanya but they're hidden
somewhere
I have no idea where they are oh so good
this ladder and look up from a
bird's-eye view
Alfie Alfie I can see you oh you found
them
damn it I was miles off no right guys
I'm going well that was a quick a sign
of my life
Rhett reponders Obie's now because she
wants given my birthday presents now
rather than later on lol I also just
member left to fake Nala here a long
time ago the boss the boss the real one
okay yeah nice this way okay oh my god
grab my own Venus flytrap amazing a
creative space journal a new thing oh my
god Mega Drive things and then it has
like so many games on legend thank you
so much okay Cheers right I'm off for my
signing we have arrived at Brighton WH
Smith it's time to do a book signing
what's your name Lawrence Morris the Gov
Morris is wearing a toga like dress I
remember you from last year at the Brit
with the Bristol of signing last time
without the straw outfit yeah and you
were there as well good to see you guys
good way it's half way for the signing
now I've come back for a little break a
drink and a bit of food but this girl
her name is Molly she's actually had her
own book published
she's actually made her own book I mean
the dedications that's amazing
I wouldn't then like to say a huge thank
you to Joe sugg Alfie deyes Zoe sugg and
mark Faris the other people who made me
believe I could do what I wanted in life
and make anything possible the other one
of the reasons I am here today writing
dedications to my own own book let have
friends are the characters in the book
if you're if you're looking for a new
book I'm gonna read this on the way home
round two got me a coffee
let's go right it's been an incredibly
long but fun day hanging out with Zoe
Alfie tyre and Jim and then going to the
brights I didn't actually vlog too much
of the signing by around yeah this even
sat there since I left you haven't moved
borrow an ID back like three bags over
sweets no don't say thanks to me say
thanks to all my viewers no joke there
was a lot of people that were asking
about you at the signing he said where's
Byron is like he's at home he's working
on the band stuff but I'll tell you what
there was there was a few girls that go
gave us a letter right
and make sure you read it afterwards
okay Christ I read it and they're
basically asking me and you on the date
and it says we will let you know that we
are 23 so it's not weird it's like okay
bar we've bagged ourselves double date
no I know I did I didn't read it to
afterwards but I'm sure we could find
you in the comment section below comment
down below if you want to go on a date
at byron i love like way more comments
than usual might on this vlog the bay Oh
Zoe winter wonderland body mists no Ella
classic I get it Anastasia reset for
going back to school this is crazy how
you've been doing YouTube for like four
years I think it's actually five now how
we went say that would be tens for but
you still treat us like fuck family from
day one
anyway how's life good it is good thank
you very much Bethany it's good
mine's been absolutely amazing because
I've read all your books such graphic
novels watched all of your movies and
got some so clef merch by the way I'm
sorry about your gift I didn't know what
to get you there mind takes being
amazing love from
honey bethenny conduct conduct PS please
can you find millions to grab no I can't
but now Bethenny said she didn't with
him as a gift you've got me such a
freaking cool game Tom you better watch
out because I've just got another one of
these little fellas my collection is now
grown from one two three
star-lord which I got from Bethany we've
got a negan from Walking Dead and we've
got a jerath or aka the Goblin King from
the labyrinth from brick thing is as
much like do you love these little pop
figure things you do not have to send me
any because unlike Tom I have no space
to put them do by her in the background
stay hydrated right and with that I'm
gonna call it a day
I'm actually not gonna see ya I'm gonna
now pack for tomorrow cuz tomorrow I'm
off to Madrid never been to Madrid
before in my life I've been to Spain a
few times like Barcelona and a place
called Laurette de Mar but we're not
talk about that also to sort of quickly
mention the fact that if you do want a
signed copy of using him uprising you
can still find them in water stones
Tesco and Sainsbury's most of them
should have some stopped hopefully best
pissed gunfire is there otherwise have
on Amazon they have it pretty much
everywhere nowadays so yeah if you if
you want to end the trilogy and you want
to have the complete set or you just
want to get the last one and find out
how it all ends then go and get yourself
a copy good night bye daily vlog
