when you forget that it's disney
marathon weekend and your gym is across
the street from Disney yep evenson in
this traffic here for about 15 minutes
and I kicked it out now I made the
stupid mistake of getting in I can't get
out there's no way out save me baby save
me too ha sido don't walk me hitting
people I was blocking the cheese ok
wondering why we didn't go there oh yeah
I mean fair hello sunday September six
this week long heard you in four parts
actually it might oh I am in LA with
Cassie huh Shelly while ago and we hang
out now and it's the best thing ever
really you know that feeling when I
wonder your favorite people in the world
so much cheaper music like that's like
an hour I know one time I had to get gas
using fucking to get gas was like I
guess it's better than buying a plane
ticket anyway we're on larchmont
Boulevard larchmont I don't like it the
center um here we're trying and we test
a at called larchmont mangala yeah it is
really popular and there were a lot of
people there it's on this Wow Robin
Schneider introduced me to it
you go and it was very I had a keen
wobble I didn't look it was fine I ain't
all blue grace people that's my car
anyway I love that her car is pink and
mines purple or adorable I wandered a
wave can you see her in the mirror the
zoom know that zoom
they made of
i'm currently sitting outside of
cassie's apartment because she is trying
to find parking in LA she gave me her
spot because she's a tiny little car
it's easier to park in but oh my god
I've been here while I don't know why
should this I have her toilet paper
though and I broke into some snacks send
help I'm typhoon please hey
oh I'm just doing some wine where did
you park I'm not crazy about work why
would you put that on a video camera i'm
watching sherlock hmm oh Jesus Christ
why I we're making why are you
hello it come to you once again from my
car I now understand why i like all
Southern Californian bloggers all vlog
from the car all the time because you're
pretty much in your car all the time
also because I haven't mastered blogging
and public just yet we'll get there
today is Monday it's labor day I work
tonight later tonight I think it like
six or something but I want to get out
of my apartment cuz it's gonna get
really hot in there haven't decide where
to go yet I've looked up some like more
independent cafes in the area because
there aren't a whole lot in my area and
they're all either really tiny and it's
kind of awkward to edit your video even
if you have headphones in like a small
space because like people can see you
editing yourself but kind of far away so
i might just end up either out like a
barnes and noble starbucks or a coffee
being maybe i prefer coffee be like
drinks I forgot that where the trader
joes is and the coffee bean is there's a
panera so I'm gonna go chill in panera
for a bit this really takes me back to
my freshman year of college in Seattle
because I used to like kick it in the
panera they're all good time the one on
Capitol Hill satellites you know i'm
talking about i lived there i wrote so
many papers and studied for so many
exams
it's too hot to be a person you think
Richard other words no more guys sorry
smash would hey guys so it's Tuesday I
like 1030 in the morning and i'm at the
shop i work for a little light off
because we're not open yet cuz we open
at away you guys hear that so they're
cutting down trees like palm ferns and
stuff um right outside the window like
right outside my door is so this is my
life right now like terrified that a
palm tree is going to come through the
window oh well hey guys so I just got
off work and I actually found out
recently that the grocery store near
where I work sells pog which is passion
through orange guava juice and they sold
it where I lived growing up and I'm
obsessed with it hog is the best anyway
my Hawaiian friend who's actually living
in California told me they sell it here
so I'm going to go get me some hog
hopefully
