good morning beautiful humans I'm back
at it with the vlogs ie took a break for
a while just because I wasn't feeling
like vlogging you just have to feel feel
it I was not feeling it
I just went to hot yoga for the first
time it was said it like 95 degrees
holy moly it was hard but the reason I
loved it was because it was more focused
on meditation and strength than like I
took one that was like more with weights
and I didn't like that because I already
weight trained so I don't need to like I
like when I go to yoga I want to
actually be in like a peaceful state and
still have like a push but not like all
push does this make sense long story
short I really liked that yoga class and
I'll be going back the instructor was so
great she really helped with breathing
techniques and posture and she was
talking a lot about contentment which I
struggle with so that was really helpful
and she was also talking about letting
go and have some people you know tend to
stay in the moment and have a hard time
accepting and then releasing and moving
on and some people can easily just kind
of let things go I'm like on the border
I like can let things go and then
sometimes I don't so I'm constantly
working on myself and my arm hurts so as
you can tell the hot yoga class was
really hot because my whole bra is
soaking wet and sweat um but yeah but
now I'm gonna make breakfast and I'm
gonna hop in the shower and then I'm
meeting my friend for lunch my friend
Jessica who was in my first episode
baking with boys she is such a
sweetheart and I enjoy her company so
much so I'm excited to see her yesterday
I went to lush and I got one of their
what is this so this is just their bath
oil and it smells so good I cut it in
half put it in the bath made me so silky
and soft and I was like relaxing playing
some meditation music it was a good time
last night I also went to the market
this looks really scary it's just a pie
cutter it looked like a huge scary knife
this is an acorn squash and I am so
excited because apparently this is like
a fall special so I've been eating
sauerkraut before my meals when I eat at
home and it has helped me so much with
digestion so I really recommend
finding a good sauerkraut this one's my
favorite cuz it doesn't have added sugar
everybody meet mr. bones long-lost
cousin this is Fred and he's reaching
for my pumpkins please do not stay in
your lane stay in your chair I'm fresh
out the shower so this sweater is from
TJ Maxx and these high-waisted jeans are
from brandy and I bought em so the first
week of October I'm actually going on a
girls trip to Georgia with my friend
Mary Kay and I bought a really pretty
jacket coke thing because it's gonna be
chilly there it's gonna be like a real
fall which I'm so due to boo so here it
is it's a rap style coat and it's got
like you know the little the little ties
to tie in the front got the candle going
this one is called bourbon maple and it
smells amazing I highly recommend the
make up is done Where's Waldo more like
where's mayor
well of course Miss indecisive here
decided to change because I walked
outside and it was hot so put on a short
sleeve top good to go going down the
stairs to find Jessica getting her food
but mine is here I'm here with the
sweetest the one and only Jessica or
Jesse what do you like to go by
either spy feel like you caught me jokes
I have caught you Jay yeah yeah okay I'm
calling Jess Jess because that's what I
called you so what a just get I got a
spicy tuna it's my first time having
cocaine first poke a ever I'm excited
and then we were they gave us what are
these called chopstick yeah yeah yeah
and we've both with anything ever like
nah so I went in and he gave us Forks
and I didn't even ask
flowers so pretty
I just went to Trader Joe's with a
Ralph's back cheating on my main Bay
early everybody comes here at Trader
Joe's bags oh ok so I'm back home and
I'm going to light some candles this is
apple cider flavored scented and it's
from TJ Maxx and it smells amazing high
bay so I'm gonna do a little Trader
Joe's haul and clothing haul and from
Michaels the other day I bought these
two fake flowers and I really want to
put these burgundy ones in a vase but
this vase is gonna tip over cuz these
flowers are too heavy so I think I have
a different vase like I said I brought
my Ralph's baggage Trader Joe's terrible
idea
not some weird looks uh let's see the
first thing I got from Trader Joe's is
their uncured turkey bacon this stuff is
really good I've had it before and in
the fall I love bacon so and I love
Turkey so you know let's put this is the
bridge so doesn't you know get that next
up I got a bag of hard-boiled eggs
next up I got some Greek yogurt and this
is the ia full fat 2% Greek yogurt
usually I get the zero percent but I
really want to try the full fat I feel
like I'd like it better so I got that I
also got some grated cheese this is the
pecorino wait wait for it no yes no I'm
drunk okay
this is parmesan and Romano grated I
think I meant to good peccary maybe it's
the same thing I don't know it's
Parmesan cheese then I got some
mushrooms love to cook these up with
some oil on the stovetop this rx bar was
open it fell out when I oh my god that's
scary I'm still gonna eat it hopefully I
don't get poisoned but
that's really weird I got two cans of
tuna and last but not least I picked up
this pumpkin spice row we Bose herbal
blend tea and I've never tried this
before but it's probably really good so
I'm gonna I got it yeah okay Meredith I
just opened up this tea and took away
I'm just going to pour it or some oh
wait what am i doing
I need to put it in the kettle first Wow
I'm like losing my mind I'm just gonna
pour my water in there so this is my
electric kettle can't boil that water
tea is steeping it is really hot maybe
it's because my AC is on so like it's
blowing the steam but I've got my tea
and I'm about to get my clothes and
we're gonna do a little mini clothing
haul start with this sweater okay the
first thing I got remove my tea a little
bit the first thing I got is this
oatmeal colored sweater and it's cable
mint it's thick it's cozy I haven't even
tried this on hopefully it looks good I
might return some of this stuff if I
don't like how it looks on I'll just try
it on right now honestly because why not
do a little try on haul for you ooh this
is warm yes I feel like let me look in
the mirror I can't tell hmm
guys it's a little grandma II but I feel
like with the right outfit it would look
cute so I'm gonna keep it things are
gonna get easy
Oh shopping looking brighter okay I love
that song next thing is this sweater and
hold my gosh it is the softest thing
I've ever purchased it feels like a
softer than my blanket so this is what
this one looks like these the colors
let's see what else what else oh oh oh
oh you guys have not seen this then I
got this future state that's the brand
t-shirt and it has a line on it
and it says don't be lyin like lion but
with this I think this is cute it's very
like cozy pajama shirt that I could wear
with like pretty much anything so yeah
that's not o my favorite things that I
bought I haven't even tried this on so
hopefully this but it's the last one
they had in my size actually
oh no there's two bowls in it no just
one oh there's a hole no really care
well maybe you know what I could do you
know what I'm gonna do my mom taught me
to put clear nail polish on top of it
and it won't keep ripping so it'll just
stay that's not very good very good it's
all good you know so this is a beautiful
beautiful dress kind of hard to see but
you'll see it in Instagram pictures I am
positive
so you know and then the last thing I
got is this cream blouse
the material is so silky and soft it is
like a low cut in the front and has a
little flared out sleeves I think this
will look really pretty for like going
out to dinner at night I'm going to see
if this is drinkable oh that's good
teeth it's really hot but it's good
that's it for this vlog I hope you guys
enjoyed it give it a thumbs up if you
would like to see more vlogs and comment
below what else you want to see on this
channel
I would love to hear what you guys want
to see I love you mayor berry stay you
stay true and stay positive bye guys
