hello welcome to a brand new weekly look
I hope you had an amazing weekend I'm
very much looking forward to this week
actually Tuesday morning right now it's
about eight o'clock and I'm ready
I'm not wearing pajamas yeah the kids
today is an out and about day there is a
breakfast planned where hopefully I will
get to meet
Aerin Lauder who is the granddaughter of
sa Lauder which I just feel extremely
flattered to be invited to and I've been
very excited about that for like the
last month since I knew about it and
then after that got Joey Malone event
which this day sounds very very fancy I
promise all days and not normally like
this but those events are always very
nice so looking forward to that as well
then again after rush back hopefully try
and film a video because on Thursday and
Friday this week me and Marc are away at
a wedding so trying to squish five days
of stuff into three days so I think it
could be a bit of a late night but
notable makeup mentions today this the
result time multi corrective CC cream in
natural loving it which is feeling quite
a light base today so I just use this
with a bit of the bourgeois healthy
balance powder over the top which I
really like and then on my lips is the
Maybelline Color sensational shine gloss
in the shade glorious grapefruit which I
just put on and then Pat it down that's
how I like to wear my gloss and then a
quick outfit of the day it's a bit
cloudy outside right now but I've
checked the weather and it's going to be
a bit of a scorcher so I've gone for a
legs out option and this is my cost silk
dress which I just adore I think is one
of my favorite things in my wardrobe
right now and it has pockets I should
love things with pockets and then I've
got the old whistles bag and I even
talked about the boot
you know doc okay let's go
that was a very nice splash slightly
bizarre morning I never thought I would
get to meet a member of the Lauder
family that was crazy she was very nice
Aaron was lovely and then Joe Malone did
the Christmas event but it's July and
there were Christmas carols and and snow
and she saw me and nearly skating around
on ice skate very bizarre a very nice
morning is back to reality and back to
my laptop and I was feeling a bit
peckish so I've gone for a very speedy
toast option with my grandma's homemade
marmalade and she makes jam to let Jam
here you go thank you grandma then it
will be time for things to get a little
bit melty under all of my life as try
film a video this could be interesting
with much later on in the afternoon now
and it's time for me to edit the videos
that I have just filmed Marc came back
and he has now gone for a bike ride many
hours have passed and while Marc is on
his way back I think I'm gonna get
started on dinner because it's always 8
p.m. and I only eat it like 600 feeling
pretty peckish right now and one thing I
don't think I've showed you before is
the freezer because we are really big
fans of batch cooking and then feeding
our freezer I got it from my mom who got
it from my grandma it's like a family
tradition that we make huge batches of
things and then just freeze them up so
tonight's dinner is going to be nice and
quick and easy there you go tada
no these are not all butter they're
actually yeah this one is meatballs I
think it could be meatball sauce I think
it's meatball sauce yet that'll do and
the great thing with these is that they
hold one portion in perfectly
Junius marks back from his training how
was it very good yeah girls please I
told him about us feeding the three
their foods are freezing feed that
freezer on Sunday morning talking quite
politely because my sister is sleeping
in the other room
Marcus go out for a bike ride and today
is the day of mine and Lily's picnic
which I'm so excited about I'm not very
early because it's been a lot to the
shop just to get all of the ingredients
for them dissipate and then hopefully my
sister can help me bake up three or four
but really how many are going to do I'm
very exciting for that sort of fast
forwarded a bit here because me and Mark
had a bit of a mini break we went up
north to go to a wedding which was
amazing but I did film a few Clips so I
will pop them here ASIS whole football
I'm pretty sure my hair has never looked
this crazy in a blog before I thought I
would just show you what I got a bit of
backstory me and Mark are off to a
wedding tomorrow and I had nothing to
wear
like seriously nothing to wear
everything I did have to work was either
black or white bit over no no sir had to
do the last minute but just picked up
these nude shoes because they were on
the model with a dress I bought and they
look very nice and within the sale this
bag to go with it I quite liked the neon
detailing on the top adds a bit of color
and then this is the dress I got and I
bought it in two sizes because I wasn't
sure what one eye would be and this is
what it looks like it's quite high on
the neck and then it comes to just above
the knee and now I think I'm going to
pack because we're about to leave in an
hour or so and I'm loving you see a
suitcase Pat rounded right
today me and Mark are at his best
friend's wedding and Mark is the best
man and I'm so excited it's at this
beautiful castle and I just know it's
going to be a very beautiful day we have
such a lovely few days that was really
good I'm very much excited about so I'm
kind of nervous
I'm soft Evan I'm wearing there's a lot
to do hence why I'm upset le site so got
the blankets
I did three lemon trees of cakes in the
end other food in there as well and
bless my mom she made some very cake so
I'm sure they will go down well and now
Oh
lovely I'm not really sure quite what to
say it was thank you thank you it was so
nice of some of you to spend some of
your Sunday with me and maybe we really
appreciate it
and rich and mark as I've Lily's family
turned up and my sister was there thank
you to the two girls who sat and chatted
with my sister she really really
appreciate that it was just so lovely I
don't think me and Lily of stop saying
who had lovely everybody you were all so
nice oh you already friendly it was so
lovely and what we thought would take
two hours took five hour but thank you
for everyone who came it just has made
our week and we really enjoyed it and we
hope that you did too we're gonna go
crash out now we're definitely gonna go
crash out now that hole size pizza what
did you think top it was delicious it
was really really nice so all around
just an amazing day and thank you for
eating my lemon drizzle cake as well I
made three yeah and Mark took the round
for everybody
so even Gary yeah if you didn't get any
we'll do this again and I'll make more I
know somebody got bit Christy be on the
corner I'm really sorry I definitely
burned one of the lemon juice of cakes
it's sorry for whoever got the burnt
corner because I didn't think anyone
would eat that for someone did I'm sorry
wait he never got the bang corner thank
you I really just appreciate all of you
guys I'm sucking moment but I really do
and thank you so much for all the
support I really do appreciate it and
thank you so much so thanks bye thank
you
