it's been a very wet and autumnal
morning it's Saturday and I've had quite
a productive morning and I got up I had
a lovely cup of coffee with Lu me on the
sofa and I read a little bit of a book
and then Ali got up and we got ready
I made some fruit salad which is
something I'm doing a lot of at the
moment because of over the last like
month I spent so much time out of the UK
and I haven't been getting in the gym
and you can hear anything in the
background that's just Ali getting ready
but I haven't been getting in the gym at
all and my diet is just really really
suffered so I'm used to always having
fruit like when I lived with my grandma
we always had a big bowl of fruit in the
fridge so that's something I really want
to always do at my house so we're now
doing that and so I made fruit salad
this morning and I had a lovely big bowl
of fruit that looked like skittles it
was so nice and then we've been shooting
some bits with Ali for some campaigns
that he's working on and now we're gonna
go shoot something else and we are gonna
try and go for a coffee because I'd like
to go get
with him and yes it's just quite chilled
Saturday at the moment the weather looks
like it's brightening up now at the
moment I know this is like Lydia's
weather report but I always do but yeah
it should be quite a nice chilled
autumnal Saturday so this is what I'm
wearing on this really cold and wet
Saturday I've got my old like a sauce
stripy jumper on which is from one of my
old ACE hustles I've got this Club
Monaco skirt which is like split like
that which is from my hole that went
live on Sunday I've got these Chloe
boots which everyone always asks about
and I've never ever seen them anywhere
it's really strange I just ask them to
get them in in my size and they manage
to get them and then I've never seen
them and then my Bulgari bag as well
because it's just easy to just shove
stuff in and go so don't have to think
too much about that but yeah that's what
I'm wearing so let's get going
you look so cool in those sunglasses I
never like this unless the camera comes
out I just go by brain-dead
put in
okay we'll move for you I promise sorry
guys team a lot of times on behind us
pissing off the neighbors kids then
we're just on our way to get some petrol
because I like to let it get right down
to the red before I fill up and then I
was like you need to get petrol and I'm
like yeah and then I make him do it
so Ali's just filling the car up with
petrol you might glad to see him back
there doing so so I thought I'd tell you
a little bit about my makeup because
I've kind of changed things up a little
bit since I last vlog so don't know
whether you can notice but I've got none
of my eyeliner flicks on I actually went
to London yesterday for meetings that I
didn't wear that's the first time I've
ever gone to London like that it seems
like such a small thing but they're kind
of like my comfort blanket like I've
just worn them for so long and now I'm
just changing things up a little bit and
I'm going and while I'm trying to go a
little bit more fresh-faced because as
much as like I love watching girls slay
their makeup I can't slay my makeup so I
just like finding what works for me so
I'm just trying this out I hope I don't
look tired I've also got a new lip combo
on which is Mac boldly bare and then
look with Ebola that her stationary it's
Mac boldly better than lip liner and Mac
have just released their new lip
densities and they sent me their entire
range which was very very exciting so I
thought that I would try them out and
I've just found a color by apps that you
love it's called doh
and it's kind of like a brown you need
this is I think this is a little bit
darker than it is so I was scared to use
this initially but it's really beautiful
and it's really nice
combined with boldly bear because it's
kind of like a pinky color so if you're
wondering what's on my lips that's what
I have been wearing and I'm also going
to be giving away the entire lip density
so that that's what I'm going to be
doing my two and jack√©e giveaway
because I think that that's something
more special than I could ever sort of
afford to buy you guys so I thought that
I would give away the whole range and
yeah I think that's quite cool so I'm
excited to hit 2 and okay I haven't hit
it yet so don't start congratulating me
just yet but I just want to let you guys
know that that's why I will be giving
away when I do finally hit it
it's known life when you regret doing
something what do you regret
my head in fact Benjamin was a different
five seconds well he came in you know
way were you I don't think I could see
you little kornhauser look back Vic be
talking about my Baker with his ally
Thank You head you make mistakes this is
the story of my life I asked Ali to get
me a diet Red Bull and he went to get
himself one and got me the full fat one
he always gets it wrong whenever I ask
him to do so if me but now he has to
self is he's having the fault that one
so we just randomly arrived on a rooftop
in Milton Keynes and we're about to
sheet bit Sally just for his blog and
something like that so I am behind the
camera today I'm obviously not cheating
on my olympus because I'm blogging on it
but yeah I'm going to shoot mother Canon
today
it is 7:30 a.m. hence why I look like
I've been punched in the face I'm having
a quick espresso and I'm going to go to
the gym I didn't get to finish blogging
the other day because I I don't know
what it was I think that September
finally caught up on me and I just after
I'd finished shooting I was just so
tired and we just came home and just
snuggled on the sofa I couldn't do
anything else I was so tired September
was probably one of the hardest months
of my life it was just so full-on and so
intense which meant that I guess finally
you do crash and I just realized I'm
only got one year again I'm heading to
the gym this morning because the
knock-on effect of September is that I
feel like uh tur crap in myself and
that's not a looks-wise it's a feeling
lies like I don't feel healthy I don't
feel like I've eaten healthy enough so I
am going to the gym and I'm just gonna
do a quick 5k and then probably do a
little bit of weights as well and then
I've got work to do all days I've also
got to pick up a package oh and also I
got my new iphone 7 plus which I have
been learning how to use all of last
night and it didn't quite update the way
that I thought it would like I've not
been able to transfer everything from my
old phone on to this one and also you
need new cases even though they're the
same size because the cameras are in a
different place so that was something I
wasn't bargaining for coz I've got
really nice cases my phone I think I've
scratched my nose even my skin isn't as
great as it usually is at the moment so
I just generally feel a little bit crap
so I'm going to do everything within my
power to make myself feel better so I'm
gonna release some endorphins I'm
getting my hair done on Wednesday
because a Productivity makes me feel so
much better so I'm gonna have a really
good day I think this is my gym outfit
for the day I've got some vai active
leggings on my sweaty Betty vest that's
just my favorite and I've got this
Matthew Williamson and USA Pro jacket
which is actually a bit warmer than my
other one
and I also just love love love machi
Williams and Prince so the fact I can
wear it in the gym is amazing it's such
good quality as well so I really do like
this I just got some old night trainers
on which I actually want to get some new
just all black trainers so yeah these
colorful summery ones and maybe not so
much I guess I'm ready to go and make
myself feel better so go and pound that
cross trainer
oh my god it's oak oh I absolutely love
this season but it's freezing I need to
get my proper coat out my car's totally
frosted up at the moment
so oh my god I look like crap I look ill
and but yeah my car's completely frosted
up at the moment so I'm waiting for it
to defrost before I Drive
thank you fast and they have psych hold
time for the heated seat I set myself
aside either way on this chart if you
I can start make a change I know we walk
for days boozing home this
so I'm going to make myself a smoothie
because I've got so much to do today so
gotta have something quick and then I'm
gonna have a bigger lunch
I've got almond milk a fairly ripe
banana and my protein powder this is the
super Alexa protein powder which is kind
of like vegan and organic it's brown
rice and pea protein and it tastes
absolutely amazing and like this tastes
better than any normal protein it's not
sickly and it's just packed full of so
much goodness and I love fat it's all
organic funny how you change growing up
is that I remember nice but any diet
crap in my body and now I love this
organic stuff so let's knock up a quick
smoothie and then jump in the shower
this will be okay cooking to another
day
oh my goodness today was not supposed to
be that busy I ended up having to have a
phone call with a brand and I had low 40
girls than I imagined I had I always do
that I always underestimate what I've
got to do and then I was finally about
to eat something at Ali's mom turned up
so I was like don't even front of her so
I just had some lunch and now I'm gonna
have some fruit and creme fraiche which
and just success with and I'm finishing
off do you remember what I made them
Saturday that's all that's left
so once I've eaten I'm gonna tidy up
because I've made the house an absolute
mess which is what I do on a regular
basis like I just literally shove
everything everywhere and then wait till
the end of the day and tidy it up but
it's been a good day I have been good I
do like it when it's busy but obviously
tomorrow I'm getting my hair done so I
kind of needed to get everything done
today I also look super tagged in this
life what I've been using a new town
I've been using the I'll show you I've
been using the Santa Paws self-tan this
is the 1-hour express one and again I
just use it in the in the mornings like
I usually do and the transfer is not
really very bad at all and I love the
color it is really dark like really dark
I am now a seeing this on my body how
dark is and yeah great I love it with it
too hug
ally ally
you waited for daddy you waited for
daddy to come through the door yes we
are
it's seven o'clock and I have just
ticked the last thing off my to-do list
that's everyone's depop orders ready to
go I am so sorry if anyone's waited a
while for them I literally I just I'm so
bad at this I always feel like it's not
okay to make it sound like I am working
hard because I know that a lot of people
don't think that people on YouTube do
any work at all and it's funny because
it's seven o'clock and I'm still working
and when I worked in an office I would
never have still been working at seven
pm
five o'clock on the dot I would be out
that door so I do work hard but I did
actually schedule in some time today to
relax and that's something that I really
want to do I want to relax a little bit
more in the evenings and not overwork
myself because as much as I love working
I also love being sane and yeah so I've
been scheduling and some time to read a
little bit more because I absolutely
love reading and I've got books mounting
up by the side of my bed so these are
all books that I want to read I mean I
started reading the life-changing magic
is not giving a fuck but it's a it's
lovely difficult to get into so I'm
reading a different book that's
downstairs at the moment that these two
I really really want to get through so
now I think I'm going to do is I'm going
to light a candle I'm going to get a
blanket and I'm going to spend the next
half an hour to an hour just reading and
I'm going to enjoy every single minute
of it
into danger zone
it all points right to them I set myself
aside me the way on this chart if you
don't know
it's so nice to just sit on the sofa and
chill like just relax I can't tell how
good it feels
I've been reading bloom by Estee Lalonde
I don't actually know esday but her book
arrived and I was sort of I don't know
like I just I was intrigued so I read
the first few pages and whilst I was
having a bowl of fruit the other day and
before I knew it I was on page 103 and
now I can't put it down it's so
beautifully written and I feel like
we're the same person I feel like we
feel the same way about animals and the
way that she felt about friendships and
the way that she felt about her grandma
like it's just so lovely to read and I
have no doubt that I would have finished
it very very soon because now that I'm
having this new relaxation
it's them gonna be part of my everyday
so I hope that I'm gonna get through a
lot more books now
and
yeah I really enjoyed it if you did give
it a thumbs up and don't forget to hit
the subscribe button because we're
almost it turned UK I see you in my next
one 9 this time we'll be okay
