if I want to drop it real lightly no
it's okay guys so this is my last-ditch
attempt at doing a vlog on this channel
I put my hands up I'm embarrassed I have
been very flaky and not very good at
doing it and you know I just said you
know I'm going to try maybe do a vlog
like every two weeks just you know kind
of like follow me around show you what
I'm doing with my life and that kind of
stuff why does my arm look so skinny
yeah and the reason I'm doing this and
that I have to tell you guys the truth I
know I'm somebody who looks like I've
got all my shit together and I really
really don't I really really haven't I
have been struggling a lot like an
actual headless chicken I have been
disorganized I have been just just got
like life has been pushing me as it is
felt right here and I've started to see
it take its toll and I you know I went
away on holiday and it really helped me
bring back and resend to myself and I
don't know if any of you guys feel this
way where you literally feel like you
don't even know you just don't even know
what's going on your life is just
happening to you and what do you guys do
I don't know if it's just me do you guys
ever feel like that I don't know it I
have been and I'm someone who's obsessed
as all got order and I've been so
disorganized my house I'm nothing like
it's been a mess in venomous my water my
hair everything this is so it's just a
mess there's no routine like my feet
haven't been manicured if you ever see
my toes right now it's just an
embarrassment it's not even a joke and I
should be embarrassed but I think
sometimes it's important to come and
tell the truth before you're able to
make things better but anyway whatever
my last been chaotic I've been having
battles with myself as an individual and
but I'm combating that by facing my
troubles and issues head-on okay so this
rebel is a rebel is in my room
look at my schooling this is the rebel
he did this she's going in my drawers
she subscribing mixie thrown the items
out while I do my makeup is that fun is
that really good
no that rid is that really a game boy
that really your game look this is why
I'm getting wooden flooring look look
what happened to my fall here I don't
know if it's just me yeah I'll have a
little cry I feel I feel like I can face
the world again
I think I'm such an emotional person
like my pent-up emotion has to be
released and they wanted to release I'm
like I said good do you guys do that as
well okay anyway right just found out
that my table dining table is going to
come today
a little so for that we're having here
is coming today yay and then over here
we have got a ton of parcels you will
not believe how much parcels we come we
have look just literally look at the
house this is a flooring that's finally
arrived EA like this actually crazy this
is a check this is how it is meant to
delete empty snug
actually not so small here if this works
tiny lunch is also on the go I've got
tuna with vegetables and a salad my
plate is so timely because every other
plate is currently in the dishwasher but
that actually looks really good alright
I'm off to run a couple of errands there
was a motorbike is by
you just some revenues engines like no
man's business let go extra oh my gosh
yeah I'm going on a few airings and when
I see one of you own the first thing
involves getting myself some cake and
something sweet because it's been a
while and I'm craving and then I'm going
to pick up my hair dye and that's it
really I'm acting like I've got major
errands I really don't know about right
now it's just I'm just going to top up
my turn and I feel very weird vlogging
I've ever very weird right I'm looking
to do this color or I don't know if I
want to go really vivid and go something
like that I think that you have to start
off quite quite closer don't go crazy
you know what I'm going to go with these
ones and so I'm one of these people
that's so impatient and as soon as I can
I have to I'm I'm gonna night I took a
bite of this it's in the car like that
very impatient I am but if I brought
treats when he's looking great outside
quite cute I'm like you're not burning
my daughter
I'm glad the way I'm playing because I
think some people are going to take this
really seriously but now it's not quite
their mission Michael calm down look at
what we have babe look oh-ho-ho-ho I
wish I can oh I've taken off my
eyelashes and I look insane which I can
say I've been doing lots of haven't I
just brings Oh Lord I've been just
trying to get on with them work which is
virtually impossible to do with a
regular baby
we've been chillin this evening is been
clothing together we are going to make
all the stuff my room and the rest of
the house that is I can I'm not going to
do that much there okay well I got him
Hey mmm I'm overseeing I'm overseen
another day
last night we ended up spending the
whole evening putting up IKEA furniture
but inside here Gross has already been
on the attack this morning but actually
it looks quite good
Oh another location but out of focus I
can remember just now we're in the
office it's been a work day today
it never stops though have a look grace
is in the office of us because there's a
mom you still need to bring the baby
everywhere the girls are here working
getting on with us and this is our other
office which is a bit messy but it's
lived in and with what our concept for
the shoot for when we launched it yes
I'd like to run through that with you
sounds like an hand I was just going
through my um my mail which is very
intense and look at this how adorable
okay I'm not sure about the horn but
actually I'd wear this crown just like
wearing it
Thank You Todd this is my metallic hello
lovely people I'm in going to do I'm not
exactly sure how these vlog is gonna end
up because I don't know where I kind of
thought where I kind of end it's a
Thursday right now I have a really
blogged at all this week it's been a
working week I've been trying to get my
ish on a lot and it was great his
birthday this week obviously Michael's
birthday as well she's amazing she's
beautiful he's amazing he's beautiful
having a big party party planning
knowledge is fun my room is autumn
basically waiting for two more bits but
I sought it out all my makeup my whole
makeup collection is sorted oh my gosh I
feel like a weight has been lifted of my
head I'm cause it is done going to pop
at all but I just want to give you guys
just a sneak peek at how amazing it is
oh this is the look fantastic
this is the the beauty egg I believe
these are actually already sold out and
they also get mine look fantastic and
beauty box which comes with a magazine
every month but they sent me two of
these so I'm going to give a giveaway
they haven't asked me to do this it's
not sponsored or anything like that but
I just will be a nice thing to do
because I don't need both of these let
me showing you what's inside beauty yes
and this is a new one this is so
beautiful I kind of won it oh my god I
got so many selfies I'm not the negative
really I do not need piracy what I want
you to do is make sure you'll follow me
on my Instagram and leave a comment
under the picture that I had holding the
beauty box make sure you are also
following look fantastic on their
Instagram page and then I will reach out
to you and give you one again they never
asked me to do this but I thought I
don't need both of them it's really nice
I love look fantastic I get all my
beauty from there I'm going to the
office I haven't been to the office this
week and I need to show my face how cute
is this
this is what going to get talked to in
nursery I did show so many things with
her hand and footprints on it although
her feet look gigantic here what the
heck
take those no habla that's so funny I
left the house and I forgot to wear
shoes oh my god I wear my slippers oh my
gosh what am i doing real thing I got in
the car wearing
because I will not as many more than
just in a row with it oh my god I'm
actually spun to the shock oh my gosh
what have I done
no I'm just going to have to roll in
deep right now look what I've just seen
your face
this is come from nothing how cool is it
together or diligently working to be
honest I think they just put my head
self video camera which is what happens
we have some hammocks and going on over
here if you're wondering why there's
just one of you with yet the wicket is
arguing over who happen to be Tracey off
the other name
Tracey of I sauce for Tracy think it's
gonna happen
getting almost work from anything
actually like being here because I get
to them have a chinwag which is always
fun isn't it lady
yeah no one's filming you you're all
right you're all right then I are you
filming and yeah casual nice okay we are
done everyone's gone Mountaineer Michael
going to dinner we're actually on route
to us Italians fill up my shoes are on
the wrong way around but they're just
really uncomfortable and if you've got
shoes on this time oh yeah thanks where
am I really in a house with slippers on
and doesn't realise until they're
halfway to the destination
happy through damn involved shaking of
the shoulders rolling on the challenges
what I can show them I'll take you back
and this will make you happy
I don't know what will Nene knows good
meeting today especially this is the
first time please hand held a deer brush
and brushed her teeth
well I brushed her teeth were the by the
time when the car she's about that clean
teeth like she had seen her personality
and I often find that and she like
what's to imitate us and guarantee she
does have four teeth now dental hygiene
is very important we have 14 very
important can I get it for spring
thank you darlin ah hey and she said
strong woman but she don't need any more
fish thank you to be from another day
being product has been good going to the
gym this morning
I'm not going to 9 I have not been going
I've been very unhappy with the state of
my body because I know that it can be
covered if I was consistent and not lazy
so yeah as of some day I started to go
back to see and I'm just going to get
there realistic view and then you know
what it's like when you see all these
girls they have their babies if I snap
that games like that and you know as
under the illusions but the realistic
pieces like there wasn't that Batman
that it isn't awful but it isn't like
amazing so yeah I've one of the tones or
and have a waist realistic idea and
remember and naturally thin so I do not
put on a little way I've never been able
to put on a lot of weight but I'm not
skinny skinny but my
and the most people quite skinny so it
is really snare my dad's name all of his
side are just loved and slim so I'm kind
of lucky like that but I still had a bit
of College Hall and I picked that up
from my mama and I just have no ass like
no dad no hit I thought like this job is
real like you know I'm black when my Bob
when my hips I have fake breasts like
seriously but you know what maybe some
stereotypes are not necessarily true
this is what I look like after a baby
and I'm kind of filming it because I
know that I'm going to try and work and
get some ABS and work and everything
anyway I got a virgin active and I've
been going to virgin active for quite a
while now I really like the gyms I'm
going to go there today Michaels and the
serious was from internally not is that
to you were to me an exercise plan
you guys do not know he's a
physiotherapist by trade so obviously he
he likes to share his expertise in me
and if I don't like going to the gym
with him because he's like you're not
doing it right
actually no no he's looking can you hit
the car engine you guys was quite a cool
do we have the one for Michael who isn't
having to learn about thing it is okay
this is a routine that Michael has
original to me you've got very neat and
tidy how is she
a really good session eligium nice right
going to go and get ready for the day I
just picked up some fresh salad Oh bread
from the bakery I decided that if I am
going to eat bread
it better be goo I just been doing some
work this morning
there's about a million possible verb
just arrived at our house including our
so far some stuff from China tomorrow's
good day good stuff and went to the
doctors about my hair then as I
mentioned it probably didn't mention it
yesterday but basically and I hate
talking about this because yeah actually
this to be real basically I in like the
last two and like actually so I
developed this like I can little my
scalp was really itchy and then I
developed this lightly little patch
right here on my head I'm not really
just look so crusty and then it's just
been growing and now it's like on my
whole hairline and I said I feel like it
right started form stress is kind of
like psoriasis and then basically we're
kind of itch too like I lost my hair
there and I've got like a a patch like
not that big but about that big here
that if you said I'm not going bald it's
fine it's just up scratching and look as
you can see I just want to keep pitching
my hairline and you can see like a good
dot perch here and a dot patchy just
these little dry patches so it's given
me a shampoo that should help me with it
and I don't have to be a fitting wipe my
head we've been that thing I just don't
like about myself and so crazy like in
the black community is over coffee
immediately and blah blah
it's going to be sick and full like I've
never had thick water we're naturally
and you know I always try to go along
and stuff like that and it can grow long
where they would just look thin I feel
like I'm just going to give myself a
number one and just accept that my hair
just isn't that long or fall or I'm just
always going to wear it in the bob so be
a little afro or be it like a little
short bulb I think that's the route I'm
going to go down but firstly I just need
to make sure that my scalp goes back to
normal
naturally using a new skincare range
from a dermatologist who specializes in
darker skin tone and so far so good
I definitely feel like my face looks a
lot more even and I really wanted to
focus on my pores and like areas of
family neck which with this colored
there's really high quality product
she's a sunscreen sunscreen sunscreen
had to be done
my house is parcel galore so I'm going
to attempt to swell some the parcels if
my willing husband is willing to help me
I haven't eaten all day evil to ever do
that let you go whole day you realize
you haven't eaten Mike's the man with
the plan the mare where the prayer try
not to cut the rug starting to feel like
all warm and cozy this is all new sofas
are made it is epic epic epic epic
we're trying to fix this table she
decides no I want to do I want to climb
on the table whether Stanley knife is
buts and null she just can't help myself
I know I get it you're you're cute and
everything I get it if we're doing
something she has to be in the thing
we're doing why I described to you yes
he's just had lost time with mommy
looking like slip Corrick because it was
hair wash day today wasn't it darling
you know was she wasn't like any I
washed but it has to be done you know
come on it babe I I okay yes I have a
huge huge huge wave I'm L'Oreal tomorrow
so I am prepping everything properly
tonight the car is coming to get me I
think at 7:15 it's quite an early
journey room sorted out what is like
folded you've actually got three pairs
of shoes who dresses
ready we're ready the already
what Charlotte shall is not anything if
it makes L'Oreal really get the show
going
she could it ought to be right now yeah
don't ever hear me I know you have even
more I think of it if that isn't it it's
like what we'd like yeah you get a nice
pink and everything stunning
we just done one Mount of shooting look
at the gorgeous part right here can we
do it more and our stunning group had a
baby two weeks ago my group got Lydia
okay I haven't seen Lydia - yeah I'm
sure you have good your lover we are
going to want to make very thin ugly I
keep making fun I just refer to chaos it
but I know you do not love video and we
look fantastic together which is always
fun make sure you check our channel
check out the spare these guys can't the
such good idea lovely ladies lovely lady
ginger on the catwalk FEMEN a cup
it's all good this is a nice well I'm
not having to protect like solid like
ready and what time have you been here
since 7 & 8 7 12 hours she's also going
out tonight and of you guys you ever
think about going into the life of ER
that isn't a joke like these guys are
out there grinding all day some of these
girls were here at 6 o'clock this
morning
semi on FM is why I'm tired admitting my
baby oh I'm getting goodies and I think
Oh Dean the whole point of being in
beaches odd is that I get stuff early
hello oh my gosh this is so much cooler
I can tell just bring it over for you I
have a favorite but yeah I'm tired I'm
just freaking Marco be in with bread
rolls and chocolate cakes done on my
shake now I don't know I'm going and
very sorry about that
for us and I'm it's happening
okay beautiful people yeah I look crazy
I got in I was so tired I just had
dinner and had the longest bath wash my
hair and I feel amazing
I was my wonderful husband did you miss
me
events and well he always always
avoiding me my exercise routine thinking
Jesus kind of message in at night now
then is a good thing or he's just
telling me that I need to get there
you're the one I came to the idea I'm
not sure he's good to this he has helped
me I'm just hoping where I can okay I
got it
why I'm going to see you later bye
