good morning everybody it is currently
Tuesday and I didn't actually vlog
yesterday and I didn't upload a vlog and
I was on a complete streak and then it
felt really weird should not be picking
up my camera and vlogging but yesterday
it was just one of those days where I
needed to get loads done and I was in my
pajamas and I just did not do any makeup
or anything and it was a great day I've
got a lot done though which is good so
today we are heading to London because
we need to beat ill-trained for the
pop-up shop which is so so exciting
Alfie I think in his previous vlog he
inserted loads of like clips of the guys
that were there yesterday who were doing
kind of like the initial setup can't so
the decoration and things like that and
then today we're gonna go in sign some
more posters help in any way that we can
and tomorrow is the day the shop opens
so as you're watching this it is open so
for any of you that may not have watched
my previous vlog or you have no idea
what I'm talking about
me and Alfie and Joe we've kind of
collaborated to do a one time exclusive
load of collab merch and we're doing it
in a pop-up store in comic garden 21
Slingsby
place I think is what it's called
Slingsby Slingsby
something's things we place 21 so if
you're around it's open for 12 days if
you're around come down say hi we're
gonna be popping in randomly I actually
don't know when I'm gonna go quite a lot
of you are like when are you gonna be
there I want to go when you're there I
we don't have set days that we're all
going to be there it's gonna be very
casual on that kind of side of things
it's not going to be like a
meet-and-greet situation it's just if
we're there and we happen to be serving
you
that's what might happen but I want you
guys to be just as excited to head down
there to look at the merch if we weren't
there than if we were if that makes
sense
if so weird that it's actually finally
happening because it's been something
that has been in the works for like a
month now we have tried to turn this
over extremely quickly we have not had a
lot of time to do this at all
so yeah
it's cool that it's all happening I
guess that's why it's called a pop-up
just thought you'd have a bit more time
there I kind of loved the outfit I have
on today you may already see it you guys
know I love a weird jumper this is from
Zara and they have it in navy blue with
navy blue pom-poms and they have it in
mustard with mustard pom-poms and yes I
did buy all three because anything with
pom-poms on to me is just the best thing
you could possibly be wearing so I did
get all three but this is my outfit so
you've got the jumper and then I've just
kind of roughly tucked it into my jeans
these jeans are from where he's from I
want to say H&M I think these hmm but I
will get Alfie to double check they're
really cool they're like high-waisted
and then I've rolled them up because I
also have on these which are like proper
biker boots from Zara H&M these are from
H&M my feet look tiny in these I
accidentally ordered a size 2.5 I don't
know how I did that I think when I was
ordering online I got really confused
and for a moment I thought 35 was a
three but actually 36 is a three so all
the shoes I ordered I did a little haul
online all the shoes I ordered were in
size 2 or a 2.5 but actually they fit me
better so maybe my feet are shrinking is
that a thing I don't know and I've got a
little t-shirt on underneath this
because it is actually quite warm in
this I've been packing my suitcase
because we are staying in London tonight
in an air B&B which I'm excited about
because I do love a good air B&B and
because we're staying overnight and then
going to the shop opening tomorrow
morning I've been packing my suitcase so
yeah got a few little bits and pieces in
there and just trying to get a bit
organized
Alfie's currently in a meeting so
basically the second he gets that was
meeting we need to hit the road and I
have driven into central London before
so I know I can do it again but I'm not
gonna lie I'm quite nervous about it
because driving in central London is
terrifying
everyone is so like impatient
you really get that time to be a bit
indecisive or a bit slow about decisions
on the road so I'm gonna try and think
screw everyone else I'm gonna drive at
my own pace
that's gonna be great that's what I'm
telling myself anyway we arrived I got
us here in one piece I'm so happy about
it because I'm not gonna lie at one
point it was kind of terrifying I was on
a massive roundabout with like six lanes
we're here it's all good when I on a
taxi on our way to the shop haha
I think we head downstairs to find Joe
come on out Joe's already made a sign
don't come in I'm having a dump its
freeze but on this side look oh it says
here it's free unlike my pops I'm very
excited about this week I'm worried that
I might actually quit you shoot we are
currently signing I'm rolling posters
into tubes which takes longer than we
thought it would my makeup is all Mary
I'll be trying to upload a vlog Joe
snuck off somewhere as he always does I
watch TV
oh yeah that's the Oh
rowella that's so funny
who's watching me do it now unleash
let's not use that advice that no one in
this area yeah he was not a nice Pig
I'll be and your house is not like a
desert now you take off all the room I
can't really play it no I can't sign
from my angle this is up the wash and
then that's what
the
the
this is now my last pile of the night it
doesn't look like a lot but trust me
when you're signing them it feels like a
pile never goes down but I'm so pleased
that so many of you are gonna have one
we have now finished signing I look like
a sweaty like I'm sorry fee mat look how
grief yeah I was testing out a new
foundation this morning but has not
lasted well at all so we're about to
leave I just thought I would show you
all of this this is all stock that's
crazy
right let's go home now that we're
actually upstairs I can show you a
little bit more of the shop though look
at this I mean this is the wrong way
around the creature store open Monday to
Saturday 10:00 to 6:00 Sunday 10:00 to
4:00 and then we have like this little
area or you walk in got the rope so you
walking down this way look how cool it
looks it looks so cool hope you change
are they okay and then you walk through
here we've got a display here with some
phone cases and some plants looks great
and some pops of it and then the same
here
I like the little arrows showing you
which way to walk around then all these
on display so that you can see them
decide which one you think will be your
size etc more phone cases little cheeky
mirror some tote bags a huge mirror
which I love and then you've got all the
clothing up here and then all in here in
all the different sizes and they're all
labeled small medium large extra large
and extra extra-large in all the colors
when you come around here and we've got
all the posters so we've got the yellow
ones and the white ones and they're all
signed these look fab I love that
they're all in the little like metal oh
that one in the wrong one no it was just
sticking out a little bit so I'm pushing
them down
perfect I really like oh I like this
little Newark a little photo area I'm
here I love their SLP B I'm going to
take some pics on my phone you think boy
you were right are you that like person
no those people were four bitches and he
said I don't know who you are and said
to your daughter do you know who you are
who he is and the door to head no who
are you and I thought I can't explain
YouTube I say have you heard of he's
that seeing I was like yeah I was like
one direction literally like this oh my
my arm
he's taught to wet so I was actually
wondering closer to you right oh my god
we're gonna get here by God that
actually does serve you right oh my god
this is like five way traffic it does so
it does serve me right but I thought the
daughter was going to go excited about
one direction you're done you would know
who is in the band do you know what I
mean like if you're gonna have that kind
of reaction you would know that you were
not in one direction at all
there's a cop there's a couple that
coming down this way I feel like we
haven't really filmed much today I'm
sorry guys my going to of course you've
had it's mint lemonade Oh even better
great lemonade Alfie you doesn't like
mint in things so we're just back at the
air B&B oh you really love these
curtains trying I've been trying it out
because my hair has had told me that
curtains is coming back to I feel like
your house getting thicker yeah you've
like my brain rocket price if he does it
it will look sick guys remember this
remember this floor because one day when
curtains is relevant again everyone
tweet this video but look so you told
you Jo read the future of once okay
someone's behind on trends but I mean I
had the tremor of the Kurds I feel like
we're completely spoilt for choice here
because on delivery there's 222
restaurants I kept saying say move to
lunch you like London no I could never
live here right I'm gonna end this blog
clip so say something about today I can
do your fart noise with my chest bone
though or it's your it is Wednesday
it is shop opening day and it's a lovely
day in London the Sun is trying to break
through which is so nice I've just kind
of read cold my hair this will drop it
looks quite like spring EPROM but yeah
I've just gone for like red stripes red
lip little red shoes
I'm so excited we've already had photos
of people queuing outside the shop from
like 7:00 a.m. you guys are crazy like
actually crazy all the sun's coming out
so I think now it's about half past
eight or maybe it's about quarter to
nine we need to leave basically any
second now
are you coming in to tell me already
yeah I need to do my hair look at that
it's like a nest I think it looks great
but then we're gonna head down there how
many people are there now I don't think
any of anyone who's there now it doesn't
watch your videos they just like mine I
mean that could be the case how many of
that I don't know hundred no surely not
yeah I don't know I just know people I
hope you people are gonna just trickle
through all day yeah I hope so I hope
there's not like a massive influx at the
start they're like no one else visits
for like the next 11 days yeah as and
when oh I lost one of my earrings down
the side of the bed oh no there is way
to put these in so glad your fans are so
well-behaved
oh that's so nice I do always say I have
the best viewers but I do have the best
viewers like no one's ever like nasty or
judgmental you're all very like warming
and kind to one another and I do notice
that it never ever ever goes unnoticed
and I really appreciate it but also it
means that were all part of a very nice
positive community yes it can get very
busy right
I just like to say where we're staying
is like fairly central and it's just not
noisy I was expecting it to be so noisy
and it's not and there's on one side
hammering so that seemed quite funny
this t-shirt is from H&M
my jeans are from my Selfridge and my
shoes are from
oh my gosh Topshop I've got like a
proper mixture of high street brands on
today that was like the most cars like
I'm wearing this and I have this on oh
do you want to explain to everyone what
be be creamy house it's a body shop one
isn't it
yeah maybe like a moisturizer with a bit
of pin in it that's like a moisturizer
that sheets makes your skin look a bit
better right oh I could show you my
outfit in here there we go top hmm
jeans Miss Selfridge I really like them
they're a great fit and then shoes
Topshop lipstick is a color pop one by
Alexis Wren and earrings are ASOS and
Maria Tosh I also just want to say how
much I freakin love this wallpaper with
this cute bar cart in front of it it's
so nice it's got lots of birds and they
start off bigger at the bottom and then
they get smaller I don't have to sign
any posts its way like I'm gonna have to
roll them yeah not good
on these ones yeah I know but we don't
move any oh we could start taking caps
off of them a little white you need to
you need to start on a new D Kappa
noodle yeah yeah it's my least favorite
job because it makes my nails hurt oh
I'm not sure I can even watch you doing
it if I'm honest you're gonna break a
nail yeah there's one there okay why we
need to write yellow one or whatever man
enter or not oh yes
we've already Tory's we got staff
t-shirt on I don't know if you can see
it says staff on the back and everyone's
gone I hope they have no open the shop
without me
oh no kind of annoyed because my battery
is rushing I didn't bring a spare one so
that's good
I have done my head
we design so exciting they miss
competence otherwise you don't get one
okay let's go alright so I was I've
still got my staff t-shirt the yellow
one yeah everyone's got the other ones
ones and yellow is actually saying very
well with gold
so as ever I go and you change it up and
I don't have flashed it a stock or not
this is a stock yeah I know so I just
pick whatever so it's nice it's out the
packet in it picked up by just you know
chocolate cookie got a little tiny brown
mark on it so that I can't we can't cite
now you need to pick that that's work
he remembers he remembers this is the
first gloom office but al he's going in
there
don't go in there Alfie no texture
picture does anyone remember this the
very first gleam office that I ever knew
anyway everybody it's been a while since
I've actually properly logged the
opening of the shop was flipping mental
there was so many people there was like
a queue around beyond where anyone
expected it to go which I think at one
point was a five hour long queue and got
very unsafe inside the shop just outside
the shop and at the back of the shop
basically due to the large amount of
crowds outside we were also told that if
we didn't leave didn't the entire shop
would be shut down permanently like it
wouldn't have reopened so we had to
leave which was sad because we were
prepared to stay and meet everybody on
that first opening we weren't intending
to we're intending to like pop in as an
but you know just pop in for a couple of
hours and like see the opening and see
how it went and then we were like oh
there's so many people let's let's see
it bless to stay the whole time I would
be really nice to on this first day well
we're all here together alas we could
not and then trying to leave with a
nightmare someone right in front of the
ubirr like it was crazy after that I
think I came home and ate pizza and just
fell asleep but I was just like I don't
know I think I thought just all the
emotions and it was just a very big day
and it was like amazing how many of you
came it was overwhelming when we first
open those doors never was such coming
and I was like try not to cry oh so
overwhelmed all these people have come
to the shop which has been put together
so quickly and consumed so much time and
and so many of you want to come down
which is amazing and then yesterday it
was really busy you okay there
I didn't really blog anything but I had
a day here I didn't leave the flat can
you not throw I'm probably working out
recently
you can tell yeah I'm really proud of
you Joe so I had a working day here
yesterday I had to get loads of things
oh no I did not
you had chlamydia yesterday can you guys
stop and I also had the worst headache
all day Joe I've told you a lot of times
not scratched and snow is how you smell
genuine cat I mean genuine disgusting
this morning at me and Alfie went for
breakfast without his dad in Balthazar
which is really nice we are signing more
posters because we just got tot they've
sold out stop I'm gonna have to edit all
this out please just end this clip I
really like wise good I'm really glad
you like rice Alfie I'm sure we all
really needed to know that so we are
currently now I'm not going to so we're
currently now all signing posters
because the shop just ran out so that is
what we're doing right now in whatever
he was he's not wearing anything yellow
right Joe you've got to sign these ones
as well as Alfie so you may as well
start and I'm gonna crack open one of
these once Alfie comes and helps me
because they're so flippin heavy I
cannot lift it I found myself thinking 3
min about boyfriend
I think we're going a bit delirious
we're having a pepper one D probably
what's it called Wow
oh my god don't ever though we still got
you still have to sign that pie off I
don't see what 400 more of that yeah
come on get those out I need to start
knows we've arrived and we're gonna do
like an hour just before it closes
meeting some of you which is fun and
I've got the blue t-shirt today but I
don't know whether it goes with my jeans
Oh
ready let's go
kick him out kick him out so weird to be
in here with all the lights off it
should be a sharp image I love when this
house the like that
it looks so cool let's go painting yeah
here get your choice on oh yeah we're
gonna get ready we're heading back to
the air B&B we actually which was nice
because we got to walk through some nice
little streets although it's Friday
evening and it is so busy and you just
end up walking into everyone's farts and
there's so many people so far as linger
and they weird stick you know the good
thing though well I think it's good that
it takes longer to drive around London
than it does to walk because it
encourages you would walk yeah but just
then we could have got a taxi that would
have taken longer even though don't mean
walking and swallowing people's butts
