hi everyone so I thought I would do a
little vlog because I'm actually here in
Koh Samui in Thailand for the next I
think I'll be about 8 days now I have
never been so far away from home before
I've never been on this side in a while
before this is so cool and I've also
never done this kind of holiday I'm here
with New Horizons estate and it's like
an active retreat holiday thing so
there's lots of like thing with hope
there's a little bit of working out
there's really good food there's fun and
sweating so far as been lovely I
actually traveled here on my own I've
never been on a plane on my own before
but felt like I felt like a real badass
Beyonce I took three different lights
connected twice got here was about like
24-hour door-to-door but today should be
a good one we just have some breakfast
downstairs and now we get picked up and
we're going for a hike so like a
waterfall we've been told to wear
swimming costume like underneath our
clothes the thing that we're going to
like jump in yeah I'm really looking
forward to it so we'll take you along
for the ride
this is what your hair looks like when
you don't wash it for two days go in the
scene you put like with like some cream
in it and then you sweat and I'm having
like a probably on a government right
now but we've had an amazing tea day
yesterday was a rest day and so we went
down the beach had a really nice meal
down the beach and then we went for a
little wand around fisherman's village
and also had the Thai massage which was
the best massage I have ever had in my
entire life and of course of thinking
about it and I've already googled where
I can get one back in writing anyone
have any recommendations a Thai massage
places in Brighton I'm all is and then
today we went to a local National Park
and we've got a boat guide me a boat
what we're getting on pretty well these
days it was an hour and 40 minute ferry
there and then another ferry back and we
did kayaking Wasi with it was so
beautiful we like checked up to the
viewpoint and then we found the beach
and just sort of comes around for a bit
it is nice little hike this morning I
think of about 2 or 3 hours so in my
length of time and now we're off to do
CrossFit sessions with Anna
very evening watching funny videos on
YouTube from the Big Apple TV and it was
so funny I've like been crying and
telling you what The Apprentice versus
cassette boy never disappointed like
universally absolutely hilarious I will
link it down below make sure you watch
it
some right yoga this morning most likely
thing ever I feel like I could that
would be like the ideal way to wake up
every single day and but yesterday we
had a rest day out he didn't film it
because I filmed a white eat in a day
video so if you haven't seen that I will
link it up here to you but basically
included a lot of Pancakes the
revelation of a sweet corn sweeps which
are like the best thing ever
I was add another massage because again
those first thing ever and we went to a
ladyboy show and they from Alba and
Beyonce and JLo and I just spent the
whole time smiling it was absolutely
incredible morning's it currently 6 a.m.
which is well a little odd field mean
face so we are also using muy Thai
boxing and today is the final day a
colleague is going to quickly but we're
doing a surprise activity and we have
Hollywood
we're going to be doing a bit of a tour
of the island
you know visits and temples we're going
to go to the highest point in Koh Samui
recycle Kivar
as part of our ongoing prize you can
write on top of the deep like over here
by the lovely lady stupid and it is so
fine it's so
I seriously that was the life incredible
day it was so so good it is so many
things today that I've never done before
the whole Jeep thing incredible went
like in a proper waterfall like and that
kind of scared me I feel like on this
trip but of so many things but the kind
of terrified me little bit things like
throne boat for a long period of time
without a shallow travel sickness
because I did paddle boarding like today
oh my god so so so much fun but I have
been bitten to death I am like one big
gigantic mosquito bite I've eaten all of
my sweet corn strange candy sweet things
so it's time for me to go home but thank
you so much for watching this video if
you wanna see more pictures and also
just have a read about what it's like to
actually go on an active retreat I'm
going to pop a blog post up today so
I'll make sure that is linked down in
the description box below and I'll also
pop to videotape you to check out but
thank you for watching I've had such a
good time it's going to suck to go home
to the cold but that the plenty more
videos coming your way soon so thanks
for watching bye
