hello everybody and welcome to live burn
I've been in our first couple of hours
and I'm already loving life I must say
so I must firstly apologize for the lack
of weekly blogs I've been going on
recently and I took actually took a week
off from doing it and then sugar get
back into the swing of things
and then have the awful tragedy happened
imagine surges understandably I hope
just didn't feel up to it all week up
and stand I've been like really super
sad about it but I mean listen I thought
it was a perfect opportunity to get
crashing back on with the blog so hello
hi guys you really really well I mean
this been weird next and a few mega babe
from here with a mark I carry from which
we finish Willy pebbles Naomi small
Daniel P there and melona
looks an actual illness any interesting
fact and yes
so we're here for like week on bit dad
no away from window sounds filmmakers
we're here it for three days and you've
been here for a couple of hours we just
literally checked into our room which is
lovely by the way I feel very Blair
Waldorf so now I'm the same with all the
French are my kinda vibe going on wisely
which is quickly got changed and we're
going to go for a walk and I think and
doing a bit shooting things for that
start be really nice and tomorrow a
black arrived a lot of really lovely
dinner I just thought I bring you along
in the hopes that you enjoy it
experience Lisbon with me let me just
quickly show you my outfit please excuse
the mess of my room but oh my god I'm
matching my room so this little place
here it looks like candy stripe type
really lovely back detailing - this is
from next of course and then shuai's got
these really lovely notes slip on
squared meals V V is it Scandinavian
Danish no no they're really really cute
so yeah that's not come for than my
usual messy hair color the most smart of
walk outfits but what we do with our hat
it's just a way to go and we have two
girls now I need to show you this my
hotel
say look haha so so beautiful I cannot
get over it
it's literally heavenly so just in the
henchard Lisbon I believe I was think
we're going to get on the tram occasion
to decoy be famous 28 terms but they are
looking very busy as you may have to see
in the such world so I'm not sure I'm
sure but I'm with my little aiming it's
got a bogey on your face I should leave
so excuse me why I thought but now I've
got it think it still we're just a
little chair much better
- exciting - never
move until I say that but area top
radiance - well let's go pretty this
year
hi everyone me looking very sexy area
with just awash my friend my fringe gets
so greasy when it's really really windy
so just wash the fringe got the rest of
the hair back so I haven't loved so much
today and it's been a crazy day with
arrived in and all that kind of just
we're just getting ready SuperDuper
quickly before the Sun Goes Down takes a
bit to the bar outfit so I just thought
I'd check in just for the quick freshen
up I'm loving Lisbon so far really
really loving it and the girls are here
with I just divine so it's really really
lovely so I'm just gonna put a red lip
on salt is bouffant out a little next
number tonight I'm really excited about
tonight's outfit so I will share that
with you once I've got it
I think I'm going to go for a red lip
tonight the one in question is a
Charlotte hello everyone it is tell
Laura and he's like the most perfect
orange red that much is my nails
perfectly got these tons last week my
local fellow beauty and bubbles in
Manchester if you're wondering and it's
a shellac CND mumbo beat that's the
colour so if you like it put ashes on
well anyway
look - gonna get ready to talk to you so
life's gonna always like directions with
all the ladies now it's about to show
you my outfit earlier Polly said yeah
I wanted to somewhere an entire
collection statement dress like
Elizabeth and the lady been craving a
natural spring all they wanna lose
morning good morning everybody today a
tells a lot of dated Wednesday and last
night was just so so lovely we all got a
little bit dressed up and went to this
really lovely restaurant really be able
to add a gorgeous steak with Bini sauce
some fries and a little tomato salad
which was lovely but the girls got lots
of seafood and oh my god
it looked divided I had food only but
tonight I'm I've already ordered mine
I'm having seafood tonight so I thought
I would get some some stage in my life
and I never eat had a really lovely
night distracted after all spirits are
slow and it was just really lovely we
got back about half 12 ish and then
we'll meet Jen today at 8:00 breakfast
is about a seven now that classic Megan
style I'm ready
a little earlier today but surf I was
getting my hair out of my face just like
sent me this little itty fringe you know
huge full head problems there and back
so I put some little plots and something
a bit different and that way there's no
hair issues because today we're going on
a bike ride and I am so excited I've not
reached ridden being on drove a bike in
ages now like years and I was lost
riding a bike so I'm really devoted to
it quite a long bike ride I think we're
doing like a four-hour buy bread just
praying it's not too much on a road
because I will freak the hell out
yeah I've also got my beloved orange
muck mascara and yeah I'm not soaking
today and I would get really creative
open lawyers so apologies for that so
I've got on a regular t-shirt I wanted
to wear a next t-shirt show you t-shirt
now it was a gray t-shirt and
it looks like a beautiful day yeah it's
lovely great t-shirt and my grandma was
like a black eyelash lace trim along the
collar and the sleeves really gorgeous
only 12 pounds amazing
but grey and the Sun is just sweat
grains and I'm swaying a little bit I
just didn't want to risk the whole
armpit patch situation you know so I
thought on this I feel that guilty would
you like to wear the brand when I'm with
a brand I have next skirt on I'll show
you everything properly in fluid very
intimate and then I got a combo so I'm
ready to go and then my trusty fowling
aren't so glasses so yeah I'm really
looking forward to I'm so starving
desperate for a coffee so we're going to
go meet up all the girls now so really
fun day enlist and like the weather
looks divine so I'm here's a quick
outfit of the day without my bag off and
busses so just imagine and with a
Gonzalez so drunk a t-shirt really
really cute very very like 72 meets 90s
oh love it and then we've got this
little suede at skirt that kind of wraps
over ties here it's lovely ruffle detail
in this is from next and then I've got
much steel converse on and then odd
earrings this one's by Anna and Nina and
his little palm tree and this will occur
easier is from Daisy in the taxi on the
way to our bike and with Amy of course
and then jabber open the food assistance
and it is so hot nine o'clock in the
morning and bloody boiling it's going to
be a hot hot day very excited I think I
said very excited about 10 times in this
book so far today I'm very excited
safety first guys got helmets on without
the only group of uses helmet I so agree
with riding the bike on a road without
help
so rolling it together looking like
completely booked at least inclination
actually to the most beautiful church I
receive in my life you could additional
which they look like fact call a DJ
castle or painted finally we have
learned approach beep our little talk
so much wrong
Oh
oh you go home play of half-dry kids of
your book Volta say my name is Charlie
I'm ecstatic I think like this I'm
really happy now it's all right KITT I'm
gradient lalla the whirl it is good shit
know how to Kiwi I bug La Salette squid
I look at it we got freaking gorgeous
hello everyone for me and my massa
I was yeah I don't really know how this
happened cuz my parts and all day but
quiet into a hammer say today had been
the most fun day ever
I loved it being on a bike it was just
so much fun
real life where all the girls recycles
for like 5 hours when a tour guide and
he basically took us roll all the way
around Lisbon I'm pretty sure we saw
like every corner and every monument and
I begin that Lisbon is about it was
amazing so much fun the weather was
great I've learned a little bit of my
arms but not too bad cuz was quite
covered up in my t-shirt so that's good
and then we eventually got some
favorable ravenous by the time lunch
time came around and think about half
tooth and that nice we were a seafood
restaurant I got gorgeous garlic prawns
as you seen and Amy got a plate of ham
ladle and and then we got back to the
hotel the rest of the girls went and
hung out by the pool and Amy and I I
mean Amy my god afterwards what Amy and
I shot a few images for Instagram and
the blog and all that kind of jazz aim
and then I didn't really fancy sitting
this long because my arms you know and
you could just feel the Sun on them is
not good there at that like border point
and burning or blistering so I said come
up the room and to be honest I wanted to
chill but ended up just getting ready
and then pretty much on time which is
good go meet the girls now sorry I'm
like well enough
something with humans for an hour and I
might work yeah let me just talk you
through my outfit and this mirror it's
like the worst memory
and it's like really super dark self be
right back really here you can see much
clothes it's really lovely black but you
linens top with a stunning embroidery
like absolutely beautiful and that Reds
and deep oranges and why got tie tassels
and I just thrown on some really cute
little espadrilles
unfortunately the clogs I was wearing
yesterday have rubbed like right across
how about that so it's almost tractive
but I thought quite cute it feel quite
comfortable in cash tonight we're in the
jungle welcome so we're just in the
jungle and within our hotels are the
most beautiful grounds ever we're just
shooting some pics you know if aim is
turn now she just nailed mine so I've
got a lot of live up to Megan Vegas
morning from another beautiful day in
Lisbon just heading to breakfast now
with Amy so we do some more shooting
especially those holidays just been lots
of shame but you know what exactly works
out like it's not like a girl's holiday
which is just amazing
I am had a riddle of the night last
night if food wasn't great but they are
lost the drinks the girls them so a
great one all around and I'm absolutely
famished and I'm really really tired
there so but I think we're having met
the children was grab some lunch and and
we fly home late Ramadan masala tea to
end recruits and served continental
style his men able to exercise
isn't she a diamond yes yes I am let's
go when people see me taking pictures of
yourself
they just men were photographers so
anyway they roped into some new rules
I'm in the most amazing secondary
effects of an arbitrarily I was going to
have the three people and then s ensued
from eggs very Baywatch but green look
at the pool dreamy pool so well neighbor
on our way for some lunch we're going to
the LX factory which is about 50 minutes
walk from our hotel apparently there's
lots of like food markets and
independent shops and things like that
cell should be right on my street and
really focus got the little crocheted
respond very very Airy but I really nice
like relaxed morning which place and all
the ladies
- said again very excited - traffic is
good for our essa product take a sharp
like my screen full of box
oh my god it's amazing
Thatcher needs to come home with me
the trips over have so so booted and
also very blind let me just wasn't
perfect this isn't surgery yes the
church over now and after calculations
alliances landing on the girl screams
ever so slightly and light wave the taxi
now honestly this travesty incredible
like legit legit the best I think
working holiday them actually just
simply felt like all the way with loads
of girly friends which is have the best
time best group ever and I really really
hope you've enjoyed coming along with me
and at the amazing girls and the next
team to Lisbon let me know if you've
enjoyed this video in the comments below
give a thumbs up and subscribe like you
can do and I'll see you at some of this
point packing Manchester go to the blog
video or otherwise
