well I overslept the ribbon is being cut
on the pop-up shop in an hour's time my
car is currently nine minutes away from
picking me up and I have an hour to get
there and that sounds like a lot of time
very mine is not actually out far away
but it's currently like rush hour so I
may miss the cutting of the rope ribbon
whatever it is we've got a cut will we
make it find out off this little weird
montage thing
I am made it hello and there's people
here which is good I made on time I've
got 20 minutes to go and so we like cut
the ribbon on the shop
so yeah Alfie here yeah thank you very
much
I made it radio time I didn't get the
pink top memo didn't get the pink top
memo compoundings tell them not to rush
the people to check this out ten minutes
before the doors open and we have a suck
life /pb t-shirt but on the back it says
staff I'm technically stuff right now it
was so important I think I'm going for
something like this for the opening we
reckon the mums here we go the shop
floor looking great that was seating
area making the most of that later on
I've actually showed you the actual full
shop tweet your pop sockets in here pops
up just down there we've got all the
clothes here so you're the hoodies
smalls mediums larges extra large extra
extra large down there got a little
lightsabers here we've got posters all
along here ready to go all signed by
Zoey Alfie and myself these are ones
just for displays you can look at them
like that but obviously these aren't
ones you can take with you they look out
so you can see him nice and non creased
you got your your plants and stuff and
of course we've also got tote bags a lot
of t-shirts Oh t-shirts are here sorry
but that's pretty much it it's very very
exciting probably about two minutes till
we open two or three minutes to be open
and there's already apparently 500
people five minutes do it over
and it's about 200 people of 2 to 500
people waiting outside all this started
about two weeks ago as an idea like we
should do a pop-up shop in London and
now or two weeks later we've managed to
make all this happen Matt I missed it I
missed the hand thing
having outside like don't steal anything
believe me for two minutes we've not yet
made a sale made a sale who's gonna be
the first one to make a sale
I also brought I brought a present for
employee of the day yeah I bought a
president for employee of the day yeah
Joe and class hit the road on DVD come
on we close to our first two customers
go and find Debbie Farah she now is
going what did you get
nice right I finished my first shift in
the shop now time to go upstairs you've
got a lot more posters design but the
queue is still never ended so I'm down
here in the dungeon signing more posters
and apparently queuing told the queue
outside is still mad so I'm gonna send
I'm gonna send one of my elves as soggy
enterprises off on a mission to go and
flog the queue so if you're in it
congratulations if you're not can't
definitely come back another day the
best chance of meeting us it's the best
chance of meeting us is on when we have
a day that thing because it's very very
hectic upstairs and it's not a mean
group we can't be up there all the times
you all come down actually do other work
like putting posters into tubes and
signing posters and shifting stop and do
the kind of things so we're not always
gonna be I've been able to do meeting
grace that's not part of it it's just a
shot that we're gonna be typically now
so I've now switched to the white white
hoodie because I picked up I just had a
chocolate cookie and I picked up after
wasn't a left little mark on itself all
right I've got this now
so hey how's it going oh I look so
sweaty and your camera directly I can
post it up there you'll be fine
guys don't forget remember employee of
the day is still a thing yes that's
right and for the dating to price this
date today is Joe and Caspar hit the
road USA on let's do Co you want that oh
wow that shop to run but it's been a
crazy day at the shop we're heading off
now
of course employee of the day guys
big moment painting outfits not you
that's mine if you like now the great
thing say that's good you're trying to
get a last-minute contender for employee
of the day aren't you
but employer the day has go to be these
congratulations sorry but notice it's
pretty woman got 12 more days of this
yeah I've got I've got I've got 30 more
of these back at my house don't worry
no sorry many thanks Oh many many times
since May thanks happy birthday to you
happy birthday
happy birthday dear mother
happy birthday too
get rid of all together birthday one by
the way I've got to mention in the vlog
it's also a mom's birthday today
yeah we're ending up in our peas
favorite arcade the arcade everywhere
you win shoes but the most expensive
ones at the top concentration on his
face though oh if you can get it through
and then you win you win Oh
oh my bit
all the members stuff coming out
everyone else is like yeah there's a
little bit later on the day now and I'm
feeling pretty lonely so I'm currently
going through kind of going for a dating
app with my sister and Alfie so easily
got certain tight so I want to prove to
her that I haven't actually got tight I
like all kinds do you think I don't
think they do you have like the weirdest
personality you need someone that's like
on your level okay you swept down Oh
picture fraud yeah she's married yeah
she looks nice shake back apparently I
like the venue she's a no joke no I like
a friend
Oh punched a little egg thing I like her
yeah boyfriend could be a brother oh
right you need to give this to me
because you are being so wonderful no I
feel like when I went dungarees just
worries me a little bit so I'm not know
like I'm not edgy enough for them I like
that yeah she's pretty she's pretty
she's so pretty I hope you look at this
one
no let's find out more about her first
who Joey oh my god Joey concerning she
like Christmas back Oh
get inside me my homeboys are Wagamama
we've got the delivery there this time
couldn't use a sua chopsticks normally I
have where are they if you didn't know
you boy do knows I did a whole blog
about it but my grandma gave me these
chopsticks which essentially give me
free Waymon off the rest of my life I
think which is pretty cool thanks Alfie
right I am off goodbye I fell a couple
character helps every everyday now these
farmers even if you didn't move in the
sticks of brightener in Brighton I'd be
able to see more often but now that
comes annoy you all the time yeah and
come run scratch the little bird woman
smell it tomorrow tomorrow for work day
- cheers man so he just I don't know
right it's that time of the evening Oh
an update are you kidding me no I
genuinely can't remember the last time
that I played Xbox or Playstation and
not filmed it and not thought to myself
I can make a video out this and I really
really got into battlefield one even
though the games been out for quite a
while now I if the last like week maybe
I've just become really into it
I watched film called hacksaw Ridge
which is an amazing film I reckon if
you're into your war films I recommend
you watch it it's a based on a true
story and it's about a medic and so now
I just always play as a medic for this
game just love going around the
battlefield healing people get my
syringe errands going around inject them
bringing them back to life again that's
what I want to do I don't try and shoot
anyone I'm just going around to try and
become the best medic possible and
afters become really really obsessed
this game so even though it is currently
midnight I need to have at least two or
three games before I can go to bed
so let battle commence right I've sesh
battlefield for way too long it's now
1:00 in the morning
see Joseph he can be very very tired
tomorrow but Lim behold that is the end
of the vlog I say a massive massive
thank you to everyone that turned up
today for the launch of the critter
store sug life x.p be a pop up a shop in
Kong garden it was honestly I've never
havin anything like that for a long long
time and my battery is flashing so I
should probably go and say I hope this
vlog if you did give it a thumbs up
subscribe if you haven't already link to
select merge down to fiction box link to
hello world tickets down in the
description box you head on down there
and check it all out and I will see you
tomorrow with another vlog but remember
no blood daily bug hello
world hello world live.com come and get
your tickets link in the description see
us live and doing cool stuff
