hello welcome do love so always just
some very bright now you probably can't
see happy Monday
moving block three so visible to kind of
happen that since I lost weight you have
a sofa deliver the smoker is being taken
back because it doesn't look right it
doesn't that's too big
so what else winter put my bed up and
just little bits of bottle that I didn't
feel me because I just feel like you
know see me put up furniture so the most
exciting thing in the world so today we
have a ton of things to do is actually
actually and I'm supposed to be in
London but I mean I've moved house so I
can't get to like you might think with
me to be in London so I'm unpacking as
much as I can today so I can pack and go
to London the rest of the week but the
main task today is to unpack my makeup
which is gonna be a task in a half but
we just did get over there and see how
it goes it should be fine we've just
been and done a few job and got some
bits and bobs and I have a chocolate for
us all let's embrace ID and there's a
new style bit scenarios which we just
visited wasn't it pretty good experience
it's under it's just the same as the
other one but they're contactless so
it's really bad and wastefully money on
coffee but yeah on Monday is being you
know it started really well very
positive
so yeah I'm just I'm very excited for
the week ahead and I just stick things
up because I know a lot of you ask the
AMA so using my blog channel kind of
what's going down I will still be
vlogging with log Channel I'm just doing
my movie adults on my main channel
because I know so many of you wanted to
see what was going down so the fashion
week that'd be fun wouldn't it but then
behind the scenes what's going on if I
get to come back yeah yeah okay so let's
just text me and let me look at me
that's not going to be really
disappointed with the g7x back we should
probably bring up hurry up mom which bar
in Cannon and see what's going down okay
so this is what we're working with this
is my makeup that needs unpacking yeah
there's quite a lot like not time any
other so all needs to go in these
drawers and I've got these Alex drawers
as well but we're going to start with
these ones fast because I'm actually
gonna arrange it with my brand as
opposed to kind of product tight just
because I feel like that's way easier
for me a lot of drawers so yeah we're
kinda just gonna have to make it work
so I have the going little test are you
actually just playing with the makeup
yeah so this is what we're working with
it's you know we get him better but
there's just still boxes full but I mean
we've started to know who's empty looks
I'm not done anything so we've got
drawers but we're getting there I want
to show you some of the drawers over
here these are kind of the interesting
rules
yeah that's Nick to face it they're all
very might actually show them they wire
cells that make it home to gay
YSL in George Armani drawing only
gorgeous that's what everything's gonna
eventually but as you can tell I am
doing everything by Brown this time this
how it's being organized so yeah it's
just looking a bit different to how it
looked previously I think it's gonna
work better for me so that's what we're
going with
but yeah I just have it three of the
flat
Alex units kind of stacked up on top of
each other and then I have to Alex nine
drawers so in here is going like brands
that I kind of don't use as much or
they're never as much product from so
like anyway Max Factor brands like that
and then just here I'm getting idea
packs units all the way up to the
ceiling of drawers to put skincare all
things like that in so yet all of their
and all of that is makeup so we're
getting there we don't do bad hi
and we make seven
vej is not going to focus because just
over some things there's a tap netbook
Chris look there's a lot of there's a
lot of Matt but you know sometimes you
just have to listen to what your body
wants and my body and what am i play toy
sure yeah what's new so we are eating
salmon taboo carrots for inherit and
white Paris manners the unpacking is
continued we have moved on to perfumes
just to kind of change up a little bit I
mean I think the major progress is going
pretty well isn't it no reply they're
not honest legal that an exception to
but I just go back to my purse you'd say
actually keep all the boxes which I know
sounds extremely excessive but I see
just moved quite frequently over the
last few years so it just seemed to make
sense to keep them all but I have just
come to the conclusion I have an
unnecessary amount of perfumes but I
just wear them on different occasions so
I can't get rid of them I'm gonna zoom
you in and show you perfect use that do
you have we'll have a little talk to him
real quick so everything's a bit kind of
messy I literally just took them out of
their boxes and I'm not put them
anywhere so I'm gonna put the GCU
chopper Frank so wear this all the time
I have some new ones I don't check yet I
haven't tried yet this and some go down
at this one is sky with Georgia Romani
and just a few so I have two juicy
controls because well a lot of times I'm
going to pop them at the back because
it's obviously too this is new one from
George Armani and this one is kind of
the female and one is the male but
obviously you can wear either literally
I'm for the man yeah I prefer the male
one too
so this is you know number five actually
boards by mistake and when there's no
number five at the fresh world I didn't
actually know it's called but it yeah it
was the wrong one
so it's gonna go towards the back so
we're too often
George Armani see is like my go-to like
evening out so I'm gonna have these
right in the front because these make me
feel amazing
I also love this one by replica this is
lazy Sunday morning thing made me one of
these inspired by one of my pictures
which i think is absolutely incredible
so kind of them
so I need to go pick that up from my
management but yeah this one got my name
on it quite a few from her and I
personalized which is absolutely fab
have quiet for future rolf ones they
have some incredible settings so I'm
gonna put C right here got my dropping
everything I've got my Monsieur and then
my miss your absolutely and please
ignore my chip nails it's a very
embarrassing my Gila Hicks at la Cruz
love this this is fab now these are
actually filters for the replica
perfumes and what they do is kind of
change that like kind of tone of it so
you can like glut make it more glow or
like make it glow more even like blur it
love Gilly hooks this is going in the
front these are quite similar to be fair
like they broke quite fresh perfect and
I'd wear them both kind of on similar
occasions and then my newer ones kind of
near the front so I use them more and
then of course we have to have a little
space for all the rubbish that I
accumulate on the edge of my perfume
cabinet so that looks quite lovely
doesn't that look so on this one's sky
but George Armani I've never actually
tried this let's spray chested Oh Jo
who ever did like design the packaging
it smells exactly like you'd expect in
the packaging like by looking at that
does the perf you not smell exactly like
you would expect in a package that looks
like this
yeah I could imagine that mm-hmm ring is
really nice but not the kind of thing
too far I'd probably wear that on a day
to day it's not too floral E but like
I'm more so for evening times Georgia
money Sears like my everything I need
some more like kind of ug perfumes when
wonder where every silver day that
Fairless do to control the original one
this is amazing since you're sickling
yes it's all like sixteen I've had so
many bottles this is the new one and
this is
Finch share from clueless
this is share and a part of you this
isn't people of juicy glass a and I went
to dinner for it the other week to kind
of learn all about the perfume and is
just incredible smells amazing the only
reason it's going to back is because
it's near my house no juicy control one
has to be there of each other so yeah
that's pretty much my perfume collection
I mean I'm pretty impressed with it I
don't know about you but I think it
looks really pretty but it's gonna be a
pain to dust around them but you know
you do you just do some things just cuz
you know they look nice so that's where
I update so with an for a day pretty
much we just have some bits and bobs
like the rest is stuff basically we
didn't have drawers for yeah but like I
said perfumes done in here we bought
more kind of drugstore makeup that we
don't have much of I think we get is
team effort everything shared in this
house we don't have my higher-end makeup
which I don't have as much job so like
Marc Jacobs I love that product I've got
you know a full drawer full of besides
but not enough to fit in like the larger
drawers so they have their own special
drawer here my things have beautiful
palettes by the way there's a few in
here that I'm just like so in love with
hey everyone
so we are finished or about to head off
to the gym we've done as much as we can
today but I'm going to back later to
like move my desk and stuff so I will
show you but we have to take a quick way
to go to the gym I've got my gym camera
and we're going to the gym let's go so
pleasing all the horrific lighting I
picked the shortest bulb ever but this
is how we're looking got my desk in just
to keep the same desk that I had
previously just because it's you know
works out better kind of value for money
to eat that I've got my drawers have got
there the drawers and then the rest of
the stuff to put away down here I in
fact you're coming with me
yeah not really not bad so I just want
to end this vlog off by saying that
there is more coming soon
my baby is back I figure is so hard to
film unlike other cameras to vlog with
but I realized like say a massive tank
he's accounted for fixing my camera
again
she had a smash screen I say she because
my camera is my baby like it's also
silly but I did not realize how hard it
was to manage without this little thing
so yeah we're back to vlogging we are
back to one point content but good
quality so yes uh thank you so much
watching this vlog I really do hope you
enjoyed it please do leave me a comment
down below if you did enjoy and we can
have a little chat and I'm about to go
film another movie vlog right now so
I'll see you then Hey
