anything induced by the pita loved it
and the pita turns you like Baywatch
style intro hi the braids are back yes
whenever I'm going to leave the country
I change my hair so got some braids and
I'm looking forward to doing the updos
you know the swept across things I did
forget to ask for parting so don't
really have partying it's a bit of a
different different look but yeah so
this is the week before I go away so
I've finally for my flight details I'm
flying out to New Orleans on Monday it's
such a felt scarily real like even more
real I need to sort out blood contents I
need to try and like prepare you know
the next two weeks worth of posts which
is not something I'm used to doing you
know I always try and get ahead of
myself and then I'm just never ahead of
myself which is annoying I'm going to
try my best also writing some content
for another website so I've got to make
sure I get that ready plus my videos I
really want to have a video going out
every Sunday there's a single business
development which is quite important
when you're a freelancer so you've got
to you know set aside a certain amount
of time per week to develop as a
business and that is something I
probably don't do enough of so for me
it's just chasing emails identifying
your opportunities you know fine-tuning
things whatever so I'm going to try and
do a bit of that you know I want to get
as much done as possible so I can be on
that plane and watch the movies but I
want to catch up on all the oscar films
because i just forget to see films and
then i just watch them all on the plane
so that is the plan this morning I'm
going to head to the Oasis press stay
because I find with blogging sometimes
you'll you'll be on a brands list and
then that person leaves and then you go
for two years without that invite or
that connection and then you get back on
the list so you know I'm at the back on
the list stage so I'm going to go there
and then I might have an event in the
evening I'm not sure it depends on how
how much work I get done I'm hoping to
go to this Israeli food event so fingers
crossed
and get my work done and I can take you
with me that is the plan for today so
better leave it's like randomly like 10
degrees today and I refuse to wear a
winter coat so I've got thermals
put this dress on and I'm going to put
socks on as well so that is a plan so
let's do
this Wednesday this is interesting and
acts against it for me before it's the
first time I can it look like this hello
so I've just been to the Israel event
but a little bit about Kennedy's actor
Bruce alone apparently Kennedy is like
really happening and it'll be cool
should we and in history as all at home
might try and work on something else and
then
in Tunisia fulfilling hello so it is
Thursday and what I've been doing so I
have my mentoring again so now to want
to keep errands I forget some stallers
because obviously I'm going to be south
so we said that a ridiculous I'm I've
just got the Soudan tracks today and I
might go to another place later on we'll
see how we go so I couldn't wrap it up
cause I'm going to be I'm going to show
you around
loaded walking with that sexy home you
so much of a day a little popping in
trying to you know run loads of errands
as I got into cold had a little look and
bought this necklace which is rather
nice then yeah went to the Bowdoin event
and then went to the correcting space
and kind of finished off the content
that I need to write for a client that
make sense the client I work on lots of
different things at once and I keep
doing drafts and dress until i'm happy
and i think that's just just how I'm
going to do it
yeah I've been planting a lot of seeds
recently and some of them are growing
that sounds really really cryptic but
yeah fingers crossed you know free arms
life is going to continue touch some
wood and all that I'm going to go to
Zumba please finish of approach that I
need to do for tomorrow don't know if I
can do it in front of girlboss has
anyone else been watching girl Bluffs on
Netflix I'm on episode I think eight or
nine Netflix is so bad for like making
you binge watch and yeah I find the main
character quite annoying but you know
I'm very intrigued as I've read the book
obviously know the story of Nasty Gal
so I want to see how they do it and how
it plays out and I quite like a style as
well even though she's annoying so yeah
that's how my Thursday evening is
looking
so I'm just about to get ready because
I'm going to shoot some pictures with
Georgia because I wanted your post on
the best nude lip colors for dark skin
tones so we're going to go to shoot by
the pink wall that you've probably seen
before expecting a that shot edited and
then come back I want to film a fashion
video so I'm going to do it in my room
normally I go out and about but I'm
going to try and do it here
I should be multitasking let me watch
yourself I just know I have crap
everywhere so Jack know how how
interesting it's going to be okay
so I'm putting on one thing I'm putting
on my wife's el primer and god I'm using
this Nippon fab color corrector which is
quite cool because I put it on and just
evened out the dark area today notice
our areas really that darkening or I
don't know my changing color oh yeah
I've got her looming in the oven so
remember remind me to get that alumi at
the upland the Chinese the rest of this
Lancome foundation I picked up a sample
at fennec it's quite handy they'll match
your shade and give you a free sample
and I think I've used this for about I
don't know five oh bloody hell I've just
cut it and it's gone on my desk or click
didn't go on me and you can get a free
sample so you can find out your shade
and actually test it because I just find
it takes me a long time I can't test
things in shops because of the light
light is rubbish
and I actually don't buy it I think it's
a good like foundation for and I'm a bit
paler anything indoors by Lapita
love bit of Lapita so yeah contour oh
god my makeup is such States and using
the Smashbox contac it contr kind of
speak I don't really contour properly
I'm just going to put a little bit here
emphasize the cheekbones and so gosh I
think I dropped it so that make the
bronzer that I like I don't know where
it is just on my floor basically so yeah
my favorite blush is is large top
knowledge obviously it's not Taj Mahal
so I've been using this a lot it's just
very golden I try and put a lot on the
cheek more on the cheek and I like blend
it out I think you can pretend that
you're using a highlighter but it's
really just all blush
I look mad oh bloody how I put too much
on
so you thing is you need to like really
build it up because you can go overboard
mmm the bareMinerals bear pro powder in
chai 26 just to set everything but what
I've been using quite a lot is my morphe
360 palette there's so many different
shades but I only use only really been
using this shade in the middle I just
love this like bronzy color so I've been
a little bit on my eyelid like to check
my halloumi who me me the halloumi is
fine I did not burn salute me so I
Rimmel exaggerate eyeliner cloudy hell
I've dropped the eyeliner super flick up
here moderate flick like this flick this
lick bit dodge i've even the mouth I do
feel like I'm in some kind of sci-fi
program you like I have my lunch but
first we're going to wish Lucy happy
birthday happy birthday how you putting
your birthday I'm here 800 and I have
any things out Oh exciting I don't know
what you do and then oh it's not really
that interesting Lee I'm just done
genteel now you can live their usual
chores
don't you favoring the New York she's
living the glam life oh I'm so jealous
I'm going but then you're going I'm
going as well no two weeks maybe TV oh
yeah
two weeks later you'll know all the
things before me oh that's good whew I
smell be good even if we got your ester
yeah you got get in the country help
meant to have done it 72 hours before
only so maybe maybe your boyfriend's
work together country okay that's not
how that goes hello so I've just
finished shooting with Georgia
always come to this really nice Street
just so good
classical houses and it's perfect for
backgrounds and the lights really good
so yeah that's done first shoot I'm
going to try and do my outfit video now
I have no idea what like where I'm going
to do it but I'm going to try and make
it work in my messy bedroom hello so I
think I made it work I've got my light
on my bed you can see my setup yeah it's
just really tricky when you try and do
everything in your bedroom and I realize
I probably probably can't do another
video like this but you know I've tried
it I've tried it and yeah I'm glass the
plan a little more in the future but yes
I think I've made it work I'm going to
make some food I think it's gonna make
it sorry gonna look on Pinterest for a
bit of inspiration so this is what I'm
going to make lentil and sweet potato
curry but I'm missing the coriander
don't really want to buy coriander when
I'm only here for like 3 more days so
might see if one of my housemates have
some and this is the finished meal so
I've got lentil sweet potato and
chickpea curry bit of coriander in there
with couscous mango chutney and
poppadoms it's quite a good one to make
it full of store cupboard ingredients
pretty much and it's made quite a decent
quantity so I might put it in the
freezer so yeah that's my wild Friday
night I think I'm going to watch an
episode of girl boss might shoot myself
and then I'm going to try and start
editing this so yes
see you tomorrow
hello so it's some day this is the
packing situation yeah not really
finished packing yet but you know it's a
working program I'm off tomorrow I have
been to America in six years so I know a
lot has changed and it's quite an
interesting time in my life and in
society to do this trip as a reminder
I'm heading off to the deep south with
Trek America and one of bloggers trips
as just bloggers and youtubers and
instagramers so we're going to be there
for like 11 days in total including
flights and that sassy stars yeah we'll
be going to New Orleans Nashville
Natchez Birmingham Alabama Nancy and I
might be it there might be somewhere
else and then back to New Orleans again
so there will be a lot of lb a mixture
of history food activities are we going
to the great National Park never going
to the Great Smoky Mountains so yeah
it's going to be a real mixture and
that's what I really love when I travel
to get like a you know a flavor of
different things you know the food the
culture so yeah it would be a really
interesting trip and it will give me a
chance to put the history into context
as well so yes still not quite feel real
make sure you're following me on
Instagram because I'm going to be
posting daily stories so there'll be a
bit like vlogs but a bit more haphazard
there be lots of boomerangs and all that
or schedule tweets I'll still have some
blog posts I have a video next week so I
finished that finish my passion video
and yeah and then when I get back I'll
have vlogs about the trip fingers
crossed I forgot to say my Instagram
handle is I am Christabel for app I am
Christabel my blog is called I want you
to know doctor at UK so I leave
everything in the description box my top
comment goes to capricious Elle and she
left me a really nice in-depth
multifaceted : we do have a
multi-faceted comment and yeah it was
really really useful thank you so much
and if you've got any other tips or the
places are going to let me know and yeah
as always thank you for watching if you
like this video please like it obviously
and subscribe I think my day makes
you're following me and yeah I'll see
you all very soon
it's very to look after yourself I have
a freelancer and sometimes I just my let
things slide and that's not good because
I am my own best asset and if I'm not
well I can't do anything
