do you like this Michael I'm not sure if
I'm actually going to upload this video
but if I do this makeup look would have
been up already you guys requested it
from my hijab tutorials I did recently
like you guys going crazy over my makeup
so I'll make up details an oval tutorial
is out anyway today I'm going to London
I'm gonna see friends and I'm going to
be going to this new restaurant I've
been invited to and which I'm excited
about because I love food I don't know
do you guys want to see more vlogs or
not hmm let me know look at this mess
did you just see my feet I'm gonna have
to cover out one thing you guys need to
know about me
and so like I can't go out with bold
lips ever like I don't know why it is
but I don't know what it's so I'm taking
this off Wow amazing
hmm why do I have pink lips I don't
understand I just got a scenario and the
really good thing about Stacey is right
next to the station north on V station
so it's like literally places and
locations also
and Islam happened is got my Mohito
these fries it like me and stuff some
kind of some kind of latina thing Oh
talk afraid okay taco fries and this
little feta cheese salad with dates oh
it looks really good just so good guys
you
basically I want to clear the title
anyone know what this chocolate is cool
testing was it good Nutella because
actually this cool you not tell abut
this I'll tell him in return
do you know anything I'm Italian
Hafiz hello mock Spanish Brazilian why
are you
hi guys so I just finished filming my
snapchat Q&A um I'm not sure how long
I'm gonna be blogging Paul this is why
we're just stick my selfie stick on
because it's gonna be easy for me that
you guys are not writing my face all day
yeah by the way do you guys like my lip
color even though I never try the Kylie
Jenner new lipsticks but if you like
this looks like is it Dolce okay
that one I feel like it looks like him
do you want to know I have on I know you
do okay so basically what I have on
first of all stripped down by Mac which
is always my base for nude lip I always
put this lip liner i line my lips and I
filled them in and then I used um Inglot
lipstick the nude 14.4 and 4:04 sorry
which looks like ah it's basically the
same color as naturally transformed but
it's just a bit more matte it's
basically a very nude nude so if I went
somewhere on its own it just I just look
like a ghost so because it kind of
cancels out my lips and I don't have
lips
looks very identical to naturally
transformed
but this is just a bit more like not
Matt anyway so I'll put look at that on
top and then I went in with a very very
small amount of very small amount of one
of these Brown concealers but very very
small enough you don't want to put too
much as I just gonna be bound yeah I
really like it's such a complementing
need for medium tones hey I'm definitely
gonna be doing a lippy video like
favorite Lupe's and favorite lip combos
and stuff it's actually quite sunny
today let me show you look at the light
on my face all these pictures are so
cool dubbing it upload someone Instagram
so yeah the line here is impeccable the
lighting is so nice hey guys so I'm back
on this logging thing I'm basically
thinking of vlogging every week before I
go to Nigeria and hopefully I'll
hopefully try and get some really good
internet there and post some vlogs while
I'm there so it's not just one big or
small vlog at the after I come back but
regular vlogs while I'm there anyway I
just want to tell you guys some really
interesting good news I don't know if I
said it on camera before but I've never
actually had a job in my life like a
proper job where I've given my CV in and
had a meet add like an interview and
whatever um but recently in fact today I
had an interview and I've got a job and
it's a really exciting very different
kind of job something you wouldn't maybe
wouldn't expect me to do and I'm
basically going to be working at a
dessert parlor yeah I know you guys are
looking wet but I'm gonna be working at
Dolce lounge you probably have heard me
talk about this company or this dessert
shop what do you guys cool it do that
lounge dessert let's quit a desert
lounge and I have like been there I've
known the owner for quite a while and I
wanted something to do in the time
before now in Nigeria like part time
other than doing my YouTube and whatever
so I thought I'd contact Camilla and I'd
speak to her about it
and tell her I wanted to work and gain
the web experience so this is basically
going to be my first job ever and she's
agreed to let me blog cheering so you
guys will be seeing me doing things fast
hand like I've never done before
and experiencing very different things
like I've never done before so I hope
you're going to enjoy that I will be
vlogging through my experience so you
guys can see a little bit behind the
scenes of what goes on in a dessert
parlor it's worth basically so I'm gonna
be bugging also good news for people if
you're on Birmingham
if you live in Birmingham or if you're
visiting if you want to go to dulcis
lounge just mention my name and you will
get a 10% discount I think it's ten
percent yeah it's them some discount
from your order so definitely don't
forget to mention my name anyway back to
the blog I'm gonna start working on
Monday today is Friday night Christmas
day I have the worst headache right now
it's actually really bad like I've never
had a headache this bad before I don't
know why is
you
