83 in Punta Cana and we are making
progress with the jetlag
Caleb Gough at 10:00 to 5:00 get a free
30 that was good yeah well supposed to
get a story if I have lied again mom a
camel family playing with fire
yeah they were famous last night I was
feeling too small watch the claw taking
off but we're going to go to the
Nickelodeon Resort now which I resorted
have to do and have a little look around
how cool is this golden golden sponge
bob some water
those are stopping I'm gonna skip more
free we're gonna make mistake
what a beautiful it's just what I do
when I'm sure quietly found a game room
since the story logo is this and every
time the boys split they say what they
think it looks like - poof and we made
it to the beat you know a jack and today
we saw a bird because we're here so
early
can we make it to the beach we have a
rolling baby you just rode over and he's
trying to do it again yay are you better
yourself
yeah you do rolling baby I'm so happy
I'm going to yoga yes I couldn't say
we've come for Asian food but they do do
some children's choices and you one
chicken nugget thank you
you don't want to do amazing some
knocking key knocking and chicken I
guess so we're over tonight
daddy
hang on Jackson's asleep in the buggy
are you all right morning I've now lost
track of what day you were on now that
we're up and whilst breakfast was it
really well won't even look up and tend
to think so I think we've been in a jet
like that's pretty standard at home as
well after breakfast
thank God breakfast open to the 6:30 and
yet another day I don't know what we're
doing today but I'm going to look anyway
loading the car the night will fall
never thought that I would be grounded
wrong people keep living the cloud thing
thing every occasion
now whisper your name
I fear here that you'll still be round
about your leaving we're in my new world
you are both I was gonna hit my this
morning we are up to a surprise
breakfast the boys don't know what it is
I will write on the screen here and are
we going to a party
they were basically there's something
happening at breakfast and I don't know
we put successfully so yeah we're going
to vlog the whole thing and you can see
what is it we don't know eating paper is
going to be there no no where do you
think Jacqueline Rock six we put glue on
baby Jackson Dooley
the sign has kind of given it away yes
Maxine may fall asleep daddy are you
excited
oh maybe good okay
I haven't really loved since breakfast
we've just been at the pool and hanging
out and now off the line it's funny how
things all revolve around Susan holiday
but and we found a really cute little
beach bar with like the park and really
nice please say yes I want to show you
the point resort it's growing sideways
and then up
but haven't looked close to the last day
or so it's all been very say me say me
every day eating whole etcetera but
today we're going for a long walk along
the beach to our hotels just the only
difference to do and subjective in the
baby carrier and sleep less to him here
has no idea how well travel to use and
the boys are just loving throwing sand
industry building sandcastles and star
services business real life no iPads no
TVs get outdoors and having fun and
family
if I had a great big mansion I'd rather
live in shotgun Shack with you if I drew
a bro rather ride in a
you're such simple things make you happy
day day we've been there a million
if one
people now with you
if I only try
Valerie's been away Texan has a new
sound and it will make you see screaming
is not giving a headache you know
anything yesterday did me Wow
when I was
I could be like Albert Einstein I'd
rather just be dumb be with you but
we've had quite the eventful day but I
haven't really loved loads of it because
some of it was quite stressful Caleb
locked himself in the bathroom in the
hotel room so we had to find a way of
getting him out we had to call someone
but by the time they've got here I had
actually worked I had zovut with a knife
and that happened I never was the pool
and then he ran off
so we nearly lost him and he's got the
worst of the direction so you have to be
so hot on him and then he had a meltdown
about not having any sweets and we try
and make him apologize which took about
half an hour because he's so stubborn
so here's been a bit tricky today but
this evening we're all just getting
ready now because we're off out to a
space restaurant it's called the space
Walker and you wear like space helmets
and everyone who works there is dressed
up as like Martians or were they what I
dressed up as - our astronauts
astronauts - it looks really really cool
so we had to book it as soon as we got
here and we only got this slot tonight
so we're looking forward to it and then
we're going to play house live
afterwards which is phrases like
favourite thing of the holiday it's
basically the evening entertainment for
the children and every night they do a
competition which they could win both of
them have already won so they're hoping
to win again basically I think they gave
everyone a turn so I don't know if
they're going to win to kind of get
ready and go to the space Walker yeah he
seems to be growing up so quickly I put
it on my Instagram anyway I'm putting
loads updates on my Instagram but he had
like his first time on the beach first
time feeling sad first time in swimming
pool he starts to roll is really staring
at our food and like showing him
interest in that and he just seems like
he's growing up so quickly he seems
massive as well I can't think you are
he'd be clear
nice cake and cookie yeah I've got to go
and get ready now don't Lee
okay you ready you see me what a fortune
hello oh my god you are a No
Oh mine the class with a helmet people
oh wow oh cool like that yeah look at
the menu it like that
Thanks so cool
you can I love alright somewhere after
Oh for at the space restaurant baby oh
cool there's a real space astronaut
outfit there does Apollo 11 on it and
all these like helmets the kids could
wear and stuff Jackson who is that crazy
person hold it oh that's one place ah
prepare for takeoff oh my god guys we're
going we're moving oh five four three
two one liftoff we're in saying thank
you to classify me the craze is
struggling to eat in this place
my cousin Tommy Wow raises just answered
a hula-hoop competition he's amazing at
her home so he's definitely gonna win
cause he won it easy anyone go crazy
maybe they own I see the owner hey daddy
you wanna hear what is a razor
