I am so not in the mood to talk right
now
I have to start the floor because it's
Monday and it's almost 6 o'clock or not'
spastics cut my week that's gone up I
don't even know the time anymore well
great
um hi welcome back tonight we keep tong
I have been working all day today so it
wasn't really much to film at all
literally just been working solidly did
my social media things this morning at
the weekly vlog done some emails and
then I sort out my stuff for London
tomorrow cuz I'm going to the lush
showcase event and these oh well I went
to Wonderland event as well which is
very exciting so I take you along for
those who do not love just working for
the rest of week and then we're going to
a an escape room in Bournemouth on
Saturday night with some pals so that'll
be fun
but yeah just welcome back to another
vlog basically I'm actually go change
into my comfy clothes now because jeans
and a t-shirt no don't want it good
morning this is definitely a bit of a
weird way to start a vlog Oh watching
YouTube but it's Harper 6 I've got
training to capture a moment at the ten
past eight my hair is clean and dry from
last night but it's very very frizzy I'm
just debating whether to straighten it
or curl it I think if I straighten it
then it'll stay like that all day if I
curl it then I main risk it freezing up
and if it rains over then it might rain
I'm gonna do my hair and makeup and I'm
off to London today but before I tell
you about my day I just wanted to say a
huge thank you for your support every
week but definitely last week I don't
know why but there was just an
overwhelming amount of extra love and
support and I just want to say thank you
so I'm off to London I've had this
booked in the diary for a while I'm
going on my friend Georgie who has a
shot it's called beau XOXO i love it a
lot and it sounds hair bows and hair
accessories and oh it's just amazing
i've got a few pieces from her but I've
genuinely bought because I like it so
much I like to support her she used to
work for lush like me and she's friends
with zoella
so Zoe wears her hair bows and if you
ever watch any of Zoe's like Christmas
videos where she has like little red
victory bows in her hair
that's Georgie's though so it's a bit of
a small world so she's been invited to
Zoe's launched today and the lovely
people at lush all
fighting us to join them for the
showcase where they present all their
new products the Christmas range
Halloween range you can buy stuff you
buy merch there's music so that artists
and bands that play
there's demonstrations it's like a
full-blown day and I'm very excited so
we're doing that this morning the last
showcase thingy and then in the
afternoon we're going to the Zoe winter
wonderland launch can't wait because
I've never been to a Zarrella lifestyle
launch before and when I got the
invitation through I was like oh so he
follows me on Twitter I've no idea she
watches the vlogs but we have interacted
on the odd occasion and I really admire
her I think she's amazing amazing
business for an amazing vlogger so I'm
very excited to see what she's produced
for her Christmas lifestyle range
finished my cook with me video last
night which is was a bit quiet on the
vlog because we were filming our dinner
and then I had to edit it I am
ridiculously early at the station this
morning it is about 20 to 8:00 my
training is at 10 past I've been here
since 20 past seven so yeah very early
but they still don't have chai latte
here it's blowing pumpkin cafe so I had
to get hot chocolates I don't practice
anything else and I love trial our days
it's been like a month since they've not
have them
now it's finally think they're doing
works immortally oh yeah at least it's
open so we're going to go ahead to the
lush event first I'm very excited
Oh
about it look how crazy this big Golden
Wonder is 1295 massive crazy
so this is my very large lush barrack
that you can't really fully appreciate
right now and I'll do a haul later but
you have got a little bag of bombs in
there for me and then I've got some
Christmas presents and stuff so I've put
it in one of these my sleep I'm up bags
along with my cokes I'm so hot I'm gonna
carry this for the rest of the day okay
well that was very exciting looking at
all the Christmas things they have some
returning old favorites and they have uh
some new bits as well so I will do a
haul that will come up later this week
I'm very very excited I've got some
great things but this event is to
basically showcase Christmas and
Halloween they do demos talks it's
exciting look at this there are three
floors as well and this is the middle
one oh my god I just love it
I'm going to a place poorly which is
just across the road from where they're
posting the like all vegan vegetarian
foods it's amazing so I'm gonna go into
the pretty Georgie I'm gonna go and join
that a little bit random but I've got
some grilled halloumi and vegetables
I've got some sweet potato and then I
found normal chips which I fancy more
and I've got some naki as well but it's
all really like healthy lovely food and
it's just free it's amazing so this is
John he works for lush
so we're going up here now oh this is so
I'm gonna try and find my friend Calum
as we can but she's here today and said
hello so I always forget when I meet you
I forget to vlog
they're doing bubble bar making today
which is very cool so it's quite busy
though
is absolutely obtained right I made it
to the sonar event all look
oh wow
hello
are you making your own hot chocolate
oh look at the little car the mug Joey
sensoria guess because you add that one
to my story yeah video John video
yes there is a fluffy
thus no visits for all of Zoe's news
beauty and lifestyle collections for
Christmas some of it is exclusive to
super jock I feel unique and it also
fits their own boots as well it all
launched today so I'll link it below
sweets instead but I'm gonna start my
showing you the BT stuff on the side
first so
me of like the doors pretty sure there
again how can you serve it's so nice so
nice
like learning issues by economical
I realize yeah yeah I'm gonna go round
and do the lifestyle stuff naps we've
done the beauty stuff and I haven't
shown the lifestyle so so the reason
that there is a big like number Advent
thing is because Zoe genuinely has an
Advent found out I'm gonna go find in a
second however this is very cute I love
these like sticky righty down no tea
things as you guys know what are these
he's a little oh my gosh a little
calendar card her dance pencil Kay's
socks and candles that little notebook
very very cute there is a bits and bobs
duo 10 another candles we've got festive
cookie and cozy Christmas candles which
is very nice warm and toasty there's a
mug and hat set this hat is absolutely
Dorne hello it matches me today I'm so
into murder still I mask and hot water
bottle it that's everything for the
lifestyle stuff like to show you but I
feel so fast it might look at this so
amazing
too much in my first
so we've shown you around
shall I can't remember for sure you're
on I still could you judge mom's life
after 30 days it's been anxious how to
just said the same thing I think yeah no
I said the steak potatoes I just feel
like I I know you anyway eNOS I'm gonna
go see other girls and say hello to them
as well
so crazy and annoying today from we
didn't come up we are currently in yo
sushi I went to the ankle with georgette
I've already got my first dish which is
a thing my favorite should you like
sushi but don't like that you are the
design chips and maybe think I'm such a
good time today
amazing follow me fellow lovely
youtubers so personally I enjoyed Lovett
edgemon SIF thank you
foodies just literally but George if
you're watching thank you so much lovely
day
I was very hungry my hair has been tied
up finally I should have just tied up
hours ago but I look like a bit of an
egg in photo so I can't decide what was
worse I can't wait to get my hair cut
now anyway I'm home and I know you guys
like seeing all to get in London
sure lush haul because let's face it I
went a bit crazy vain' I can't even hold
the bag up it's in this massive Primark
bag it's so heavy because I bought
unheard-of gifts for Christmas what is
this I'm not feeling my hair anyway I'm
going to lush so I'll show you that in a
main Channel video so keep it up for
that maybe later this week as you're
watching this I'm gonna try and film it
later this because I'm filming it but it
should be up later whatever you get a
dress watching what was in my zoo Ella
bag my goodie bag because who doesn't
love a goodie bag haul the novelty never
wears off when you're so kindly given
things in a goodie bag and I always get
so excited I'm like oh what is so
already a little rummage and I'm very
excited so so let's talk about the
canvas bag itself it actually does say
zoella on it and then on this side find
the beauty in everyday in a quote so
don't if that's like a quote from Zoe
but very cute first thing is a
stationary asset which is very festive
and nice I love this I love the colors
they've chosen for this collection is
gone off like floor like my flawless
leaf print and gold and green spots and
I really am digging it a lot I really
like this say that's about 12 pounds I
think
yep 1250 it's a boots gifts at another
boots gift set is the cozy vibes bug
this was 8 pound 15 a chance to explain
it but you know when we had hot
chocolate
they let us put all our toppings on her
staff that was like legit chocolate like
melted chocolate it was like pop hot
chocolate and when I'm not holding this
up still when I go skiing at Christmas I
didn't go last year but for a lot of the
last 10 years I've skied at Christmas
and we always have a hot chocolate break
on the slopes and in Italy in France
they
have the nicest thick proper hot
chocolates and to me that is one of my
highlights of like Christmas skiing and
that to me is a really solid memory and
to have the hot chocolate today just
took me back you know when you like
taste something what eat something or
smell something and it just takes you to
that place that's what happened to me
today
so I loved the hot chocolate very much
because it just reminded me of skiing
and being all Snuggie and Christmasy and
snowy and I loved it so got a nice
little cozy vibe smoked this was really
cute I like the color inside this I
could dark green so there were two
lifestyle bits and then I got to beauty
bits which I'm very excited about the
first one is the body mists snow Ella
which I've sprayed on me twice today I
like it so much I'm not just saying this
because I've actually tried quite a lot
of the Zoe stuff now and I could
probably list you my top five things I
like from all this all the different
collections I wasn't a massive fan of
the jelly and gelato spray the last one
I've got them all I've got all the
sprays now just a bit crazy but I do
have them all by far my favorite super
nice I don't know what's in it I thought
it'd be like sickly Christmassy but it's
not it does have like a bit of mint in
it but it is just so lovely and I love
the little pom-pom on it so cute so this
is definitely gonna be a staple in my
life now I love it and I also got the
hand cream the winter wonder hand clever
winter wonder hand hand cream the
packaging is so nice I've really used
this tonight on the train home because I
love it so much so how much is this snow
Ella is 12 pounds and if you only get
one thing from the Beauty Collection I'd
recommend that and the hand cream is six
pounds but they also have like tons of
gift sets which I've just perfect
presence also so I'd know I have eczema
and a lot of stuff irritates me like you
know generally but I had this on for
like well hours now and it hasn't
irritated me so that's a bonus
going to bed I had an amazing day so
thank you so much to everyone involved I
met so many new youtubers and old
favorite tummies I vomited to Charlotte
Hall today as well outside lush I saw
Katie Snooks positive skin just say
it's like kind of passing anyway wait
for an uber so they really have a chance
for I love her so I didn't have the
balls to say hi but um I did see
Charlotte hole who I obviously went to
Benidorm with if you saw that vlog in
May that was nice to see how briefly
she's so nice
she's so sweet and just cool she's got a
cool vibe
she's like a cool girl fuck her a lot
I've now been talking for almost 10
minutes and I look like a proper egghead
so I'm literally gonna go to bed now I
will see you tomorrow morning lovers my
room is a mess so that later
but it is eight o'clock I need to start
work I'm actually literally getting
dressed on camera which is a fast but
pajamas on and I'm very very tired today
I really want to tell you on taste but
hey that's bad and B I don't have
Nutella so me I need a glass sisters you
don't want my contacts in just yet so
let's shut these eyes on everything okay
I'll be back later I know that like
total trash today I'm pretty aware of
that I'm in a really odd mood today can
you tell I'm just gonna get some
scissors I finished up my freelance a
bit so Justin gives a new client
actually quite excited about it it's not
what it's not that exciting but I'm
excited for a new kind of social media
account to work on I guess it's just a
Facebook page like some of my clients I
do Instagram Twitter Facebook Linkedin
buddy-buddy blah but this new client is
just
anywho I just had a delivery from new
look I was sucked in because they
emailed me like three thousand times
saying we have 25% off everything and I
was like oh okay so I found these
beautiful little white lace shorts I
wanted Florida put them in my basket
happy as Larry then they sold out
literally within well the minute I put
it in the basket and went two pairs
looking at other things then I went to
pay within makes five minutes they were
gone I'm so annoyed because ASIS hold
your stuff for an hour and I'm so used
to that that I was disappointed so I
binned off me look and I got frustrated
and then like three days eight and they
were like bragging you still have things
in your basket and there's still 25% off
so I had a few things in mind I wanted
and I have just been paid so I thought I
just pick up some bits I didn't spend
much money my first thing I got was a
blazer I've been watching a new blazer
for events which I actually wanted it
yesterday but I ended up going with a
different outfit anyway but I don't know
what this is gonna look like but I
really wanted a white cotton blazer but
now the Sun is kind of over and I never
found one I've gone for one which is
basically what I'm gonna learn for like
events and dinners and things well I
hope it looks all right but it's a what
was gray on the website but it's kind of
coming up like brown and not sure how I
feel about this and it's got these
sleeves that I like bell sleeve things
it's very thin I don't know how I feel
about it unless it looks like on but
this was $24.99 boss I got 25% off so
that's the first thing a blazer I saw
this little dress which I don't need any
more clothes Florida like this is
definitely gonna have to be done faster
impacted by Birds
I really liked it I thought well well
soon it looks like it was so cheap I
think it was like 9 pounds or something
in the sale it was originally $24.99 I
definitely didn't pay more than a tenner
for it but it's like a blue gingham
style bow dress oh my goodness I think
this is so pretty
that's my fish fingers that were on in
the
and it's got quite a nice thick straps
I'm quite looking forward to this but I
don't know what it's gonna look like I
bought a dress from Munich quite
recently my mom's gonna be like
screaming at the TV I'll have fun
whatever she's watching on and but I'm
not having to say sure in it and I had
her sew it up for me and take it in and
I'm still not sure in it so that's gonna
be my replacement dress that I'm
justifying it I bought a little black
cami just with the discount I thought I
needed one of these I actually needed it
yesterday with the dresses from
yesterday but I was wearing a primal one
that has like gold straps luckily you
can see them but anyway I thought I'd
get one of these anyway
got it in a large it was $2.99 but you
know discount all that another pair of
them spanks I guess but have you been
recommending different types to me I
like my H&M ones but these were so cheap
that it was like silly not to get them
they were originally $12.99 I think I
paid $4.99 or something with the
discount but they're like mesh ones I'm
not sure how I feel about this but I
thought if I'm really hot and sweaty
then I thought they might be quite good
I'm not sure I don't know what they're
gonna look like but they're just
basically really high then they're more
for like suck you in tummy stylee I
don't know you might hate them but I'm
gonna try money waist it's very boring
whore I'm not sure about that blaze of
the morn looking out at the mall night
and not digging it but I will try it on
anyway take it out here so far I'd
written milk cereal and color I'm doing
quite well
yay fish fingers I'm a 5 year old
yes I'm coming are you cooked
yes so excited I also watched dr. Foster
this morning I loved it I'm so into the
new series I'm ready for like all the
drama if you haven't already I do
recommend it is very good so now I've
put a wash on as well that's what you
can hear I'm going to sit on the sofa do
my luncheon and then I might try and
film the lush stuff maybe I'll see
either I go and go to the gym or I can
film what do I feel like doing not sure
yet Halle keeps you updated I am burning
the spiced pumpkin that candle from my
home cents haul and it smells insane in
this flat so speaking of that hole I've
just published it I've had an amazing
response so far you guys are so
supportive and lovely so if you haven't
seen my home scents haul then I'll link
it below I filmed a video unless it's
been on or what's coming off now I've
done a lush haul from yesterday that's
gonna be coming up later this week so
that's now done so I'm ahead of myself I
normally film videos that I upload that
week but I'm actually ahead of myself so
I'm feeling quite good so that's done
I'm just uploading it on the thumbnail
I'm gonna write the description and then
Benji's coming over and he texted me
today saying he was having a bad day and
I was like you know I'm not really in
the grace of moods if I'm being honest
and he was like should we just have a
takeaway and being our cozies tonight
and I was like melt my heart little
bells like yeah I can't wait here's our
table bring Fish and Chips round so
morning oh it's Thursday I feel like I
say the same thing every time I start a
new day but I've got fresh pajamas on
I've just found these ones in the drawer
and they're really soft just catching up
with Louise and voice has gone hmm
I'm having a thins bagel with tuna and
I've cut up some pepper yellow pepper
and cucumber mixed in a bit of mayo
I've just finished up my work I've done
a so a blog post from Tuesday the
lifestyle Christmas collections if you
want to have a look about our link that
below for you all the pictures and
things I quite chop with it took me
about an hour hour and a half but it's
done now that's me mouths
done some add mini bits starting another
blog post which I'm gonna carry on this
evening
go to a collect plus place to return my
new look
parcels so I'm just trying to find the
nearest one big-ass because I want to
get some command hooks I've got a couple
of things I want to put on the wall and
I tried to drill them in I'm almost
wrecked the rule wet rat gun will wreck
the wall oh god that was quite hard to
say rekt the wall anyway so I'm gonna
try get command hooks and I'm gonna have
a little movie and I was done gonna be
honest I just really don't like about
home yet I just feel like having some
human interaction and seeing other
things other than the four walls around
my flat I think I can't do more than
like two days there before full any time
I have to get out so I'm gonna just go
and do a little browsing I love browsing
the supermarket but I'm probably going
to come out of more than just command
hooks but all see any some almond milks
well run at bat and well so I need I
think that's it so muchi and asta back
from Asda I didn't really get anything
worth showing you just some floor white
won't flow out some normal wipes my
command hooks I've got some clear ones
for Benji's have a towel in the bathroom
and these ones for photo frames
I got myself a tape measure cause I
don't have one it's really boring so the
birthday cause I'm at normal cards and I
also picked up this little cookbook is
for students it says student males 200
shoot males so I'm gonna go through that
with Benjy tonight see there's anything
nice in there we can make it look quite
nice I flipped her in the shop I finally
put this back on the wall if you follow
me for a long long time you'll know that
this has travelled with me to all the
houses I've lived at I got on ebay yonks
ago literally like three or four years
ago and I am going to make it as you can
see it's very bare at the moment I'm
gonna make it like my Disney shrine if
you like which might seem quite sad to
some people but I have lots of Disney or
on my house or flat whatever but like
the door shuts like this and so you
won't be able to see it a lot of time
it's just kind of there for me I know
it's kind of silly but so far I've got
my symptoms I've got a little chip I've
got a card that my friend Ellen that
gave me I've got two like this actually
I've got a chip and I've got another
Christmas decoration chip so I don't
think
that mistakes it doesn't really fit
there and doesn't quite fit on the Shelf
either but for a minute it was just to
see what it was gonna kind of look like
I don't know you're just wait you just
bear with me it will look good when
she's done dinner tonight we've finally
got our Netflix back on working what
should we watch though morning lovers
it's Friday it's very miserable outside
I have just had breakfast it's coming up
to 9 o'clock I've been awake since
Parcak 7 whenever Bend you left today
and I've replied to all my comments on
my home zones Hall and the weekly vlog I
was bit behind just because I was in
London on Tuesday I've just been busy
but I've applied now and caught up and
have a new video going on today which
you would have already seen as well and
I cook with me so I need to be around
for that later so I have a free morning
I'm gonna go to the gym and Friday is
way day for me
Benji nice staying at his house for the
weekend we have no plans
apart from the fact we're going to an
escape room on Saturday tomorrow evening
with our friends I'm gonna set up a
laptop and get my overnight bag out I
love this bedding it's from a company
called pip studio this is what he does
he leaves his clothes he has a drawer
let me show you well I say drawer he has
like a plastic box going on in here for
his thing so pop those in there Benji
feature wall now has Ariel princess
dress pink dress Ariel I love that so
much so this is looking very bland at
the moment but I'm looking forward to
showing you when it's done so I've done
my workout and I weighed myself like on
a one pound
about like a long well hello people on
Twitter like oh it's probably just
muscle mass effect check the muscle
percentage of that and all that
just sort of my lunch and I've got a cup
of tea I'm gonna do some work here for a
few hours I'm gonna edit this vlog so
far just hang around here because Benji
lives really close he looks like 10
minutes playing where's my look like 30
to 40 minutes away so I'm gonna wait
come to measure 5 it's currently of 1 so
I'm just gonna kill the afternoon here
basically it's 10 past 5:00
I've just finished up at the gym and I
got a lot of work done so I'm feeling
very productive I did a lot of admin
HomeLife e things as well chased up
Tiffany while my necklace was it's
coming next week apparently and went
through some of my bills and just did
boring boring boring stuff but my video
went out my cook with me applied to the
comment did all the social media need
you for that and what else did I do that
was pretty much it I've just had another
comic come through so I'm gonna reply to
that but I'm gonna go to Sainsbury's get
some dinner for Ben tonight tonight
we're gonna have curry and what else is
going on pretty much shit happy Friday
happy weekend
nothing can break me no no nothing can
break me
good morning it's Saturday and we are
still in bed Chilean we've had breakfast
we did our scrambled eggs and now we're
playing lego city if you've been
watching the books a while you know that
I bought this revenge when he was poorly
as a to play game that we could enjoy
and we're still we're still playing on
wages weeks so prepare by an hour of it
week yeah if that yeah we have that much
time to play it now unfortunately but
today I mean it's 12 o'clock now and
when we don't have plans into a 6 so I
think we're just gonna chill on me don't
I program is really big and a half times
I say should I keep a distraction until
then hey you fell to mention what I
mentioned that I use I'm gonna prime up
today maybe hold on let me let me tap
here I'm in right cool
we have not done a lot today spent the
afternoon watching a lot of my vlogs and
it's so amazing how much I've done in a
year and I actually forget what I've
actually done and had a few little like
moment sort of world up because it's
just so lovely like in the flat and
seeing my face for the first time in the
empty room and I mean that's my name at
the Cosmo Ward's and Bianca Amy and
Sophia there and Molly it's just nice it
was just really nice so anywho we're
going out well we can leave how about go
pacify this she's now going to 4 so
we're gonna go to Turtle Bay tonight
which is a chain but they have one in
Bournemouth I haven't been there in ages
actually so I'm looking forward to that
it's quite spicy so I'm hoping I can
find on the menu that's not so spicy
because I don't like spicy food so this
is the MacGuffin project
it's on the corner here in town you can
see this is the top of warmoth it's so
sunny and here is the table form of it
there actually that's why I went to
O'Neill's the other week as well so
everything's really close
we came third 38:56 and yes that is our
team name so we finished MacGuffin and
it was really good
we were just deciding if we preferred
the first or the second did we would
have started with first first a second
obviously Megan didn't do the first one
did you for the first though yeah it was
good what did you think Megan is the
first time they did help us quite a bit
it was funny that it the guy had a quite
a sense of humor didn't actually guy
minutes we had 20 minutes personal
who tables and we're having dessert
we're gonna play pool tap pudding and
drink afraid
hey guys Bergen I've just sat here
thankfully and that's me that's me that
just watching the table being high work
and that broke up my face and I'm seeing
a bit of Pinkberry
yeah
good morning happy Sunday it's very cold
some addressing I've got Justin down
here now this is quite an old one that
I'm leaving here I've got my Murray
slippers on as well I'm gonna show you
them because I said cute this is exactly
how I like my breakfast I've got my eggs
and I fo the have those perfect today as
well
a cup of tea apple juice bagel salt
pepper bit mayo yeah sappy Sunday I've
got quite a good setup here this is my
laptop I've got this is our teddy I've
got a box of grapes and these are
massive look at the size of these grapes
like they're seedless but a huge they're
snack on those and I've got Louise
playing in the background room Benji's
telly and I'm gonna do a little bit of
editing as well and finally going to
stop editing for now and I'm gonna take
a bath I'll have a bother
just put the comforter bubble bar in and
I've lit some candles now I'm very
excited have some chill time I'm
actually not feeling 100% so I think
it'll make me feel a little bit better
don't know what's wrong with me I just
don't feel great today we've had some
soup for lunch and I couldn't finish it
just well just must have title but no I
think I've just passed that then just
watching the football and he played xbox
and spoke to his friends and there's
another football game on now so I've
been editing
I've watched literally YouTube caught
religious videos I've done a little bit
writing emails and just boring star so
that's pretty much it in my day um this
week was so nice to edit I just watched
back last night's footage and edited
that and heard my friend Joe
commentating over the top which was so
funny so thanks Joe really liked that
and obviously got seeing my youtube pals
on Tuesday which was lovely so yeah the
suit was all about friends and
friendships for me next week for me
quite exciting I'm looking forward to
having some time I'm um gonna go get my
hair cut and I want this is happening
next week know a lot if you haven't seen
the home since home a hole that I put up
all the cook memory video then please do
go and get those a watch
we appreciate it and if you're not
following me on its current it already
then please do follow me and I will see
you again later in the week for a lush
haul or next Monday the wicked dog happy
good one sorry
