good morning Oh your daughter though you
go to die
how are you doing are you get I hope you
are good um I don't know the time that
your council check on my broken phone
the time is 10:30 for I'm feeling really
good today
I'm feeling really awake today as I said
well that was a man new UN wasn't it um
have you seen no like Bob dang he can t
see what it properly looks like let me
try and hit it there we go
I don't know I'm showing you it's cause
copper um and yeah I'm off to town now
I'm just waiting for a taxi to take them
because I got to fix this phone still
doesn't work well show you let me show
you oh that's good that's really good my
iPhone doesn't the touchscreen doesn't
work I've got a non-touchscreen iPhone
it's really fun you can press this
button and you can press this button and
that's it but the annoying thing is as
you saw last night I spoke to somebody
on the Apple website basically they said
oh yeah of course you can get it fixed
at 4:30 on Sunday I don't want to wait
till Sunday it's Friday today I want to
get this time ASAP so I'm gonna head to
town now as I just told you and try and
get it fixed I bet they're gonna be like
yeah we can do it if you wait two hours
or something like that I'm just really
hoping that they go it's completely
broken we're gonna have to give you a
new phone and switch out that's the
that's what I really really want if they
say yeah we can fix that come back in
three days I'm gonna be like I got no
iPhone for three days the annoying thing
is that I can't even tell people oh my
mom's probably already text me or like
friends and I can't tell them is my taxi
yeah wow I didn't think my life depended
this much on a phone I really didn't
it's crazy crazy right let's go get it
fixed it's such a lovely day
let's read the weather is just getting
so much
got many fun guys
only cost fifty five pounds which is
good and it's just backing up now
although I literally have my 80
gigabytes of photos and videos on what I
phone so I'm guessing this pack of is
gonna take from the 4th of March 2015
that's good what's the date today SEC
okay so I only lost two days that was
done restoring time remaining let's see
what it says this is going to be scary
and it was saying a trillion trillion
years so I've just left the Apple so I'm
gonna do it at home here we go ham and
cheese
I'll get ham and cheese as well get one
of them as well that was so successful
got myself with my new iPhone and I
don't have to wear to a Sunday also got
some drinks has some real sound just for
lunch let's get back because we've got a
meeting on actually the meeting scope
for that I thought it's going to be like
one o'clock and that's a half past two
so it means I can be productive I'll get
ahead early and edit my daily blog that
snuck around the side of our house you
know trying to get Zoey you know we've
got the ham cheese toasties for me and
Zoey look how they put them in the bag
are you ready no tissue or anything just
like that in gusta then we go get in
your play no you live with it like a
black little cardboard package in my
toaster they just put the toasties
straight out that's funny
I must get some no dishes just been
speeding to my camera for like five
minutes
realize it wasn't recording which is
awesome we've got 20 minutes to the
meeting which is perfect timing
fast event not on a walk I feel really
good today
do you okay no I tried to buy sunglasses
today in town but none of them look good
on me what was I gonna say yeah I've had
a coffee foam where do I put my coffee
here buy the coffee from Kosta which has
made me feel like so good and awake and
I'm like yeah no no we pop your little
ear back oh look a little she's got one
here look that wait I think she knows
what's going on we're about to take on
the wal K and she's realizing she's
realized is she going to the door okay
right let's go let's go
also I got those abortion up I need to
do just here need to will that one get
back
finish it up our meeting it went super
super well Oh someone just go to tax
that wasn't me and unless my phone's
different ringtone now anyways finish up
the meeting went super well and I was
just looking at a list the time calm in
America made a list of like 30 most
influential people in off the internet
and like PewDiePie is on there and
Tyler's on there and Bethany motors on
there then there's people that I've
never heard her before like this person
here I don't know how to pronounce her
name if it ever focuses come on
Yao Chen maybe as she has 77 million
followers on the equivalent of Twitter
77 million that's like more let let me
go back that's more than the most
followed person on Twitter it looks
exactly like Twitter it looks exactly
the same for 77 million followers by
that is just unbelievable comment down
below if you know she is you not - years
and I don't know and then that led us to
search in zoella on their equivalent of
Twitter which is called Weibo and people
were like tweeting pictures of Zoe's
burg and stuff like that and then we
just clicked a link to
- doh or to do or something like that
and here's one of those videos sorry
come look at this
I left there's a drugstore Valentine's
makeup tutorial and it's legit
somebody's just downloaded and bring
uploaded that how crazy is that it's got
220 views and 26 comments
that's good isn't that your one judo or
judo or something is that their of an
abuser there's more people down the side
yeah I'm gonna search her lol why I saw
my videos has any of them got lots of
views 40 views 10,000 oh yes sir about
up in one video wait three 400 views one
video finished Jeana I couldn't show you
what it was because my memory card was
being used whilst I was rendering out my
new daily vlog or the one that went up
yesterday but that is the remains oh oh
my god the lights in here Oh crazy his
owe me dinner which was delicious but
now we are about to have a bath which is
a little bit scary because you know what
happened yesterday when I had a bath
drop my phone in there so today not
gonna be taking part I was really in the
Bott not gonna be taking my phone into
the bottle for me I'm off coming now
guys I've been coming in ages be now my
friend or late you guys all know him
he's been in loads of blogs before it's
his 21st birthday so at me and che and
Holly and Stuart and Louis we're all
gonna go clubbing so I just go chain to
action of them actually going clubbing
because I don't really feel like
drinking and all that I'm quite tired
but it's just 21st birthday so at least
I want to go and have some drinks with
him and we'll just see what happens so
let's go chase waiting outside in the
taxi no honey you're not come in I'm
sorry you can you're gonna hang out with
mommy over there you know what's
annoying guys when everyone agrees to
meet somewhere between nine and half
past nine
the king and queen park means how you
get there a little bit late quarter to
10:00
we're very sorry guys for 15 minutes
late oh wait nobody is there everyone is
still at Ali's house which is like 20
minute walk away we just do half
responsible press so now what do we do
we're like we thought we were 15 minutes
late and we were bad friends
in fact we're like so early they're
still Ali's house I haven't even got any
cash to get attacked about to Ali's
house all right we need to go get some
cash out hey say hi so we need to go get
some cash out maybe good beef we get
some food let's be real
Olli and everyone how many people are
there like 15 everyone is Ali's house
basically and they don't want to get a
taxi into town which is fair enough
obviously but there's like 20 of them or
something like that
so what we're gonna have to do is I just
got taxi which a to here now we're gonna
have to get a taxi to Ali's then walk
back to here not a walk back here I was
just going straight to the place where
we were onion for the evenings you can't
have it I'm cold yeah then you won't
have anything listen
let's just go swimming down there hey I
forgot my swimming trunks yes you can
are you serious yeah of course you Swan
swimming with me like who we yeah and
you drown oh wait what do we two weeks
ago a movie in America by walking run in
here that looks a bit too nutty over
there serious chase we just go from meal
I've just had dinner though I have you
know I did
well maybe we're gonna have to go for a
cute romantic mailman just like
everything I do and as I'm just buying
food instead poor again Jay
what do you mean sorry ever stolen
anything in your life
I stole like can you say no I stole a
bar soap that's an it genuine fact back
home now and then we talked a little bit
and I won't snug I didn't get fish and
chips also I've got my little brace
things in mind if you like what is that
I didn't get fish and chips tonight
which is strange because normally after
every time I go clubbing I get food when
I own but it's not even like a super
super alien at the time it's only one
Hawk it's only one o'clock so thanks for
watching today we did win that game in
case you were wondering of table
football although I didn't score any
goals so I did oh I did rubbish anyhow
thanks so much watching today thank you
for getting 32,000 like in yesterday's
video you did it you did it was just
crazy so today's target 32,000 okay okay
no 33333 let's see if we can do that
that would be crazy
okay I'm gonna see you tomorrow
