hi everyone and welcome back to our
channel I feel like I've said that in
such a long time but tonight we had to
rob because we're seeing Justin Bieber I
am so excited
I've waited since 2009 for this I
remember I wanted to go to my world tour
can never get a ticket and I've waited
so long foods come on tour and he's
finally on tour at the o2 so we've only
managed to get some tickets so we're
going through pignut Lucy and Victoria
and we'll meet a matura Theo - actually
if I sound like a pop cold it's because
I have god I am so ill today nothing's
going to stop me seeing the Biebs I love
him I'm sorry got to go in a second as
well because I need to get some merch I
really won like a cool oversized jvt
show you'll get there anyway don't say
that when I walk in we were going to
listen to him to music for Noah's for
anything on yeah I dropped my phone it
doesn't really matter because it's
smashing anyway so yeah we just can sing
a little bit Alex and we'll love him we
know otherwise
which I want really quickly because it
means Victoria at the OTO Receptus
writer another beautiful fairy King de
Maio things is spray you may step on a
channel I'm sure you have just such a
total babe and now in the key to merge
this one I don't want to be anything is
and I don't get all the way out there
everyone's like a thing I want to
compute each like that's my t-shirt
dress don't for a night out
we're going to choose now we'll let you
know what we did to try to go on you'll
get anything because I mean
and why I've decided which MT shot going
to get and basically we get the black
one with web store merchandise written
on it and then the dates on the back and
almost got the even of Legos
what you're doing
Oh
-
Oh
you
Oh
Oh
beg
hey you should know
I couldn't be more proud to be able to
end it and finish it in London my hands
weather sucks but it's like I was like
fun anyways I'm really glad
you
Paige
maybe
Jane China
guess in the names of
you give you
I think I should get - together and I'm
also just just like to be able to do
what I do for a living I'm appreciate
I'm not going to know what to do when I
go home I'll be like doing nothing
playing my mom Oh taking a strand
pictures
in me for my sins Oh
Hey Oh just got home was quite fast
that's my key huh
just it was so feeling really good this
accent sound probably because my hair's
up second half was definitely better in
the first half I was worth living was
amazing so was what do you mean
boyfriend was like boyfriend boy for a
boyfriend yeah yeah that that was really
good so got my ha very spontaneous
conscious I actually just looked at the
t-shirt but then Lucy I'm getting a
talking-to by now it's a jewel I
actually good for the heart position you
can wear obviously that's why I was very
enticing yeah you could do the surra and
obviously where I like this but I think
I'm not cool enough for that so I think
it does a coup like this so hot sand
that's my finger
I read all your heads its territorial
yeah watch you ha ha and we'll see you
soon hi hello everyone so it's couple of
days later and it's the same but tonight
we're going to the cattle jingle bubbles
and you guys always love our vlogs from
the capsule concerts so we thought we'd
vlog tonight and these are definitely my
favorite concerts of the whole year so
they have a summertime bill and then
they have a jingle bubble which is the
Christmas one so obviously tonight is
the Jingle Bell Ball and they always
have the most amazing lineup
thank you our iPod yeah we say this all
the time but it is basically ah we don't
call it I've got any more ukulele it's
nice at the o2 which is quite good it's
cool
oh we got off tonight at the o2 which is
really good because it's kind of near us
so yeah we do I have to travel that far
because Wembley is a mission I was just
that same issue I thought I said no and
I got little bits of performing tonight
so we're gonna be repping the girls
house for them they're gonna be amazing
they always are and yeah we better get
going because we are a little bit late
as usual
we've got you've been at beautycon today
so if you did me us a fuse con oh and
thank you so much for coming to our me
up we did a meet-up a second glorious
really good
the outfit situation let me just explain
so yes I did wear this for Justin be
I felt really cool in it and that was
Tuesday it's now Saturday so
everything's been washed and yes I am
wearing the same outfit so I don't
Olivia says that she's also wearing the
same outfit but I just feel really cool
and also do you guys ever find that you
have an outfit for concert because I
find you have to have like concert where
like something that's not too hot
something you can dancing something is
feel really cool in so this is my
concert outfit for the second time we're
now about to go and we will see you boy
I don't know it should have very
actually been since lunch your hair yes
we did a vlog today because we were
snapchat vlogging oh yeah oh yeah oh
yeah so we're doing snap verse which is
basically vlogging on snapchat and we
really find it really fun so definitely
follow us on snapchat snapchat SLUSA
nigga if you want to see our lock button
and this vicar said that we haven't left
yet okay I'm gonna go pop us okay we're
going bye
we've now made it to the OTP
thank you so much going for you tonight
because we're not now you just won't be
late
well they bring you cuz I
ah
Oh
you're wrong
Oh
baby
Hey
Oh
who know
Oh
Oh
so you
so we're now back definitely little meek
slide the whole thing and also you might
have seen we were very excited when we
were walking to the pier so I'm not sure
if you heard us and you guys know we
love concerts so be able to be in the
pit was just yeah dream come true us
features it was incredible
and we just want to say thank you so
much to global and Steven for our
tickets because that was the show was so
good it's always definitely our favorite
concert of the year I hope you guys have
enjoyed this little concert week we
actually used to do like concert week
vlogs so definitely if we have any other
concerts that are coming up will of
course blog it for you because we know
you guys love these videos and I
actually really enjoy looking back on
them and seeing how amazing all the
conference where that we've been to
Craig David tonight can I just say I
love Craig David whoever Allah Louisa
was amazing as well and Nathan Sykes he
has the most incredible voice ever
Oh Lydia stood shadow that she loves
make us likes he is amazing
ji could do like this video make sure
you give a thumbs up I'll see you guys
in our next video bye
