I am on a mini-break
decided to have a little weekend away
because my sister-in-law said that she
would look after the baby and the dog so
we're having a sort of couples break and
it's amazing we're very relaxed we're at
lime wood hotel which is incredible I'm
going to show you around there is
definitely one of the nicest hotels I've
stayed at it's like being in somebody's
very posh country house but we're going
on a forest lamb ball through the New
Forest so that's what's happening now
sure I'll start missing the baby
approximately half an hour's time but
for now we're just enjoying a little bit
of it's not-me time what do you call it
when there's two of you
Oh
what if it fights us how do you know no
that's good
no so be just my luck to get gored to
death by some Aaron Stark who's been
trained by the FBI to buy by mr. I have
an inbuilt compass has taken as
off-piste
and now with Otis stumbling through
Bracken I'm worried about getting gored
to death by an evil stag or possibly
coming across a zombie who has been let
out of some kind of testing facility
because there was out in woods and stuff
aren't they I don't know where we're
going to be quite honest if I don't make
it back and someone discovers this
camera please upload to youtube.com
stroke and model recommends we've been
walking for 17 days now and still no
sign of the hotel why am i holding a
phone in front of my face
welcome to my humble abode I think this
is called coach house one my necks is so
wobbly after that walk it's so nice in
here this is the room that I was
supposed to have actually look burner a
minibar in there there's a seating area
and then there's an upstairs obviously
otherwise why would you sleep it's so
lovely and bright although there's a man
it's got a pillow you instead of a head
really lovely bright bathroom two sinks
Bamford toilet cheese and surrounded by
forests and its birth and another thing
behind there
and then out here a lovely little
surprise little Terrace it's quite the
thumb trap
or during a breakfast for tomorrow
decided to be really lazy and quite
literally not believe our room say we're
just about to find the twig pen and take
the things we wants I may as well just
take everything really well it's a new
book in a bit of a rush so I had about
two minutes to get it and I just went to
the sort of best sellers stand really
I've read loads by Sebastian Faulks
before so I'm hoping this gonna be
really good try not to look at my phone
so I'm thinking I'll get stuck into this
if mr. AMR turns the bloody foot water
good morning everyone slept really
really well so quiet though this bed is
so comfy and now we're just waiting for
breakfast to arrive because I'm really
hungry today I have got one and a half
hour massage and then I've got facial
later on in the day really kindly
organised by pi skincare if you read my
website you'll have heard me mention
them loads over the years because
they're just brilliant for sorts of
sensitive sensitized skin that doesn't
tolerate many products and I first
discovered it when I was modeling loads
and my face just used to get really sore
if I was doing a beauty shoot and
wearing less makeup so yeah they stock
their products in the spa here and they
also do treatments and so they've
organized for me to have some which is
just the most amazing treat so that's
what I'm pretty much going to do for the
whole day that and just do nothing we've
had some nice photos through of Angelica
who's having a great time favorite
auntie Emma's and I am missing her on
the other hand it's really amazing just
to be doing I wanted to do so
Oh kit so far what's in your guts
pastries I think that's mr. a.m. ours
breakfast coffee and tea juices fruit
thought I'd ordered more than this
actually I should have just ticked
everything I'm so greedy I'm gonna go
and steal some slippers from the
bathroom it's my feet cold out there
I'm very depressing that's good
such a shame it's raining it's a
beautiful herb garden roof terrace up
there mm-hmm
let's have a look at the poor hopefully
there's nobody in there it's just over
three floors and it's just beautiful an
outdoor pool there and an indoor pool in
there and there's my tower I'm gonna go
and see my prince
we are driving through the new forest
because it's raining and we're actually
going to go to Lyndhurst but we thought
we'd scope out the pig which was my
other choice for coming away and I think
it's the sister hotel there live which
actually that's what we're doing it's
not quite so grand
this is more like a sort of country
house I suppose
looks really nice so yeah that's the pig
it's called inside
goodbye again it is 8 o'clock in the
morning I'm off to the herd have swag
again because I want to take some
pictures of the inside which is amazing
but I wanted to do it while all the
papers here quiet so hopefully maybe I
was crazy enough to admit awake since
6:30 on a Saturday mr. AMR stayed up
till 3 o'clock in the morning watching
Olympics idiot so he doesn't want to
come I'm basically I'm getting over with
as well because look at my hair my hair
is saturated in oil but I have this
thing after I've had treatments I won't
I don't want to wash for the rest of the
day because of all the oils that are on
me and I have to kind of think it's just
a waste so I couldn't it rain so yeah
okay it's pouring with rain and let's go
and see how busy the spirals
look at that review
- they're just looking out when - the
first is amazing oh my god it's so hot
in here that my eyes are actually
burning I think my eyelids are on fire
I'm literally in here to take a photo
but my camera is steaming up I know it's
supposed to be hot everybody but I'm
stood here in a massive gown with towel
around me as well oh I'm going indoor
pool and out funny enough there's an
outdoor pool but um it is pouring down
mccrane yesterday yesterday Mr went in
there and said it was amazing to go in
in the rain but it's just hammering it
down no chance
a little Terrace up there are you having
to show you in here yesterday there was
somebody in here this is the relaxation
room where you can go after your
treatment and something I thought was
really good was that I think I read this
I didn't say to me yesterday you can
plug in an iPod or whatever iPhone and
think that you can get like Bose sound
cancelling headphones so that it's
really quiet also you can tilt the bed
up and down which is amazing and there's
a reading right so it's all really nice
and gloomy in here I nearly fell asleep
yesterday I miss my treatment right
makes my hair breakfast time
behind a flea touch house room see you
soon
we back together reunited aren't we and
mmm all that nice and I know it's soggy
it honestly feels like we've never been
away doesn't it
hey but I have to say tweet that's Oh
looking Oh gargantuan in this shirt
um is it my hunched posture I feel like
you know that bit in men in black shut
up
men in black at the beginning where the
farmer turned into the alien so yeah
that was a nice relaxing couple of days
it was really really good I'm glad that
we did it
although I did miss you a lot I did yeah
anyway thanks for watching this vlog and
I will be doing a blog post about - a
trip no doubts so make sure you mean
that and I shall see you next time
