yo what's up people useful thank you
people well the very exciting short
little vlog because we're doing so very
exciting today
we are getting inked oh so cool man we
get inked our skins
oh yeah we're so cool
that's not you yeah we are sounded like
oh wow Merson bro I don't actually know
Jaipur - yeah so we're about to go do
that literally we're on our way now it's
a bit spontaneous I've wanted to talk to
you for a while and then I went off the
idea and then literally a few days ago
we were like do it we your mum was like
I was like your mum we're going to be
together for a year what should I get
Marcus who was like why don't you get
tattoos I was like how my mom was like
let's get photos and then Marcus was
like that's a cool idea so that's now
what we're going we're on our way now to
bang bang NYC we all guy called mr. K
who's going to put something into Austin
we're only gonna get something so it's
going to be a finger tattoo so welcome
to journey all right guys then I'll wait
then you love the angle yeah yeah we're
waiting to get our ink on I said the guy
opposite us his life being a Siddharth I
don't think I can film entities naked
and you might not want to have a naked
body all over the ends enough I'm really
intrigued to know how this how painful
it's going to be yeah I have no idea of
what it's sort of Hank yeah I'm excited
I'm not yet I think he's coming up a
news conference
it's not coming he's not coming
when you wash your hands and they're wet
and then someone comes and introduce and
then you're like I just washed my hands
why they're web where are you going to
get you here hey these are our options
what we came up with we're going to go
with combine the second look so thick
he's not dead I love us together the
tank that's why we get it on right now
we waited we waited yeah now he's gone
the options I wanted was here a rocket
Santa or earth and he's gone away
combine them so this is just after this
is Jackson with rakia
and we gonna get in there so we can show
you all our middle thing about feeling
bad
flip your centerboard
speaker oh yeah cook on the cheeky case
keeps okay I'm quite excited I'm
intrigued to know what the pain is gonna
be like someone like pinching
now I was always like twice couple soon
so we have two together that's for
autocrine yeah I always like I would
never enough can you open up on a hit
sound oh it doesn't it now my little fit
my fingers shaking
oh so very sweaty hall how long will it
take do you think to do 30 minutes forty
makes it really that long
also your light now good I don't want to
lick my finger then ever I want to like
workshop not watch it I'm more taking a
new market
thing is cool now lover yeah I think how
you've done it I think that's really
cool yeah really cool why are we doing
this oh my god why I'm happy and I can
they not doing it anymore
at home
like go fine yeah so imagine you had a
find you imagine you get your earring
and just touch your skin about all it
feels like honestly
so fine rummage it fine hey do my whole
body is that as painful to get-
leave them work so we have a family
group trip and I just sent this picture
over and said where I'm going to have
the tattoo and my brother said if you do
is then like this are not not this one
this looks too childish and then you
said but to be honest please don't do
with me and Danny Vestas girlfriends we
are wishing you the best to the
University and so many years more
together but please don't do it and I'm
like okay
finally finally
boom finished product I love it obvious
red I love it so much so a little bit of
white and man that stop it leaving you
turn they are hanging so cool so mother
and she's the work papers being cleared
these are ready Bubba
the bottom yeah yeah what do you think
amazing honestly no painful but honestly
perfect I'm Jen came for every year for
one well there you go
you got this
or Japan yeah
not that painful
sometimes emotions
you got this perfect alright so we've
just got home
been to theater and we have had it
wrapped like this for about past three
hours in our procedure is to remove this
wash your hands myself with soap and
then let it dry let it air and then
we've got some that weird trick
moisturizing cream in there such a
narrow you know man so I'm just going to
do we can do the big reveal basically
I'm really paranoid that I'm gonna wash
it off I don't know what evening like
camera I love this happy guys but I'm
not harming their pictures like suppose
I'm kind of perfectionist and I can tell
you what you know I can tell you what I
don't really like what the only thing
where i'm like and could be better
yeah anything like yours is exactly how
I wanted it look so what I don't like is
can you see that the world is not really
round it's more like a rock to me like
this bit is straight and it doesn't
honestly you're any person thinking that
no so that's yours stuff is and then I
love yours like yours is like perfect
what for the lines on yours on honesty
I prefer yours and then together oh you
look so much better and I went for more
stars like stars and little balls cool
so first tattoo experience over I hope
you guys enjoyed it give the video a
thumbs up if you did and who knows maybe
we get some more tattoos in the future
whoa
tomorrow are you
