hey everyone that six days look it's
going to be a little bit different is
going to be more of a weekly vlog purely
because this week I have quite a lot
going on like really fun stuff and I
don't want to vlog every single day
because you'll just be bombarded with
vlogs so I thought I was kind of just
film clips here and there throughout the
week and put it all together so today
I'm doing a photo shoot for Matthew
Williamson where an amazing group of
girls like literally some my favorite
girls and we're going to head for house
which is near Henley I think I've
actually been to an amazing wedding
there so I'm so so excited to go back
and yeah that we found I've actually had
a blow-dry
in my flat this morning by an app on
your phone called Ruby so so amazing I
absolutely love it so I'm about to go
and meet the girls are going to drive
over together Felicia is going to drive
and it should be good although it's
raining but fingers crossed we'll be
fine and yes ready to comport it and
we've arrived
lady the house is give us a tour look at
this speed I can't even tell where the
food is on the flowers it's so gorgeous
oh my god these look incredible and then
over here we have all of the dresses are
each going to need to pick one in a
minute so the two beacons are in the
corner table 40 we've got a few today
region corner this doesn't look great
though I love the flowers that they've
garnished it was you know what I'm also
really enjoying if I I don't know about
you but when it comes to fruit bite in a
very specific order really how is this
melon first and then there's sonic I oh
my god they must have known did you put
in a request you diva
now it's time for this second outfit we
always tend to do an outfit change so
look at how gorgeous one is at the back
I love it my other one was yellow as you
saw but I've changed to this time and I
love both of them
but I do love the back on this
Oh
so it's now a Tuesday and I am about to
flight nice I am going with y'all and
you guys know that and I go somewhere
with your normally Paris we have the
most incredible time I'm actually not
going with the same girl this time it's
just me going out and it should be
really really fun I'm only there for one
night flying back tomorrow night yeah
just need to go and get all the claims
I've never been a fast one on a flight
before I've arrived in can and it is
such a gorgeous day I'm so happy in
England it was actually quite humid this
morning but just cloudy and gray and
horrible and I've got here to this
beautiful hotel and it just feels like
summer finally how about this review oh
I'm so happy so so happy so the plan now
is to go out customs I get some food I'm
really hungry I always get starving
after a flight and that'll just be
really lovely have a couple of drinks
and then tomorrow I'm going to be seeing
the new lipsticks from Dior their latest
launch and I'm actually going to be one
of the first people to see the lipstick
so I'm really excited to see what
they're like I'm sure they're going to
be absolutely fabulous as always
and then I'm also going to be
interviewing Peter Phillips here is the
creative director at do your makeup so
that'll be amazing to ask him all about
the new lipsticks they're not actually
out until August September time and so
I'm not going to be able to show the
product right now I'm afraid you are
going to have to wait I know that's
absolute torture and but it will be
worth the wait I'm sure I'm so excited
to see them but yeah he's great I've
actually spoken to him before at Paris
Fashion Week earlier this year about the
mascara so check out that vlog as well I
loved that vlog but ya need to go and
get ready now quick
around and then food outfits night I am
already I've got this gorgeous bag and
the sunglasses and the three ready to go
there's a seagull on my balcony that's
definitely eyeing up my food he keeps
looking in at me like Canada Canada uh
he gave up so I've just arrived at the
deal sweet and it is stunning you guys
aren't going to believe how beautiful it
is
I got a deal Spencer behind me and it is
so gorgeous and I'm going to have a
little play around with some makeup
today I have actually just interviewed
he to fill it all he was just great it's
so exciting hearing all about the new
launches but unfortunately they're not
coming into September so you're going to
have to wait until then but then it will
be worth the wait but now I'm just going
to have a little play around with all of
the products and yeah I'm going to show
you give you a bit of a tour of this
suite because it is beautiful oh and I
have to be really quiet and by the way
because Pete is actually giving a talk
to some press in the room so
today was just a can't open it okay
t-mobile is avoided least one you see
another phone and you've knocked out
other doesn't
Oh everything is about to change but I
see closer always coming soon spitting
out of the truth is already happening
it's Thursday and I'm sadly back in
London I can't believe how cold it is I
arrived really late last night in
pouring rain freezing cold it does not
feel like May a school it's actually my
birthday next weekend and phimosis of
like my childhood memories and even like
recent years it's always been sunny like
really really hot and I really feel like
it's not going to be lightly hot this
year which I'm gutted about and but I
mean it will be nice anyway I've got a
few things planned but you know I just
don't know what's going on with the
weather
I feel so cold but tonight I am going to
meet Joe and bout to go out and we're
going to grab some dinner and made a
veil and then go to the everyman Cyn a
mother because it's really nice in a man
we're going to see guardians of the
galaxy because we've wanted to see it
for so long but just haven't got around
to seeing it so yeah I'm looking forward
to that today I've just been working in
my flat all day this is like my setup
I've got this some laptop razor ding
wait yeah and then keyboard and mouse
and everything so it's much better setup
than what I had before it's like much
better for my posture in my back and I
literally just seen it catching up on
all of my emails and work today but then
yes need to head off get some food and
watch the film sinner crime we've come
to a lovely pub called the elegan in
Maybelle
looking at Florian screen outside it is
now Friday I've got that Friday feeling
massively right now I'm so excited
also you're wondering why I've suddenly
got a tan from one day and can I use
something called tan water no wait that
was wrong I think it's good tan looks
let me just get one second okay I've got
it
it's called tan luxe and it's called the
water so this is it I literally put this
on one coat last night and it's worked
absolute wonders not sponsored by the
way after I know that sounds like such
an ad but no it's so good and you also
have one to the face which is called the
face and I really like this one because
you literally add a couple of drops into
your normal moisturizer and you wake up
with glowing skin and people have
actually said to me like wow you've just
got a turn when you're in can for just
one day like I know I know ya feel fake
all fake guys and see I don't know how
it's going to last or how it's going to
fade you know sometimes it can go a
little bit speckly so I'm hoping it
doesn't do that because I'm really
really happy with it right now but and
the reason I decided to vlog now is
because two little presents have just
arrived from Matthew Williamson so I'm
going to open them it's about half six
now in the evening and I have barely
even left my flats I went to the gym
this morning have a couple of conference
calls I've been editing I've been
writing blog posts blog post has just
gone up now from my Matthew Williamson
shoot on Monday which was so much fun so
go and check that out it's just name
smart calm so many photos from that day
and yeah now I don't know where the
times gone it's half 6:00 but yeah I
thought I'd open these little presents
on camera so I always love
presents from Matthew Williamson because
of how gorgeous the paper is and I never
want to ruin it
oh it's that accent well yes so my
friend Brad I know it would have sent
this and she did actually tell me and
I'm totally forgotten how cool is this
I love it too lower chassis I can wear
that to the gym for the three things Oh
cute fan leggings they're so nice
they're just plain black leggings and
then at the top that beautiful print oh
oh there's another thing
cute opps I think really nice so this is
a plain black top really seamless lovely
and then a sports bra again in that
lovely print another that's so gorgeous
I love the back really pretty oh cool so
these are little cat free plants covered
in that print that's amazing oh I love
it
Thank You Arianna so tonight what am i
doing I just realized by the way I
didn't actually blog the cinema last
night was so good we saw guardians of
the galaxy - and absolutely loved it I
mean that little tree guy what's his
name
oh my god what's his name I can't
remember my sort last night my memory is
horrendous oh great
are you so cute and yet absolutely loved
it and then tonight we're just having a
really chilled night I'm going to go
over to his and cook some food what you
film probably maybe go and get a glass
of wine down the road at a nice wine bar
and that's about it pretty chilled
dinner is served
I've made this vegan pesto pasta with
roasted tomatoes and spinach and pine
nuts
get this is a big bone cut another
bottle planet but I'm 17 and tonic so we
came to Mexico we claimed some raspberry
vet insulin and do a hit class pause
five-minute hit so hard it was a really
really good night for anything down and
yeah we're just basically the weights
and ball kettlebells for coins and I'm
wearing my new Matthew Williamson static
I've got the Dubrow and me and then I
just across the layer and the drop and I
love it it's completely processing but I
just wanted to show you out here because
this is where we do yoga and it is so
peaceful especially on a day like today
where bright blue sky and kind of which
we did yoga non self so peaceful Otto
but I just love the school is so cool
every time I come I try and get a really
nice photo in front of this and it never
works because it's always after yoga and
I just look horrendous might try and get
one though who comes here the Sastry
gallery
it will be several healthy like looking
so now I'm actually in Hamburg I'm here
for a really really exciting project
that I am involved in and I'm going to
be really annoying and say that I can't
tell you what it is I mean oh that's
really frustrating for you guys I wish I
could tell you and but it's actually not
going to be revealed until next year so
I feel like even if I were to tell you
it would be pointless because you'd have
to wait like months and months and I'm
sure you see it anyway and but yeah it's
super exciting got here this evening had
such a chill day I wake up went and had
some breakfast at Holly's in Finland
which was really really good
and then just super chilled I went back
to my flat had to pack came here and I
was really tired before I flew and then
on the flight flight was only like an
hour and a half or something I I felt
like I just stopped recording I just
pressed the button i was like well did I
start recording no I didn't and what was
the saying oh yeah so I was on the
flight and I was so productive where's
my notepad I have a notepad I always
keep in my in my bag and I'm reaching
what I write this is how much you're
right wait where does it start all the
way to there so all of that I wrote on
the plane it was just I did
brainstorming new businesses that I want
to start and like just extensions of my
brand like everything I've come up three
whole new projects that I am so excited
with I didn't want that in an hour and a
half amazing
I'm I feel like creativity can just hit
you like a train like BAM
and then when that happens you just need
to like grab it with both hands and make
most of it and just write down
everything cuz I get this like I don't
know I can't explain it like this
creativity just comes to me and I just
like have to make nice to it when it
happens because stuff like that doesn't
happen very often and that you can go
through stages of not feeling creative
at all which you guys will know I go
through and because they made a whole
video of it me sitting
talking about it could and timeout or
taking time out
remember I called it anyway I just had
loads of energy and it got back here the
hotel unpacked everything had so much
energy big and it's by the way it's now
half 11:00 at night and I'm really
energetic still and I did a 20-minute
hit workout then I decided that I wanted
to learn how to do a handstand so I've
been doing handstands up against a wall
and I can't do it still and it's a
handstand headstand no way I could do a
handstand but headstand and still trying
to do it I don't know what it is don't
really like being upside down but I
really want to be able to do it anyway
why am I so energetic half 11 this
hotels really cool and it's really
industrial so you come in that's all my
stuff and then look at the ceiling it's
basically like a warehouse and then this
is the bed oh my god I was just I was
amazing what is a bed made of Wow
ah then literally just sink into that
that looks so comfy I really want to
just dive onto that I'm literally gonna
dive onto this oh my god
so anyway this has been my week and let
me know what you think of this weekly
vlog because yeah I can t remember what
I did on Monday now and OH
Matthew Williamson shoot yes it's been a
really good week actually cut accounts
for quite a lot of laughs I was actually
feeling really exhausted I was meant to
be away Thursday to Sunday and but then
this project was brought forward because
I was originally I was coming out here
tomorrow and so this is brought forward
to Sunday and so I would have had to cut
that thing short anyway but there's just
a crazy crazy week I was actually in
hospital on
day nine last week and it's all good
nothing to worry about the thought is
and that kind of just to get out of me
and yeah it's been a nice week I hope
you like these weekly vlogs and let me
know if you prefer the daily ones
instead like where I just look a whole
day rather than little snippets and put
it all together and but yes any nice and
I hope you guys have had a good week so
far
whenever this video goes up and I'll see
you racing bye
