good morning welcome to move number four
now I'm just in the best mood because
I'm like on my g7 a lot to my babies
back from repair I have put a screen
protector on it I've put a cover on it I
I'm not having this camera break again
okay I've taken precautions I'm not
actually in bed I'm just laying on my
bed because I am going to get stuff done
I've actually been up and out already
this woman to put my sister up and now
it's time to get ready for the day and
then we are going to commence the moving
today something exciting is happening my
like wardrobes were finished and I
actually haven't been allowed to see
them yet because they weren't finished
and mum was like um just have a big
reveal just don't look at them till
they're done and I was like okay okay I
won't so I've seen like one or two
snippet kind of pictures like close-ups
but I have not seen in the room anything
like that so I'm moving on my clothes
and today into a space that I don't even
know what it looks like yet so we're
gonna do a big reveal which is very
exciting and yeah we should have a ton
of sauce too but I'm gonna put on a
little bear makeup today so let's go
ahead and see what I've actually got
left here this room it looks so okay
well it's like my super it's empty like
it's looking very empty
so yeah let's go put some makeup on and
then we'll get on with the day so I'm
back I just did my makeup on insta life
now I don't know you can tell it's a
super kind of natural glow everyday look
that I'm gonna kind of turn up with some
lipstick so I've got 12 shades here of
beat one it's all the shades of the
Bourjois Rouge velvet the lipsticks
please ignore my gross nails it's Sunday
so I always redo them on a Sunday but
I've got 12 of these lipsticks so
there's like corals pinks reds or like
this gorgeous kind of deep ready Brown
that's like really fun so I've got
bright red trousers like trying to feel
like I should go for a red um they're
like super-bright long-lasting though
they're like not bright that's from the
wrong word they're bold colors but
they're supposed to last it's 24 out
song gonna do a little like test today
see if they do I think I may go for this
one
this is Ruby's cute I mean I think that
matches my chokers
oh I don't know which one I think I like
this one but it really is cute
yeah there's like 12 of them all
different ones but I love them this kind
of pinky color I'm all about pinks that
are like almost nudes but Pink's so yeah
these are supposed to be like super
super cultural on the lip almost like
kind of a second skin if that makes
sense instead of being like a lipstick
that's like drying but it's still matte
so I'm gonna use the maracas contour lip
primer and I'm gonna pop this actually
all over my lips to create a kind of
base between my lips and the product and
this is just like a clay primer I'm kind
of tempted to go for the pink because I
love the pink but I can't really wear
pink from wearing red trousers Oh No
well go for a red red spun so this is
Ruby's cute number eight I percent
they're twelve now they've got this
awesome shape bullet which is gonna make
application so easy well I mean I'm
assuming I use a lot of lipstick so from
seeing this I think this is gonna be a
winner it just if you look it looks like
it they like to sit on the lip so let's
apply this red and see how it goes it's
so smooth I love the fact it like sits
on the lip I don't know like that makes
sense it like just sit it's always like
I just have to swipe Wow
and the small side just fits and I keep
it's like now he's acting mad I'm almost
like why do brands bother doing like the
pointed bullet because this is so easy
this is the final makeup look it's
really fun really simple with a pop of
color which matches my joggers so yeah
going for that extra look um but we will
see how this lasts I mean is applied
really nicely feels really smooth like
but not like not like it's gonna move
like feels like it's gonna stay but it
doesn't feel dry yet I mean it could
could go dry I don't know we'll see but
I'm liking how it looks right now so I
guess it's time for me to grab my bits
and then head off to so this is the
progress
far I've got this is all stuff at my
drawer select pajamas and stuff so yeah
we've got them so pretty much these
drawers except these two are empty so
that's good that's progress I just don't
you know I'm gonna do this hello oh gosh
okay get to good boy sit I don't know
they're gonna fight now you're gonna
fight now
should we get some food updates it feels
like it's been like 30 seconds juice
actually been about an hour and a half
to me and I have been unloading like
almost of my room pack it into boxes are
putting in the cart in suitcases I've
got like five suitcases full right now
I'm gonna have some food then go like
drive all the way to my place
unload it come back get another load lip
update it feels like it's set I feel
like house like kiss something there's
like nothing there so yeah but it's not
drying like I don't feel like I'm like
like sometimes Jim matte lipsticks but
it just feels like it's set it's really
it's really odd sensation that normally
one her we're like liquid lipsticks or
matte lipsticks I'm I feel like I can't
smile and I'm like and I'm not I feel
like I've got like resting face but so
that's great and I'm gonna eat so we'll
do the taste test see if it can handle
the food but I don't actually know what
to eat I just you know and even like
you're eating just because you know you
need energy and you need food that's
where I'm at right now so I've just
finished my lunch and here is the lip up
deck so it feels like smoother again if
that me says I had cheese so it's like
probably like the oil from like the
cheese or like the butter or whatever
but yeah it's not come on which is crazy
and it's right like it doesn't feel like
bTW or anything like so it just feels
like more bombing but maybe it'll set
down again that'll be cool if it like
sets down again how it did so well let
you know
BRB just um heading out with half my
life in my car you know just as you do
so I'm here and the mammoth task of
bringing all my stuff in is about to
begin but I want to see my water
so there's a buck um I shut the door so
I couldn't say but oh my god I didn't
even shut my eyes a lot oh my god I'm
gonna actually gonna cry is that what
adrenaline centers like so little oh it
wouldn't like that little but like since
I was younger
looks like dude oh my gosh this is crazy
obviously I like designed them all and
stuff but like oh let me just so this is
my dressing room how crazy this space of
my jewelry my clothes it's like so much
hanging I also have hanging for my long
like ball gown dresses because I have
five or six of those I've got like shoe
shelves bag shelves boot space like a
like a baby so this is all IKEA packs
unit I don't know whether it my top
starter - so like I've built them all in
not I didn't build that was long
building for me but I picked them all
individually then you pick like if you
wanna hang rails I wanted double hanging
on most of these just because that's
what I need and I kind of fit it into
the room by doing it in the corner and
then I had them fitted and they've got
it fitted them so talented like what he
does so he put these bits in for me like
mom told me about these they're like
fitters so it makes like they don't come
from I care or anything but it makes
that bit a bit annoying but we're
Signori it makes them look like fitted
wardrobes my rooms actually like like
that so he put like this thing it's just
hollow behind that and I've got shelves
over at the top like my bag boxes yeah
I'm just like I don't also OTD Justin
Bieber purpose tour joggers from H&M
slip-on vans and this top from H&M which
I actually cut because I didn't have any
of the crop tops and I never wear this
so I just cut it with some scissors
earlier so and my lips are still holding
up these are been on for like well I
think I must have messed the timing up
but these have been on for a good three
four hours now
and it's very good so I'm really happy
well I mean they claims you 24 hours so
we'll sit right all this is in I was
gonna unpack it but there's no point so
I'm just gonna go grab my other stuff
and then come back back and I've got
another carful I'll show you actually by
Jonesy lipstick updates been another
about hour and a half and it doesn't
look any different
I'm sorry these updates is so boring
because it leaves it the same I mean
it's gone for down a bit lesser size at
the bottom here but I sit so let me show
you I've got my car look at all this
yeah my whole wardrobe
you
I I don't even know how I'm here right
now
uh no um this is pretty much most of my
clothing that was hanging before so you
know I have more space which is amazing
but then I have all the clothes in boxes
that we actually brought in here so pros
and cons pros and cons but we should be
fine I mean it's all a mess right now
and I have some my long dresses so they
shouldn't be about yeah I just get
sorted in time to pack for Paris so oh
my gosh so we're getting there it's
taken a long time and yeah you know it's
starting to come together I saw so much
stuff like but I mean you saw all that
previously like my coats not hung up I
just have so much stuff it's like
daunting it's make stuff I don't have
places for what I don't know where to
put it but I've got my long dresses
there shoes bags down there so it's
going good and I'm just putting my boxes
at the top along there so judging
probably hair I've got the windows wide
open but yeah my makeups holding up
considering I'm like so sweaty but lip
update it's looking really good
I'm actually so shocked there's still on
after I ate and I've been drinking
constantly it's like slightly kind of
hair as you can see but that's over just
shut my office moni can't tell so that's
mad and the colour still just as bold
just as vibrant so soon good so I'm
currently in why I don't want to call
this room I think I'll just call it my
glam room because it's just where I'm
gonna be getting ready in the morning
it's not just me to get ready in but
it's a we're we're getting ready so
we'll just call it my grandma room just
even know what I'm talking about
I've been empty more what its involved
in too busy storage and now I'm going to
empty my makeup into like my makeup
drawer so I might get ready and stuff
yeah how does so much stuff everywhere
it's just stuff it's not even like oh I
don't know where it's supposed to go
like today feels like the most drastic
moving day just because like what
clothes it in and stuff like that like
it's mad I still have a ton of sorted
answer in my clothes I have so many
clothes that like I've just kept because
I'm like I'll wear it one day and I just
have it no no I won't but I just can't
get rid of it I'm such like a
sentimental person that like say I feel
like dude just like I don't know it
wasn't a special occasion I'll get rid
of it but not even like special
occasions in my christening or a wedding
as in like I saw McFly perform you know
that kind of thing she's really bad but
yeah lots and lots of unboxing and
unpacking I have so much storage in here
which is that so my parents have just
gone and left me alone like the first
time like this is my first night here
without them so crazy
I'm just getting through the last of the
bit so I'm putting away but I mean it's
going good
I did have a bit of a crisis I just ran
out of internet and my Wi-Fi doesn't get
installed for a while so I was literally
like out of contact with everyone from
about 10 minutes I rang my mom was like
the o2 website I had to add like a
bolt-on on for like it's a mixture into
that because I've been out and about a
lot this one I got through 20 gigabytes
this month 20 gigabytes how mad is that
I just started this series of Netflix so
I'm probably gonna use all this up as
well because I'm watching Netflix but
you know I've ordered some food and yeah
I was gonna buy and go and buy food but
it's Sunday so everyone show up firstly
and secondly I go to power someone says
there's like no point in having fresh
food in the house so yeah I'm just gonna
continue to unpack I think I'm doing
pretty well and then gonna eat one piece
hello so it's about oh my goodness half
10 I've just been at it constantly like
putting stuff away sorting out all my
everyday makeup is away now let me give
you a little look so this is how we are
looking it's yeah very full I need to
kind of sort it out but pretty much like
most of what I was trying to get done
I've got done I still need to sort like
my clothes out and everything everything
is just very muddled I need to organize
it
- like categories then colors within
categories because that's how I do
things
this is how we're looking right now so
everything's there there are my summer
clothes they need to go somewhere else
but yeah it's just a bit of a mess but
it's so nice to have space
I can't so when I lived at my parents
house I had like probably the amount of
wardrobe space that like two of these
would give so like yeah four high areas
but that included space in like a spare
room so I had all my jackets in the
spare room wardrobe and it was just a
bit of a mess so and then my accessories
I just because what I do part of what I
do is like fashion so it's not not like
I bought loads of it just because you
know I wanted I fancy getting some new
clothes a lot of the things of like
events and things like that so yeah I
kind of needed them so yeah it's just a
bit mental really I'm so excited to have
like this room and be able to kind of
sort this out if you would like a full
wardrobe kind of told like I don't know
what's called resting around or maybe
when I am finished please do let me know
but for now I'm gonna leave you with um
his lip update it I ate again I had
pizza as you see it's come off just here
and here but besides that let me turn to
the light so you can actually see it's
perfect so like I would if I were to go
out I probably wouldn't bother chopping
this up I would just walk out of the
house I think that says a lot we've done
really good the lipstick has performed
extremely well and it got a hundred
percent
hold up longer so yeah and this was with
no top-ups bear in mind like I know some
people are really keen on like topping
up their makeup and their lipstick I
just don't have that in me I just don't
not like are we bothered it's just not
it's a bit fussy and I'm not fussy
persons they suit me really well and
still like look no marks but I'm gonna
love you and leave you thank you so much
for joining me with this moving vlog
we're almost there which is so exciting
I could not be happier but I ready to
have a bath I'm going to bed
so yeah thanks actually joining me and
I'll see you very very soon good
