hi everyone welcome back to my channel
so today's video is a super exciting
video it's my official announcement on
film of my partnership with lighten free
and Spotify if you follow me on social
media you probably would have seen a few
hints I'm here today to let you guys in
or what I've been getting up to
and what to come so throughout the year
of 2017 I'm going to be celebrating my
love for music with Spotify and light
and free and I'm going to show you guys
some exciting moments that I feel
Express Who I am and also allow me to
live life to the fullest so like every
sent us to Sweden the ice hotel and I
surprised my sister by taking her along
because she is amazing I love her so
much she's the best and without her I
don't know how I would be able to do a
lot of things that I do so it was
wonderful to be able to take her along
with this really unique experience and
have her experience it with me as well
actually spent one night in the Ice
Hotel in the actual ice room that's the
room that is completely ice and it was
minus 6 on the night that we went there
and in the morning nu greeted with some
lingonberry juice it was very warmed up
so it was kind of like a nice little
wake-up call for us was so so far one of
the reasons why I decided to partner up
with light and free is because it's an
amazing brand and it represents
everything I'm about you know I love
fashion I love beauty and I love to
express my love for those passions and
the light and free brand really does
embody this it's a Greek style yogurt
it's not percent fact and not percent
added sugar but 100 percent delicious
you guys should definitely join the fun
on the lighter freehub I'm going to
leave a link down below so you can click
through there's going to be lots of
posts playlists with my favorite kind of
music and there's going to be lots of
fun things and activities and
competitions coming up in the next few
weeks so guys I know you're waiting for
the footage from our trip to Sweden and
without further ado here it is
oh my god guys it a shaving of ice ice
oh cool we are actually gonna be
sleeping here tonight
this is also the coordination of it look
it's like an an ice thing with color
it's so cool look at our bed guys that
is awesome
yes it's so sweet tastes really sweet
Ribena so we just had a wake up call
with some hot linger berry juice it's
really really nice look at that it guess
is my clothing that's one night done in
the ice room and surprisingly it was a
very very good night's sleep
you
chase chase chase chase we are now in
the warm room tonight and here are this
nice
we're in the cabman right now he rode
all the way here and we're just about to
have a radio
don't forget to check out the light and
freehub I'm going to leave a link down
below so you can check through and join
the fun if you're a fan of Ella Eyre
like me like free are going to be
hosting competition you can win an
intimate experience with her going to be
an intimate performance somewhere here
in London I'm going to be there a few
other creators are going to be there
it's going to be really fun we're going
to leave all the information down below
to click through enter a good luck and
hopefully I'll see you there thank you
so much for watching guys and I'll see
you soon bye
