hi everybody a few thing well so he is
something morning and she's worked up
extra early well the twins work on make
sure you can add up he's still sleeping
you can hand me probably say hi so I
thought unity actually just need your
catch-up and actually something I've
been meaning for a long time which is
you guys know I do work so things have
been pretty intend to work especially
because it was the summer holidays so
it's kind of like a lot of people were
bringing their children so just rushed
off my feet with a ton of patience and
just make sure I finish off some of my
cases because I'm here at the time when
the to start school very very soon make
sure they settle into reception my
babies are going to school I'm gonna be
so emotional anything with me you've got
a cute daddy
not from me feel like finally I can say
my kids are for a long time I've been
saying they're three and pretty much no
one believes me because they are like
huge they look like securable so got
that support end of orcas they're pretty
much gonna be the youngest in their
class I thought I'd move their birthday
party to when they start in school maybe
after a couple of weeks just so you know
be nice to invite some friends and meet
in some of the months as well so that's
my plan
and hence you know life has been pretty
busy I'm pretty sure by the time this
goes like school we're ready sergeant so
definitely share below how you guys are
getting on your first week if your
kisses is dying in useful or starting
preschool or affection for the first
time so what I'm gonna do in this video
to share with you how we've been doing
this is home school because I do get a
lot Loomis's info quite surprised we
were able to ride it and get a little
bit hey this is pretty good considering
a they're the youngest in the class
would be the only starting reception and
so I just mentioned
Thank You Sun and hope they can give you
guys some tips if you're looking up your
kids at home and I'm calling a home
school we're not really like exclusively
homeschooling the toons they aren't
going to go to like a regular school as
well but there's definitely stuff we do
at home especially Sam as well just to
supplement their learning I feel that
really important for your children at
home if I can I'm rambling I'm gonna do
just a few short bits so I'm gonna share
with you how we do some reading writing
and basic math I probably do a separate
one for what we're doing Kayla yeah he's
only one but he's doing a few activities
as well with these cards so I've got
quite a few here this has got very short
words on them and that's how we start
with reading just like you should call
them flash of memory car yes sweetheart
maybe your brother who's written on it
your other brother your baby brother all
right guys let's get started to do pick
one that one I know you pick one oh you
ready you ready good
and what's that say good boy right
living what you got for me what's that
say okay
all right which one is there number two
that's the number two M's anyone know
this one's a new one
what's that good job so that's the first
I'm going to show you so you can just
use flash cards with them and just go
through them those tunz tunz we're
working suit okay next one is their
memory verses so I've got them pretty
much a-to-z again I'm just showing me
the first view I live in which one do
you want to do you wanna do is ready
picture will you pick one which one do
you want a new car alright and basically
each letter so it's kind of like Bible
verses with the letter so this is B so
you start with the Berber and then this
is D so you start with dezerter and then
that helps them just learn some memory
verses yes baby all right Lizzie show me
big a and show me little a and what
sound is what's the sound good job right
no way what's that when you go out show
me Big C
and little C and tell me the sound ha I
turn it around go good girl - good job
girl I know you're next read the next
one
Cass good boy no where's the yeah yeah
uh-huh
I live good job and last one no oh you
can do it buddy I you yay high five
whoa moving on show you is just how we
do like very basic math right sometimes
uses especially I'm teaching both of
them or cards so I take a few out and
they get a little to count I know it you
count how many blocks are here 1 2 3 4 5
good job and how many on this side Noah
1 all right so we're gonna do 5 plus 2
so five plus two makes one seven and now
if I add these two to these five how
many do we have Noriko so five plus two
equals seven good job so sometimes we
use this another option is to get cut so
what number sis anyone to good job what
is this sign ah good one time to pick an
easy one what number is that all right
now count
what does three plus two equals decide
so three plus two equals three plus two
eat cause good job good job you can
count five on one hand as well okay all
right moving on
I sell laughter I'm going to show you
real quick is how we kind of taught the
twins to spell and write himself so see
these big nice enough to write the
afternoon you know how to trace properly
so I find these tracing books super
handy and this is what no it's gonna do
at the moment and Olivia's gonna write I
kinda just let them pick where they want
to write what is she doing
hey Lizzy hey pretty girl all right what
do you want to write today monday all
right what they do what's the first day
you go to school
all right you rent Monday for me I think
she's got bored of writing her own name
so she likes doing other things
good job big girl look it's the other
way
maybe wants to spell her name now I hope
you enjoyed that very quick run-through
and okay life is awake now tell me some
fun there you and the read buddy
ture time to just in his own little
world there's a kiss for quite a while
and I think for us because we have
summer babies even Caleb for somebody
especially the twins cuz they all right
at the end of August basically they're
three now but basically they turned four
and then the following week they start
school she will see we are pretty keen
on doing home school stuff and it is
possible even with a very young children
I think you just have to be kind of
creative I guess just so you can make it
fun and interactive so anytime I do find
things which you kind of help us parents
out to make home school and reading and
helping yourself development a lot
easier I definitely want to make sure I
share it so I want to shout out a great
company which sent me some books which
is what Caleb was going through a moment
ago I'll just show you them and here
they are so these are from a company
called pattycake and I'm sure a lot of
you've heard them already and the great
thing about is they launched some new
books this year and they have different
sections I love that they are mainly
focused on younger children so the early
books are 0 to 18 months which is for
Kayla cuz he just turned 1 and then
there's like 3 year olds or preschool
and then they have 4 years plus so we've
got some some core books which actually
focus on the fast this one's more for
babies going on - about a year and a
half and the notes are around the three
year olds and they also have an amazing
face book which means you so definitely
recommending parents out there check
that our new books are available on
Amazon - and with that said thank you to
Pat a cake for sponsoring today's video
yes I can see you never
you're so handsome thank you gonna be a
mommy's boyfriend oh yeah yep so the
great thing is to celebrate their new
series and it also sending us to a farm
today you excited oh my
we can then try to just check out the
content of the book and compare it to
what we see in real life which I think's
one of the best ways to learn for these
kids just get them outside so awesome
awesome service kids are all here in the
back and if this is the first time I've
done McCarthy like this so is facing
forward
oh yeah cos killings getting bigger now
big boy chair is so big I never thought
I get to stage my head three car seats
in the back all in the road heading out
to a family attraction then we go in
fighter - it's called
all McDonnell farm and is like a theme
park and a farm as well
zoo so thing but they're mostly like
farm animal on - they're like rides
within their live animal pens and things
so it should be really cool because the
kids always see in their books like a no
TV animals they're really excited the
Unicorn
yes that's wouldn't it be fun they send
me a short visit because after back
we're heading out again because it's my
sister in love Sam's little sister's
birthday so it's pretty much the whole
family all his brothers and his sister
and all the kids so all the tunes
cousins will be there so we're gonna go
for a like a family
dinner by the time we finish those we're
heading to the farm now
it's really busy today
watch the world from the place bindi hey
looks like that one's got a big picture
so many huge divinities good boy he's
eating it
seems
getting busy yes we do
they just need five minutes
I'll think about it
sixty-five
favorite animal ever
don't forget
so just finished at the farm as you can
see the kids are wiped out Livi is
really leaving no asleep but they have
so much fun there yeah I had fun the
past seventeen year old out yes and the
turtles like 20 years old 20 old
tortoise rights are like a hundred so
just arrived at Lisa's birthday dinner
and we are the Shepherd and dog Dimas
awesome table see if massively busy
cotton super busy the car pack is ramped
and I don't know if I can park in this
sign says no staff parking does that
mean no staff parking or no staff
parking no stuff I think it's no staff
parking I think we can park there
this isn't a park here because it seems
like that sign is everywhere so I'm
pretty sure it means no stop parking and
then we're gonna head you're the only
one away massive nothing yeah okay head
to toe fabulous another tour system I am
six foot one and this is season six foot
one look we're the same height
now you'll I always am 511 in a
heartbeat oh yeah we write the same
right now I'm weight class because I've
been out all day and we are here at the
Shepherd and dog which is when Harold
Hill for a twin Harold words which is an
e-cig it's a beautiful beautiful
restaurant it's like a yeah the fun
thing is I've always been an anti-prom
food but if you come to the Essex pub
they're absolutely amazing and this one
yeah it's stunning and they've got
amazing food in and see everybody and
celebrate this amazing girl
twenty-something
with my auntie mama always look so fly
head to toe and this is my awesome
auntie come across southern daughter
he lives in comfort yeah it's a four car
mommy this is the she's actually have to
use our car this time
she's got all five you got five kids in
the back the tunes are right at the back
is that Livi sleeping mom are you doing
I'm just checking through my photographs
from your photo not happy with them but
mommy ever gym membership I always check
that my mom's like paint eyes oh my god
this looks nice but you killed it for me
Oh mommy you're fine oh that Sami has to
go alright we'll hit the gym together
then but these large everything is evil
when I think the gym I eat food I finish
it I think I should learn to throw some
things in the bay look at my arms no way
the thing is I can't afford to lose a
lot of weight because you'll become too
expensive that means I have to change
where you guys off to you grandma room
first then with the ditch and we yeah
it's our thing
- you gonna have fun with your cousins
alright so I'll see you later bye
lithium but me I find mommy but fine
though
okay so just come back from the gym I
just I show you what I'm going to be
wearing tonight because some night are
heading out for my friend's birthday
party so this is like a really sweet
flowing gown so I guess I'm not she
showing myself cuz you know I just came
back from the gym and I'm not looking
great there's like an intense workout
and this is just by a long tall Sally
because y'all know I'm a Tartar sister a
6-foot sister so that's mainly a place I
get most of my clothes it's really hard
to do this dress when we pull a dress
it's more like a jumpsuit justice but
it's got these like little shorts here
and it has this cute little cape which I
really love it's just a really nice I
guess transitional outfit as we go into
fall so it's not too summery but it kind
of keeps me warm with the long arms
which is nice because it's quite late
that we're going out and then I'll show
you my shoes oh gosh sorry
Caleb's Walker is everywhere and I'm
rocking heels tonight these shoes are
from ASOS finally a sauce actually do my
size I've ever mentioned my shoe size on
this vlog before but I am a size 10 so
I'm quite a large shoe size so that's
what I'm gonna be wearing tonight so I'm
like thank you a sauce for finally
throwing out our sisters with larger
feet size it and then over here is where
I'm gonna be doing my makeup I got my
tongue with you so I can start my unit
and some of my main brushes got some
falsies to be real I don't really know
if I'm gonna wear them but these are my
favorite red cherry so I'm gonna go with
this lipstick which is actually a new
one I got and it is Viva Glam 3 and look
at that color
isn't it just pretty I'm using my
favorite lip pencil can you tell it's my
favorite it's literally almost finished
and this is bittersweet from Mac much
the main thing so I'm going to be using
for my makeup but I'm trying to do at
the moment it's all at the party invite
for the twins upcoming fourth birthday
party
I still can't leave my kids my babies
are turning 4 but I'm so glad I do not
need to add I need to my to-do list
because I absolutely hate ironing and
this clothes does not require any of
that so I'm just gonna get ready cuz
some night are heading out for my
friend's birthday party and my fat mummy
and daddy turn up
yeah always
No
we had a really good night and we are
now ready for bed
it's kind of funny there's still people
there right now we left early but I
think it's just you know either getting
or just parent life setting up for me
it's just going home and just being in
my bed and some night both have work in
the morning so we have to just make sure
we're back early Sam is going to go and
check up on Noah because we heard him on
the monitor saying he need to go to the
loo and I've got Caleb here this is true
sleeping parent life like for real he's
actually really good through the night
so he's not gonna wake up he's he's good
for the night now so I realized I
haven't done comment of the week it's
been like the longest day someone which
I do that real quick right now the
comment I'm sharing is from Olivia love
and she says you both look like you had
wonderful time but beyond did you have
better luck finding shoes to fit you and
if yes can you do a hole please there's
actually a very good idea this was from
our trip to Italy we're super excited I
thought oh yes the you know fashion
everything I need to find she is my size
but no the shock was so real there as
well what I did do with like a massive a
saw shop before we went so I made I
could do like an I saw store haul
because I haven't done one in a while I
probably will do it on my other channel
because I general needs to have a bit
more content on it especially you know
the cherry videos the fashion and beauty
kind of videos as well so I'm working on
that but yeah thanks for that suggestion
there right now I'm ready for bed as
they say sleep while they are sleeping
so I thanks again for watching and I
will see you in my next video bye
