hello how's it going I hope you're right
welcome back to my channel and another
video this week which is a little bit
different more of a kind of lifestyle
video and it's sponsored by Invisalign
so some of you might know that recently
I've been wearing they're almost
invisible braces and lots of people ask
questions since I've had them how does
it work how does it beep you what's the
treatment be like I'm almost at the end
of it now and I've been super happy with
it and so what it's make a video to say
thank you to this line and I've done it
in a kind of day in the life style so
sort of blog so you can see what be not
too recently and hopefully that kind of
pulls it all together so really quickly
I had braces when I was younger
probably like lots of you have braces or
have had braces and it was totally fine
I was really happy with it
I managed to keep the top teeth retainer
lost the bottom one pretty Encinitas
well good at losing stuff and as time
went on things start to move around a
little bit I was noticing it in some
videos and that kind of thing so what
its kind of catch it early so I reached
up to this line and they've been really
nice throughout the whole thing and it
was completely different this time
around and to only got braces before
like now when you walk in they scan your
teeth with this kind of magical camera
which makes this 3d model so you can
kind of rotate it and see everything and
then you can also see step-by-step how
it's going to change so you can see
right to the finished product like what
its gonna look like at the end which was
really cool and yeah so I kind of knew
what's gonna happen as it went on so you
have these plastic trays which I've got
in at a minute
you might notice at the beginning you
might not have generally nobody's notice
the whole time we should be pretty nice
can just carry on go in and do whatever
and just get an on with stuff so yeah I
thought I'd show you how it's work in a
kind of week in the life video so you
can see what I've been doing if you've
got any questions pop them in the
comments and I'll answer them off the
video and yeah let's get into it
let's go
come on in how's it going I hope you're
right
so it's early it's about half 6:00 in
the morning can you tell my brain isn't
fully on but yeah we're filming the TV
show today so I'm just waking up
I slept with these in I'm gonna take
them out briefly cuz I've got to have
breakfast with the crew at everyone and
then we're gonna go straight down to set
so pop them back in and we'll film for
the day so come join me I'll take you
with me I'll show you what happens
yeah let's do this all right let's take
them out and you just unclip them real
easy I'll salute majalis for holding a
camera with one hands but I'm going to
do that done and then you can do save
the bullet taken with me and then easy
so then off to set for the day and I
just kept the trays in for that whole
morning it's nice just field to film
with them and not think about them and
yet you can't see them on TV so that's
ideal and yeah this is a little step for
filming hello next we are are we doing
this introductions to these super
scramble chatting games you can win a
mug that's fine this game it gets pretty
intense long because I first get pretty
intense
it's good fun and the boys unlikely to
win pretty much always with boys versus
girls yeah it's a strong as I'd say my
husband would just to explain this is a
Hello x-factor basic sketch I'm Luke you
love Tom bows here look at that bitch
excellent
yes about to film this little section of
this show yeah right that's lunch
so can take them out eat some food easy
as you like job done so after that I was
off to Berlin because the lovely ramps
boys were filming their music video for
their new single middle of the night
here out in the airport having a lot of
time so when ounce of films are behind
the scene staff and vlog the day with
them which was wicked fun nice to see
them do it and I'm yeah it's a real fun
day yeah
no Frank flower baby me they're showing
my average crummy skills living
Tristan's two boys and them is awesome
day and then next I was up early for
Amsterdam
good morning and so yes they was quite
full on we finished filming quite late
so he's got some food I went to bed
because right now it's like 5:30 a.m.
so up early again off to Amsterdam today
for VidCon which is a big like YouTube
and kind of festival some working out
there Sagat min again and yeah on the
way so plane got late but I'm not on
time so probably the correct one and
yeah we made it Amsterdam get pretty
tired no can i but are they site I'm up
for this it's gonna be cool so yeah
today's mainly meetings and then
tomorrow
filming starts at VidCon so those are
YouTube is going to come down for that
when we play some games and stuff for
them it's that's gonna be cool yeah
first thing so that's probably gonna go
and explore I guess in food his
priorities food that all types whatever
the situation I may be little nap first
maybe just a little ill now
four on him all right then so we are
here in the little backstage bit for
VidCon in Amsterdam so it's big you
should festival we are filming over here
somewhere there's a little screen so
something you ship is gonna come we're
gonna play games with them over here and
then on the stage behind here
it's just kicking officers filling up a
minute this big stage and a massive
bouncy castle slide what's not to enjoy
so yeah we're getting ready I've got
these in them just leave them it's film
which is really nice to be able to do
yeah it's gonna be a cool day but this
scenario is the only only badly low this
week like sticky chewy amazing delicious
sweets can't eat with a min well then
take them out from it we load your
sweets it's still good it's all fine all
right so we're back at the hotel finish
quite earlier today which is nice about
yeah well something it's still a very
nice thing I really want to go any
sports nut bar we've got any of those
videos from today so I'm gonna crack up
with them hopefully get done and then
maybe your venture out survivors as it
turned out the editing took ages which
is always the way and so they get seeks
to understand I just had early night but
and yet this is me just get ready for
bed so I took the tracer I just brushed
them like you brush your teeth and then
went to bed with them ready to the next
day hello here we are then we are on the
street doing a little photo shoot is my
friend area hi
I've got these it I'm do you can tell
which is nice so obviously on this
channel I do some fashion stuff as well
as she lost look books and then lots for
Instagram stuff so it's nice just to be
able to wear them and not kind of say
them in and out for that so yes it's
been easy it's been great
so there we go little week in the life
of some stuff alpha dude recently hope
you enjoyed that and give it thumbs up
if you did big THANK YOU to Invisalign
again and if you've got any questions
just pop them below and I'll do my best
to answer them and yeah thanks very much
for watching and I will see you for
another video next week see ya yeah let
me buy it love I love you break
