cheers morning guys welcome to my
antigua travel vlogs so as you can see
I'm in paradise at the moment we arrived
last night and I still can't believe
that we are here I feel very very lucky
right now during open the blinds at 6
o'clock this morning too this view was
pretty surreal had a little bit of jet
lag so I actually went to gym at like 6
o'clock this morning and we've just done
yoga on the jetty hence the gym outfit
so of course we moving you guys along
for all the fun today on the agenda
we're going to have breakfast now and
then we're going to go on a snorkeling
trip we're going to use them anew and
then just have cameras I'm really
excited to play around with so yeah
welcome to Antigua hey hello
I cannot community I have to bring in
them but we are going to be putting that
new and done in the past though this is
none will try to get maybe fish
hopefully so it is a few hours later we
had a fabulous time on snorkeling trip
even managed to see a stingray which
hopefully you might be nonstick out but
then we had a fabulous lunch and we've
been relaxing in our own little piece of
paradise before the afternoon it is now
my favorite time of day
golden hour I think I'm going to try
flying a drone in a bit so that they can
the software as you speak so fingers
crossed I've got to get some nice aerial
shots for you but yeah however come
around too much today because I feel
like I was totally zenned out feeling
very peaceful and kind of forgetting
about wellness with apologies that a
little bit but we're about to enjoy
afternoon tea on the range those things
links out here at the Carlisle base
which is quite thrill having our
community in partner but yeah let's get
right
okay so I think I got a few drone shots
fingers crossed it's quite hard to see
out there the lighting on the screen is
pretty challenging and as you can see
I'm inside now and to make up for not
vlogging I'm going to do a little mini
get ready with me and hopefully share a
few tips on how I like to get ready
especially when I've been on the beach
all day as you can see my hair is filled
with seawater my skin is just super
shiny and I've got about an hour's get
ready so first of all I'm going to hop
in the shower and my hair needs serious
nourishment after day and see I've been
enough to see all day snorkling and then
just now on the beach so I definitely
need a hit of moisture recently I have
been trying out the coconut milk range
from Garnier and it is exactly what my
hair is craving when I'm on holiday from
that old enough length collection it's
got that she derived ingredients but
it's especially the macadamia nut oil
which just filled my hair with goodness
and especially you know what it's like
after don't see your hair does need to
be filled with goodness again so I'll
definitely be using this shampoo and
then I'm going to be using this re in
one and I know this looks like a pretty
big product to bring on holiday even
though I'm only here for four days but I
find that my hair really needs things
like this I have got a lot of hair and
it gets very very tangled so I always
bring a hammer with me
just one into three and why so you can
use it not and use a deep conditioner
when you're in the shower which is what
I'm about to do you can also apply it
when your hair actually you know what
when your hair is this kind of done when
it's just a little bit wet but you just
want to add some serious deep condition
for the rest of the day that's my first
holiday hat you can also apply it to dry
hair just on the air
smooth any flyaways so I think that I'm
going to apply it with the original use
of the mask in the shower at the moment
and now help me detangle because at the
moment yeah we've got some seriously
naughty hair going on so even my colour
green shower do now I need a shampoo and
a normal conditioner and sometimes in my
hair is really really bad I need to use
a mask straight away but what I'm saving
this one for today is my after shower
covering treatments of my hair so when I
get out the shower especially on the
beach holidays I find that I just cannot
get a hair brush through my hair despite
using an ugly condition in the shower
but what makes this mask so special is
it is a three-in-one so we can do it
either apply as a mask in the shower and
just leave it on for like five or even
ten minutes and then commercial has to
afterwards or you can do I like to do
and I personally find this the best when
your hair is maybe like sixty percent
dry like this to take the spoonful or
it's good full and then rub it through
your hair and and out your hair dries in
the joy now and then and your hair dries
it really just focusing all those
nourishing ingredients and softens the
hair makes it shiny and then also if you
do when you has a little bit more dry
can help get rid of Swire ways as well I
might do a second round of this so I
mentioned it's paraben free it's got
naturally derived extracts and because
of those lovely ingredients in here it
just smells so so good so now I just
associate this smell the holidays it's
like a really warming coconut smell and
yeah I just love it so as you can see
it's making my hair super easy to brush
through I'm just using a wet brush like
my savior's and as the evening goes on
my hair will just absorb all the
goodness from this mask
alright so now is about all brush
through my hair I'm going to start on my
makeup so I'm just going to tie my hair
in a low bun just to keep it out of the
way
and then I'll show you a few more Beauty
holiday hack right there as I mentioned
that have been wearing fat passivity and
disposed of
a little bit of space time before coming
away I do want to top of my time so my
next holiday hack is to take away your
body lotion also contain a hint of self
time so this one is the summer body
cream Gagne and it's very very subtle so
no one's going to look for you at dinner
and be like oh my god she's wearing
three times so there's a focus of
gradual tan they call it a moisturizing
lotion for some kids look virtually
build the natural King town and I
definitely agree with I can use this in
the UK but because it is so hydrating
super fast absorbing and it's got
apricot extract in there as well that
smells lovely
I just find the perfect thing for
holidays so I am going to cover myself
in this and not only be moisturized but
build on my tan as well alright so my
moisturizer has been thinking into the
past five minutes I'm feeling super soft
and my skin it smells absolutely amazing
it's thanks for lovely apricot extract
so over the next couple of days I'll
keep using this every day morning and
night and I will slowly but surely
develop an even more beautiful and
kissed hands of really just helps to
like answer your holiday time next I'm
going to do my face I've ever really
spend any more than my five minutes
doing my makeup on holiday I just keep
it super natural of course cleansing my
skin I did cleanse in the shower but I
always would use my tan or water before
starting my makeup a coarse Kanye my
slaughter you guys are probably bored of
hearing me raise bucket but I always
carry one of you to the minis with me on
holiday this one is the one that's
really good for sensitive skin can use
on your eyes your lips so because it's
so gentle as well I find it really good
for when you've been on beat your day if
your skin perhaps a little bit sensitive
from sun exposure but of course it just
gets rid of any dirt and any traces of
makeup so really just freshens up the
complexion next I'm topping on my
moisturizer I'm going to use the
elements Pro collagen marine cream I've
got a little mini and I've had lying
around in my travel bag
I'm determined to use it haven't even
taken silver off it yet but I love using
this at home it's one of my favourite
dealing with drivers so it's really nice
that I can just have something that I
use regularly all the time and as part
of my holiday make
routines for my foundation this is a new
webinar accessories from gell-mann if
they're aqua nude lingerie / foundation
so this is a water-based foundation
again all about keeping the skin
rehydrated and really library products
and this one also plumps and hydrates
the skin as you wear it you're really
getting skincare benefits too it's a
very light finish as well there is
nothing worse to me than being kicked
and make up when you are in a beautiful
hot climate so I really love this is
just such a lovely lightweight natural
finish and I'm just blending this in
with my Beauty Blender for my brows I'm
not even going to try any product I'm
just going to use the spoolie part of my
brow pencil just to neaten up the shape
I used I need eyebrow a couple of days
before coming out here so they are
naturally quite dark shape wise I just
yeah a little bit wild but you know I
don't really care too much when I'm
abroad
just keeping it quite natural a little
bit of bronzer just to show you how to
spend a day in the Sun this is the gun
and terracotta Salma tonic and it's a
waterproof one so this is basically most
long-lasting bronzer but I've ever tried
really does the color go down can just
do no wrong when it comes to bronzers in
my opinion but yeah this one is
particularly long-lasting especially in
humid climates and I actually love the
color of this so much that I'm going to
be using this as my eye shadow just
taking a big fluffy blending brush
sleeping it over the lid a very quick
flick of mascara this is a trouble sized
one from Bobbi Brown it's best smokey
eye mascara I don't mind the scar in the
daytime it is just add a little bit of
drama to the look that's still keeping
it really really natural and then my
lipstick is in my handbag but finishing
touches I'm going to use the Estee
Lauder bronze goddess spray on oil this
is their shimmering oil
and on my goodness I just love cavities
my skin not only does it smell amazing
but it has these little shimmering
particles in it so this is another
holiday hat you can smell amazing and
have a beautiful shimmering skin which
readers enhance with your hands with
products like this I think affordable
product wise looks have got one but for
me you cannot beat smell of acid or
bronze goddess so this is my fave I like
to put up my arms just patting it into
the chest and then you don't need a
perfume either so great multitasker okay
I grabbed my makeup bag my lipstick that
I'm using is the Double Wear stay in
place lip liner in the shade rose
because the rest of my look is totally
natural I'm going to go a little bit
more bold on a list so starting with the
liner and finishing with the lip color
this is pure color Envy in insatiable
ivory again as they order you might
recognize this from one of my previous
vlogs because I told you how obsessed I
am with this but this formula so
nourishing is like the most perfect
consistency the most perfect shade and
it's almost like a balm as well so so
many picks for this especially amazing
for holiday we're just going to blot to
make it last a little bit longer and
we're done so I'm going to leave my hair
damp this evening I really don't have
any issue with going out with my hair
dump obviously I've got the Garnier mask
in there working its magic so this is my
finished look as I said just super easy
no more than 5-10 minutes absolute
maximum and we're ready to go
good morning so it's around 12 o'clock
midday at the moment we have had a
little bit of a tropical rainstorm this
morning which is quite spectacular to
watch actually here in the Caribbean
because obviously it's a tropical island
when it rains it absolutely torrential
rains we had power cuts we had thunder
we had lightning so yeah it was pretty
spectacular but I used the time off the
beach to get a little bit of work done
so feeling good about having a
productive morning
I've also woken up a lot more bronze
than when I went to sleep thanks to the
summer body and Ambre Solaire I used
last night so my holiday beauty hacks
are working and also because we've just
had this epic storm I feel like all the
bugs are going to be out in force I've
covered myself in the Avon oil that I
was telling you about that's also a
great mosquito repellent so fingers
crossed I won't get bitten to death this
morning because I'm going to meet the
guys now for brunch and then we're going
to head out for a rainforest Trek which
I'm really excited about I don't really
know how long we're going for and this
is the only outfit I have with me that's
remotely suitable so not the best
prepared but I'm going to take my
olympus tough camera with me so if it
does start to heave again if the heavens
open once again i will be prepared but
first it's time for brunch
so let's get going
so we're back in the dry in the comforts
of the beautiful hotel room after our
adventure let's call it in the
rainforest using the olympus touch we
were trying to get some macro shots
because it's a 4k camera and is amazing
at getting these close-ups so fingers
crossed I managed to get some really
good snaps but now after I actually just
filmed a little beauty video which you
guys may have seen already but now I'm
going to be heading into the spa we're
going to have a lovely 50-minute Indian
massage which I'm so excited about but
I'm just about to meet J before that
take a couple of outfit photos I've not
worn stressed before you may recognize
it from my aides or two loaded before we
went so time some quick shots and then
time to chill so it's already our final
morning here in Antigua but the sun is
shining again so all feeling very jolly
we had an early morning 7:00 a.m.
Pilates outs on the jetty again which is
just such a lovely way to start the day
it's already super super hot I've
already got my glow on as you can see
but I just headed out I'm going to spend
the next I don't know half an hour or so
I was going to be trying out the
different lenses taking some snaps
around the hotel very green very
tropical so I'm going to try and get
some most close up some nice tropical
palm prints and then I think I'm going
to ask Jay to take a few more outfit
shots of me and make the most of every
second while the sun is shining so let's
go and get some sense
so the last few moments here in
beautiful Antigua we're blessed with
another golden hour the light and time
is ugly stunning
so this strange guy that keeps following
me around the camera
Oh
