hi everyone I hope you all well it is
ridiculously early in the morning Marcus
is making breakfast but the today's vlog
is gonna be a little bit different
firstly because I normally vlog like
wookie style but this look is just gonna
be of today because I've got very
exciting day planned and secondly
because I partnered up with Kinder Bueno
on this video to do their try a bit of
different challenge and I'm basically
going to do exactly that so I'm going to
do something later data is completely
out of my comfort zone like how I'm
trying to like around poppy anticipation
even though you guys have obviously seen
the thumb they're one of the best days
about work on kinder Wayne is that you
have to try the product a little bit to
check this out a lovely box full where
no got some white chocolate ones in
there got some milk chocolate ones in
there this box is obviously a bit more
full but what can I say I'm a bit of a
fan then why can I have very different
tastes when it comes to chocolate bars
is actually one of the few that we agree
on we like it I mean fun to use but we
don't agree on how to eat it know how do
you eat it just like chunk it down jump
it
whereas I like to take off the wafer and
then like scoop out the hazelnut Center
and whenever I eat it mark is just like
shake you and you team Chomp buddy team
scoop Dijon so much just having a toast
and then he'll be off to work and I'm
actually off to the gym so leave it
probably already guessed from the
thumbnail but today I'm going go-karting
and I am so excited I've always wanted
to go go-karting like years and years
and years just never had the opportunity
so very excited for today and I'm just
massively into driving at the moment I
already passed my test like two years
ago
I learnt when I was 17 but I felt good
test three times it ended with me
mounting a roundabout and obviously
failing my third and final one I was
like no that is it so it was only a
couple years ago I took it back up again
like really to learn to pass and now I'm
just hugely into driving so what better
time to have like a driving experience
day go-karting extravaganza I'm probably
the thing I'm most excited about is that
I'm actually doing it with my sister
she's actually always wanted to go
go-karting as well
she got a rest day so I was like yeah
why not let's have a little sister day
out like normally we just go to the gym
I'll go around each other's houses to be
quite fun to do an actual day like go to
someone with her and of course isn't
going to be a bit of a sister
competition of course we're naturally
competitive with sisters it's
interesting
Megan's definitely more of the badass
one out of the two of us like she is
well hard if you follow her on Instagram
you'll know that she's really into like
fitness she's really strong she's a bit
of a badass but she is so slow at
driving we call her the turtle and I I'm
really I'm crossing my fingers I think
that my chances are okay at beating her
but it's currently the school holidays
and I don't know if anybody else is
gonna be on the track and if there's
some like young cool teenagers there
like me and Megan of both gonna be at
the back of the bus I'm just gonna pick
her up and then we're gonna head up to
London and have a very fun day this is
my sister Megan pulling on Instagram
Instagram link below because like I said
I've already liked on an intro to use
and we're a bit badass I said we just
talking about go-cart take it back I'm
saying she's anything II think my heart
to get it I'll go and then he said those
something you use this really fancy word
but there's something in the wheel thing
where when you turn right in a car off
one of the wheels will slow down like as
you turn right he said with go-karting
it doesn't so the wheels are still
turning just as quick and like really
like hi yeah I've had it about crime in
your shoulders I'm sorry will be wearing
a see-through poncho one of those like
well this week
okay I came a
so bad she overtook my even her and they
stopped the race okay so final thoughts
and feelings on the matter I was saying
to bacon I was like I want to do this
for every like birthday I have the rest
of my life it was just so it was so I
noticed sister Megan was in the loo and
so we had like the little scorecards and
in the first race he came ten out of
eleven income laughs I mean the second
race you came tenth again but it was out
of 13 people was it I don't know picked
up but one point I think because I was
that was a real like sister I just drop
my sister back oh so enters on my
parents they fed me which was great and
my mom had just baked muffins from
Tanya's book they were absolutely
delicious my sister and I also tried to
convince them that go and go-karting for
my birthday good idea including my mom
my dad's up for the idea my mom not so
much but I really want to make that
happen and now I think they do a little
bit of you know you go I feel like I
need to stretch it out don't drive in
today I think tonight I'm gonna use a
yoga with adriene video so I'll link
that down below for you but it just
makes me feel all like stretched out a
nice and relaxed and kind of ready for
that because it's quite late already so
do that take off makeup strange men
we stretched out and slightly this
before markets home to judge me for my
strange ways of eating it but let me
tell you it might not look like the
prettiest way and eating it but sleeping
out the hazelnut Center is just the best
way I'm telling you team scoop all the
way but hope you enjoyed this vlog it's
been something completely different and
I am now obsessed go-karting and I want
to go for my birthday I want to go for
all my birthday's I want to go home five
my sister's like we should go back and
like practice when weekend's we can get
better at it and like hundred percent
agree we had such a whale of a time so
thank you so much to Kinder Bueno for
partnering with me on this video because
it was honestly amazing and it's fun to
host this today out so I hope you
enjoyed this little bonus video I will
be back on Sunday the brownie video so I
will see you then thanks for watching
bye
tranio is the best way
