morning guys so I just woke up and brush
my teeth and all that but I have to get
ready and do my makeup and do some other
things because I am meeting up with a
friend in West Village for breakfast so
I'm going to take you guys with me I
have some other stuff to do I think
honestly I'm not really sure how today
is gonna pan out but I know that you
guys really like blogs and I just really
wanted to take you with me okay much
better I feel like every time I do my
makeup I just feel so much better and
like I'm ready to conquer the day so I
am going to show you how I have been
doing my hair recently this week because
it's like kind of different and I just I
think it's really cool and I just want
to show you guys basically I'm getting
brunch with a friend I haven't seen in a
really long time because she went to
Italy for a semester so I've been
missing her a lot and I'm so happy that
she's back in New York so we're just
gonna get brunch um and yeah I just
really wanted to do a vlog like this
where I kind of you know take you guys
with me around the city because I feel
like the previous vlogs have been just
me doing laundry or me just being really
boring okay um but I've never done a
vlog like this so I apologize in advance
if it's like kinda messy and not as
professional as the blogs that you
probably see um but I'm going to try and
film and just like talk to you guys
throughout the day as much as possible
because I feel like it's just fun and
it'll probably be a lot of clips of me
just walking and stuff like that um but
I will keep you guys updated and
basically just take you throughout my
day which should be fun I think
I hope but yes okay I'm going to show
you how I am doing my hair this morning
okay so my hair is obviously looking
very weird this morning because I just
brushed it um and my hair always has
like a natural wave for some reason even
though I really don't do anything to it
um and sometimes I like wearing it in
waves but sometimes I just like where
you know what I see like models put it
and just like super slick ponytail or
just like it's down and straight and
then um so I found this and you're
probably like what the heck but it is a
brush that straightens your hair it's
not as damaging as a regular strainer
because I really don't like using heat
on my hair um especially with a
straightener where you have it like
clamped between these two hot you know
plates and I feel like that's so bad for
your hair where as this you know you're
not you're just kind of brushing through
your hair like you normally would
um and it only goes up to 378 which I
know is still considered high but
compared to like straighteners that will
really go up to like 400 and like 15
degrees it's not that bad so it won't
damage your hair as much as a normal
strainer would because it has bristles
it really runs through your hair and
makes it less frizzy so this will be
eliminated
quite soon this is from vanity planet
I'm sorry I didn't even say that
and I will have a discount code that you
guys can use but first let me do this it
feels so good
it's really just like brushing your hair
I'm going to finish treating my hair
with this and then I will show you the
final results and then we will move on
with our day because I need to get
dressed and I need to take a subway so
you can just it's so straight mm-hmm
and again I don't do straighter often so
I just love the change-up and it still
has volume but you can get a promo code
that literally gives you 50% off so I
will leave that in the description with
the link and everything so you guys can
check it out if you want to alright guys
so I have decided on an outfit um
Topshop array which I'm pretty sure I'm
going to wear just because of how cold
it is but not sure and then vintage this
vintage cardigan which is super huge
super comfy um and then just this brandy
melville shirt underneath it and then
Free People jeans and these amazing
prices it's which I'm already obsessed
with I'm so cute yeah I can show you in
the mirror that's easier so yeah and
that's not all I'm gonna wear oh I'm
going to wear this Zara
likes aviator jackets here
and again another item I've just been so
in love with because it's just such like
a staple
um yeah so cute so I'm definitely going
to wear that because it is literally 33
degrees thing and I'm just going to
bring this fry um bag to um I have on
these vintage earrings cool
let's it out
okay so I got cake what did you get
in the
okay hi guys so I'm actually back home
because it was just so cold out like I
wanted to do you know other things and
everything but it's just so cold it's
like my feet were numb so I was like
alright taking the subway back home and
yes but I want to show you guys a couple
of things I wanted to a stop just
because um I just wanted to hand cream
because my best friend um had a hand
cream from them and I was like wow this
is amazing and it's actually not that
expensive you know compared to their
normal products like it's it was only 25
so I was like alright this is good it's
a big tube it'll last me so I just
decided to go ahead and do it because I
love the ESOP in the West Village and
the guy was so nice he gave us tea and
literally I tried all these different
scents hmm this is the one and look how
cute this bag is so rosemary leaf hand
bomb and it comes in this pretty big
tube again so I was like alright it's
good and hopefully I can take this
traveling with me I'm not sure about the
carry-on but probably in my luggage for
sure I think this might be too big to
bring on a plane but it's good because
it's winter and my hands have been
absolutely terrible
so also I'm going to Puerto Rico this
Wednesday so excited honestly I probably
will already have pictures up and
everything by the time this goes up but
um so I've been like recruiting tons of
beachy things because I haven't had you
know obviously any summer things in my
closet so I bought this back on Etsy and
I just received it today and I really
really really want to show you guys how
cute is this is is it weird that it kind
of smells vintage no that's a good thing
alright I think I'm going to need
scissors so this is the beach bag I got
off of Etsy and
so in love with it it looks even better
in person and actually I didn't think it
would be this big it just has this like
basket woven pattern which I think is
just so perfect for the beach and then
it has like this really vintage vibe
obviously with this thing and the
whatever this material is on top but
yeah so it's vintage I will link the
store that I got this phone like the
little Etsy shop but I'm so excited to
use it now yay not even for the beach I
feel like I could probably use this um
you know just in the summer as like a
summer staple bag so yeah very
successful day alright guys so I think
I'm going to end this vlog here
hopefully it was like entertaining
honestly I'm not going to know until I
edit but flea you guys found it
interesting and it was just a little
glimpse into what I do on days when I
don't have class and I don't have
homework I got all my homework done
yesterday and it took me like three
hours but I was just so happy to have
this day free and do everything because
tonight I am going home because it's my
mom's birthday so I have to do that and
pack and everything but yeah I hope you
want me to do more of these because I so
would I just really don't think I'm like
a good vlogger so I don't know how you
guys will feel about this but yeah but
thank you so much and I will see you
guys soon bye
