good morning guys and welcome to my
second weekly vlog of the past few
months
thank you so much for all of your
comments on the last one I'm really glad
you liked it this week is going to be a
bit different because I think I want to
try and do like a few vlogs basically
it's Monday today on Wednesday Mike and
I are flying out to VidCon so I'm going
to do like the first half of the week in
this vlog and then there's going to be
some la vlogs with me and Mike as well
it is all just coming out to see you
sorry Elsa someone was sit back down sit
back down
so it's basically been like the hottest
actually yesterday was the hottest day
of the year absolute hottest Oviatt
today so even hotter this one's been
having his breakfast outside which is
why I was coming outside to see you
Polly
check out his new shoes as well guys
this is quite embarrassing Mike rolling
well I think now a bit embarrassing
these are golf shoes the coolest shoes
ever and if you guys missed on my
Instagram I dyed my hair pink and purple
yesterday and I love it the only problem
is is wash out it last like I think like
two or three washers so I'm trying not
to wash my hair basically you're gonna
smell em the next few weeks I am gonna
be stinky no it's going to be good it's
good to know I'm doing today waiting
today there's a reason why we called the
time oh you're getting your I'm going
off no catch Shari chance I'm going for
a fitting with pxg woo I don't know what
that means if any of you guys know what
that means I think it means buying
things buying new golf clubs um little
pig little pig what are you crunching on
piggy back inside now it's too hot
outside yesterday I'm basically just
sourcing everything out for the trip and
I've also videos I'm going to go out
with my mom and trying out my eyebrows
done because I have not had my eyebrows
threaded I realized they look fine it
doesn't have makeup in right now but
they are like fluffy you know like the
floss that you get like around that is
back in action and doing loads of
washing as well and this video is
sponsored by
the nor UNSTOPABLES now some of you
might remember a little while ago when I
went to Japan I actually did a video
with nor or just after I got back from
Japan last time I went to America I did
a video with Lenore for their fabric
conditioner and since then I'm like I've
become slightly obsessed with it the
point where like I'm telling all my
friends about how good to smell pretty
bad like pretty embarrassing
that's kind of massive geek and anyway
so when I was telling my personal
trainer Ali who might well be watching
this if you are hi Ali
and Jemima then I was telling her about
this fabric conditioner and she was like
oh my god have you tried the unstoppable
stuff for your gym gear and I was like
no what is it
and then the nor contacted me and asked
me if I wanted to do a video with them
about the unstoppable range and I was
like hell yeah because we already use it
so basically what it is find mine sees
that all my body can actually smell and
everything already good these are the
lavish and basically they are in wash
scent boosters so if you're washing
anything really sinky like gym gear
hence my personal trainer recommended
them to me she was like if you're
washing your trainers or gym gear it
just gets rid of any smells and just
makes us all really nice I've since been
using it mainly for like gym get dog
towels towels in general things that
kind of tend to get a little bit stinky
like if they get wet whatever and that
was kind of just become addicted to it
and I'm using it on everything and
what's really good about using it for
traveling is that the scent actually
lasts a really long time so you know
when you're packing your suitcase and
you want to like open it up when you get
there after a really long flight and
have your clothes smelling like really
fresh and nice and like home and yeah so
the scent just last very long time so
you can kind of like I know that if I
pack everything in my suitcase is still
going to smell good like at the end of
the week when I'm like unpacking and
repacking so changing hotels three times
in five days this is our utility room
there's a lot of washing going on right
now oh the other thing that it's really
good for is like you're smuggling stuff
makes it more really good
so yeah that's what
this morning I actually we've actually
got to washing machines this is really
cool because when we moved we inherited
one as well so we have two washing
machines on the go and the dryer this is
my favorite scent anyway the lavish one
I've smelt them all in the shop and I
tend to go for like those warm kind of I
don't know like more like perfumey home
kind of homely smelling like you would
have a scented candle like a warming
scented candles they're really weird as
well like they're little to show you
guys Mike what the last wash on and I
think you may have put the cap in the
wash which you're not going to do so how
do we find basically you pour a few of
these in with your washing and you can
put like just a few in if you're doing a
little wash and you don't want like a
super sense boost or you can put loads
in if you've got something really stinky
like dog towels or smelly trainers yes
and it makes them smell nice I also
wanted to show you a little bit of an
update on a spare room because it's
being decorated so you guys will have
seen this last week when the wallpaper
was still on the walls when I was
showing the new carpets this is all the
decorators stuff he was here last week
and he's going to be here this week
decorating this room as well
the wallpaper is off and we've been
doing well we he has been doing a lot of
work on the windows because these are
super super old so he's been stripping
off a lot of their kind of slates paint
and filling them in a lot of the window
frames are rotten and we're also
changing the color of the woodwork from
Queen to white so it's like a whole
repent I can't wait till it's finished
if you guys can't tell as well I'm still
recovering from this down cold it's been
over a week since I got back from Italy
and I'm still like really really bummed
up so the worst cold ever I'm so glad
Mike didn't catch it but yeah I can't
wait to see this when it's finished it's
going to be so different when we get
back because we're going away right at
the time when he'll start decorating
everything so we'll basically come back
and it will be pretty much done I don't
really excited guys can you see this
it's like 10 not even 10 o'clock - me
and it is 28 degrees this is amazing
also today guys I don't show my car very
often but I've had the same car for like
a very long time
if you haven't seen it before this is
what it looks like it matches my hair
today
so amazing early very very over excited
about that I finished filming for the
day guys I just dropped Polly who helps
me with my phone rings back off at the
station and I am now heading to meet my
mum for lunch it is so freaking hot
right now it's 30 degrees I am sweating
just a little bit I think we're heading
to Nando's I'm actually excited because
I'm meeting my mum and my sister-in-law
Becky and my brand new niece willow and
we nephew Arthur for lunch and we're
going to have a little mo Zhi ramen shop
and I'm hopefully gonna get the brows I
just had a really nice like mom and
Becky and I'm now in HomeSense
I just found me which is supposed to be
for the kitchen but I'm actually going
to use them to organize my makeup
remember when I did that like organize
my makeup video while ago and so many of
you were freaking out well if I though
putting it all into one draw so now I
found these see what we can do with them
I just got back from town and this one
look see look Mike what are you doing
with that that doesn't stay in there you
left it in last time Jenny Han oh my
gosh she doesn't know Mike doesn't know
you know this vlog is sponsored by them
this very blog that wasn't yup guys I
promise it's gonna be really good do you
like them then I'm the one who does a
lot around here
well I do some why are you washing the
thinking stuff myself this just got
washed he's hanging outside 33 degrees
30 degrees if you had the best day ever
you're a bit backlit glorious day I mean
so much look at the blisters on my hand
oh no G proud owner of new expensive
golf club no virtually expenses all
costs but amazing I've got a new driver
which goes 50 yards of my low driver
really looks really not you just hitting
harder no club I've got that's new
3-wood it goes 10 yards under my
offering wood got a new RESCUE wood
new ions really internal chocolate or
version of torchon tall shaft yeah I've
got a million where I'm so weary milled
wedges funny what I think I'm so sweaty
I'm not overly happy with my brows
because they couldn't tint them oh so I
bought one of those at home brows I kiss
and I'm going to do that and I look so
horrendous because they did my upper lip
as well so have my upper lip done and my
brows and so that basically that half my
makeup has come off dyeing my own
eyebrows casual I have actually used
this for and it was really good last
time this eyelid eyebrow kit so if you
haven't got a patch test and you need to
dye brows ASAP this is like the do at
home version it's actually pretty good
because they give you enough to do it
like I don't know maybe eight times ten
times amazing I'm pretty happy with that
I was worried when the dye was on it was
quite warm on you reckon this brow in on
camera looks warmer in the mirror
it doesn't anyway I'm actually not too
happy with the way she did this one
either because she's taken too much off
this bottom lip and it's already faster
than this one just kind of annoyed me
but yeah they look good I'm happy with
my at home dye job so whilst this one is
still talking about golf clubs I am
going to show you guys what I got from
HomeSense
this vars which i think is so amazing so
beautiful it's like enormous that's
going to go in the hallway I was twenty
five pounds and then I got this cushion
which I love which is for one of the
spare rooms I actually put I'm going to
put it on the bed and show you it's like
the tiny little single four-poster bed
so I got that and then I also got this
throw for the end because at the moment
it's all white but the room is kind of
like grey and silvery and then I got
these square quilted pillows I only
needed one but they came in a set of two
I don't have the stuff to go in the
middle yet but that's also for that bed
and then I got two new pillowcases
for the other spare room which might
told me we need to spy new pillowcases
for yeah I got them found I got two
because we know two of them were fine
and then these we needed two anyway
thousand thread count I was pretty
impressed with that I got three of these
like deep storage containers and then
this one which is supposed to be for
cutlery but I'm going to put like
mascara eyeliner eyebrows stuff I'm
going to show you guys what I've
organized it I'm kind of excited to do
that so to give you an idea this is what
the bed kind of looks like but there's
no cushion in this here so it's going to
be like that and it's like quite grey in
this room and then the carpet used to be
dark green so it's now kind of gray so
everything goes and yeah I love this
cushion so much think it's so cute
and this little bed if you guys haven't
seen this before with my bed when I was
a kid her mom found it an antique
auction and I think it's Indian it's
like a tiny little miniature full post a
single reticle in love it mike is
cheffing up his speciality spagbol
tonight and he was going to serve it
with rice which would make it a rice
bowl yeah just whenever but no no no we
need pasta with it yes we do
this dog is one very very very hot dog
it's actually really cool in here in a
cinema room at moment it's probably the
coolest room in the house squidgy has
just gone through like 10 minutes of
going absolutely bananas and now she is
like passed out panting because she's a
hot dog I've got piglet here looking
cute and treacle bum there and then Mike
is just going to find his phone because
he's lost it and I'm also currently in
the process of trying to convince him to
watch 50 shades darker do you think we
can do it guys do you think we can do it
I am NOT optimistic so as I suspected I
did not manage to get him to watch Fifty
Shades but um we have decided together
actually I'm real excited about
this to watch the very last Resident
Evil well resume it very well it's
called the final chapter so that was
actually really good I really enjoyed
that
however slightly misleading in fact I
don't think it's actually the end what
told you that smell even the other thing
is the never - never rent a story see
you guys tomorrow morning guys look a
little bit crazy today today is the day
of all of that admin and the packing and
all of that jazz trying to finish
everything off before I leave it's very
hot still piglet is a hot dog
all you need is a bun now hey Pig the
packing situation is happening however
it's a bit of a mess I've just managed
to you like pack all of my toiletries
and stuff I actually really really love
this case which I got from Sephora Mara
Hoffman one but when I'm traveling I
find it really hard to find wash bags
that have like multiple compartments and
this one is really good because it was
this hot fire for like any medicine and
stuff you've got a brush container and
then under here you've got like a zipped
compartment where I put like cotton buds
and hair ties and stuff and then you've
got the main compartment which also has
these like elasticated bits in it but
it's really going to fit two loads in it
and it's actually really squares that's
quite compacting the suitcase
and then I've got some SD polishes
because I'm doing something we'll see in
the next couple of weeks when they cut
back which is looking fairly empty
actually because I always end up buying
stuff when I go to LA how cool is this
makeup bag by the way guys it's from
skinny dip I've got a scent it last week
from L'Oreal it was the coolest thing
ever I love it
and then these are like my in-flight
just dropped on these are my in-flight
bags so this one has like my eye mask
and tissues what else does it have in
here like face wipes and toothbrush and
like hair bands and stuff and then this
one has all my in flight
skincare which I have quite a lot of
origin stuff going at the moment because
I've got some samples from them little I
tried my cram to the magnet bar best
ever
eyebrow star mascara to lip gloss I mask
Estee Lauder and our eye mask the best
ever kill spray and hyaluronic serum
from the ordinary part is a little
origins eye cream the clothing situation
is not nearly as organized though piglet
also has a new little smoothing spot
do you like sniffing under the bed
little pig you're so funny there's not
normally anything under the bed duvets
under there at the moment because it's
too hot for a duvet if you decided you
liked sleeping under the bed yeah yeah
funny one I spy with my little eye a
little monkey dogs have clocked me like
straight away
Mike Mike he is supposed to be printing
off our boarding passes right now he's
definitely asleep in the Sun so actually
in the shade which is good oh my
goodness guys I've had to come and steal
Mike seate under the tree because it is
so freakin hot everywhere in the whole
house and I'm just filming a little
message for a fundraising event my
friend M Ford is organizing for
Grandville tower and I can't be part of
it it's a livestream that's going live
tomorrow and I'll see I'm going to be on
a plane so I'm really sad I can't be
part of it actually because it's really
amazing like really really amazing she's
managed to pull together a load of
youtubers to do a live stream and kind
of raise money for gram flour so if you
guys get the chance it's will be up
after that but the fundraising page will
still be live I'm sure so if you want to
donate to it as you guys know if you're
based in the UK and further afield I'm
sure like the news kind of covered it
everywhere such a awful awful tragedy
unimaginable like absolutely
unimaginable tragedy so yeah if you guys
can spare anything I'll pop a link below
to their fundraising
Asian go into an 8 because I mean you
just can't even imagine what this people
look on through and to lose everything
as well you know it means so a lot some
all of lost family members friends
neighbors and have witnessed the most
horrific thing ever like like I said
totally unimaginable but then to lose
your home and lose all of your
belongings at the same time just you
just currently even so yeah I'll put
that below anyway bit of a downer on
this vlog I'm sorry guys but that's what
I'm getting ready to film sitting here
in the shade in the garden because it is
sweaty I'm currently trying to take a
flat layer picture on my bed and I have
this one she's actually like got into
the cushions like this and she's super
hot she's panting squeeze that's just I
just don't think this is a good place to
sit if you're really hot my love you
like snuggling all the cushions you
silly silly dog from doing a super
last-minute shot mainly for dog food but
also for some bits for my sister who's
have fatigue and I forgot to tell you
guys about these my friend Libby
discovered these vivid a green pea pasta
and red lentil pasta so gluten-free not
what I'm doing free but basically made
some veggies instead of wheat so and
they taste amazing as well you're
looking for something new and tasty I
would recommend oh my goodness guys I
just spent like an hour
doing my fingernails and my toenails and
they were just really gloopy and weren't
drying because it's so freakin hot a lot
a fan right next to my head but it is
just still so stuffy and hot 11 o'clock
gotta get up at 5 I need to get some
sleep these guys we have like a
menagerie on the bed and they're all so
hot just like stretched out
this heats crazy we need AC last minute
packing adjustments 6:00 a.m.
Mike suitcases are so organized mine
aren't a mess saying goodbye to this one
the worst part of leaving hapy
and then this year
you look after your buddy for you sorry
dude you can't come with us no I wish I
wish so I woke up extra early this
morning in time to make my own green
juice and it is freakin amazing
there's celery cucumber apple tiny bit
of watermelon lemon and kale in it
trying to get this one to try it just
look like one set I'm not ordering this
morning and a lot of orbiting is shovel
some of it but you might like it you
never you're either crap down my throat
it's not it's vegetable than fruit I
don't want vegetables and fruit for
breakfast what I want try I wasn't a the
current travel is meeting up the current
traffic situation I was about to say
interestingly how basically it's
instability and it's taking us exclusion
if you for like two and a half hours to
do and normally in our entire journey
now 12 minutes of Cozumel is normally
intended lifting
the county's making 50 I need pee so bad
the green juice was a bad idea
looking now I do think I did something
we finally guys we are getting off the
motorway and I think I'm a schemer have
we made it just in time guys grab the
fastest breakfast in the world now get
on the plane basically put my pajamas
back on great life insurance I swear so
and conditioning of lame like off the
chain you're going to be cold under the
pictures you're going to be cold
this is officially slowest escalator
well
because our leaders do
in the war I am in the bathroom for this
one
because I got given a free upgrade and
check in and like hidden such see you
later
I what you want is this one I guess
in fact be honest guys I hope there's a
young child screams you know what you
it's not you're just having between
negative like you currently on the hunt
for an uber what are you going to read
well I want to do one book for the year
I have no idea but I have read this and
its really good the girl before I read
like a preview copy because it's the
same publisher as mine don't know I want
to read guys so we just went through the
gate guys and they say that grade my why
do you premium economy that's all so
thank you again
you are awesome happy I'm no longer
totally in the bathroom
also just notice guys we have matching
shoes on
we're very cool and I just tripped over
my bag smooth out my moves I'm a loved
one I'll come and visit you don't get
too excited
we've arrived guys and finally in LA the
flight was actually amazing but we just
had a nightmare situation we're trying
to get a rental car and it's taken us
like three hours
but we have arrived in our hotel room
and mike is chillin on the bed eating
some snack drinking the sprite and I
thought I would do a hotel room tour
because we're staying at the SLS in
Beverly Hills and then stay tuned for
and it's really cool quite different
we normally set the London which I
really like why just fancy to change so
I will start at the beginning this is
the door that you come in and in here
there's like loads of different I think
this is the Wardrobe yeah but then
there's like a minibar all that jazz
pretty intense stores to be honest and
then this is the bedroom it's quite cool
like open-plan there's like a mirror
here with the TV in it and like a little
table my handbag the snacks have already
been hit up Mike they're chilling and
then there's a desk like behind the bed
which is quite cool some funky glassware
and then the bathroom is a mirror here
as well which slides so you can close
the bathroom if you want but it's like
open-plan how cool is this thing I love
it and then if you go around here
there's another mirror and then this is
the bathroom
so all super super modern love the towel
rack and then there's a toilet and the
shower and that is it and I think we
have about two hours before dinner and
we were just going to chill we're like
actually we're going to fall asleep we
chill and we're saying right off the
Beverly Center so we might go into a
little more maybe just have a gonna have
a little mosey around the Beverly Center
cuz otherwise I will fall asleep it will
happen
wah so sunny out here guys the sun's
going down at the beautiful evening view
this one did some shopping you say that
look I brought you something I got a
candle Mike got two t-shirts a pair of
trousers and some pants
we're now off to dinner up here this way
of yonder it's brighter than the Sun it
literally is as bright as Sun so we're
on our way to a restaurant called of
Verlaine's as you know which is I think
it's like modern Mexican I have been
there before I think it's fairly new I
have never been so happy to see some
food and my life guys of all authority
in taco and beans for tio which look
really delicious and squidgy remember
your people know delicious and might got
steak which look when this is restaurant
it's really cute I like it kind of like
indoors outdoors so I definitely did not
finish my blog last night guys I passed
out at like 8:30 we tried Mike's putting
on a Sun cream over here
we tried guys we tried we're now in kind
of semi gym gear because we are off for
you're in I'm in semi gym gear Mike's
just in cute little shorts and a t-shirt
we're off to Runyon Canyon for a height
which I'm really excited about although
the Sun is not particular so where the
forecast says it's going to come out I
have high hopes guys come on we are in
LA that's me it for this video but make
sure you come back in a few days you
want to see the rest of our trip to LA
and big thank you to Lenore for
sponsoring this vlog with that
UNSTOPABLES range my gym gear is still
smelling super fresh even after her 11
hour flight actually I will the city on
the flight as well as that bad don't
tell anyone it still smells nice I will
see you guys tomorrow
but in a few days time when the next
vlog goes up high I like
