last week my good friend Helene and I
decided to live in the moment and take a
spontaneous little trip to Amsterdam we
had an amazing time eating a ton of
delicious food and exploring the
beautiful city checking out the culture
all the while being kitted out in some
gorgeous pieces for an accessorize so
here is our spontaneous weekend living
in the moment
Amsterdam we are in you quick hotel room
tour this is like the quickest one ever
there's a little long-ass balcony right
there
and thus is the bathroom
we're gonna go out into the center right
now and we're gonna get some snacks
because we're hungry and we're just
gonna come back and chill because it's
kind of late but we should never little
walk around in the center and stuff and
then tomorrow we're moving to a
different place we're going to an Airbnb
tomorrow then we're going to add a
festive little it's gonna be great and
then we've got two free days of nothing
and whatever we want to do they said
they just eat loads of food and walk
around and see interesting stuff and
maybe do some shopping because honestly
Amsterdam is just amazing fashion and
fashion all right we're gonna go we are
going down for breakfast
we hope your breakfast is done we had so
much now we are gonna make our way to a
B&B and I don't know how to say it so
I'm gonna attempt it yes we're gonna go
drop our bags there and then head to
uncle first of all we just got to Derby
a beard is so cute quick talk there she
is
one how cute is this living room it's
tonight
so we are now on our way we've left the
apartment it's lovely so now we're just
trying to find the trap we have no idea
where we're going
it's fine we're gonna go into the center
get some watch chips because oh yeah we
didn't film that yesterday we've got
chips yesterday yes so we're gonna get
the tram to the centre get a little bit
of food and then we've got to get a
ferry to the festival but we got me go
away yeah yeah don't give me that face
you're excited I get seasick don't worry
we'll speak again soon when there's
something interesting to say again I can
see you in the green lip all right
guys check this one out and say this
whole place is crazy whoa whoa whoa whoa
whoa Wow
but is the CC stands I've ever seen in
my life
are you firing up a flat surface
she felt like how many tonight now guys
it's been such a nice day but now it's
my day
so those the like isn't that ideal but
we are back now we ended up not going to
the festival because by the time we were
ready to go it started raining so we was
just like mmm go and eat like nice food
and chill indoors or stand out in the
rain so we decided to stay didn't way
we've also got matching hadees because
we have to stop a crime often cold and
rainy we are going to watch defenders as
it came out yesterday on Netflix who
watched the first episode I fell asleep
as always but Halina caught me up a
little bit so now we are going to catch
up on the second episode right now so
excited and then up in early tomorrow
for some more activities and we ready to
go
I've got two bags on me today cuz I'm
carrying so much stuff yeah yeah so
we're gonna take some pictures and do
some video stuff today get some good
food and probably visit a few museums
and
yes you did just witness a vending
machine for burgers
kalenna is making me shot again qtp it
gets me every time
we are at the Museum of Photography
named gem so we should take a look
inside get some culture get some
inspiration
okay hopefully it's good
we came back to our favorite chips fob
because these chips are too amazing to
not eat every day they are so crispy but
so fluffy
I don't even understand what kind of
sorcery this is bloody beautiful so glad
to be in a car hey guys hoodies on once
again we have so many snacks here and
we're about to carry on watching
defenders it's not that amazing yeah but
yeah we're gonna watch the rest of it
tonight you've got a whole day tomorrow
then we're going home good morning guys
it is breakfast time in special in a
household where having crammed its with
this stuff that we bought yesterday good
hello it's like a tahini desert bloody
amazing pistachio flavor so it's gonna
cook that on the crumpets it's gonna be
great
how many feather is okay you probably
got to hell the Sun is tightening I'm
literally a t-shirt which never happens
so we are just exploring we're about to
go to the red-light district for a time
number two never been in the daytime so
that's going to be interesting to see
that stuff in the daytime obviously I
can't show you guys any of that sorry
about that but you know how it is yeah
we just gonna have a little walk around
for a few hours probably get more food
and then it's gonna be time to go
a veggie burger Wow when it's all gone
I same time right it was great we are on
the train to the airport so we just went
through security and I got my bun change
right at that time she said that she
wanted to smell bleach you know one
armchair but let me go no it isn't
coming to a juice bar or green juice has
been love unhealthy food this weekend
the top starts now and wishing the
better you are gay and vain before we
can enter this place on the March drop
back and we both ready for our departure
