hello everybody I'm welcome to Miami
Maggie knew yeah me have if we need to
learn work so that loves missile but
gets through my army we've just we
arrived last night and pretty much as
cocktail were saying tonight
today must night and tonight at the
sense beach hotel it's really really and
will relax will okay I will show you the
room bird it's a bit of a methylene head
little sneak peek it's very very bright
let's say looking also glamour on the
old bald Khan enjoying the Sun so it's
25 eight right now in the morning and we
watch the sunrise we're a bit let me
check my through physics and it's just
so hot already to this yes but very but
still much fun we're going to go on an
art deco walking tour I'm a bit of an
architecture boss and also some real as
well as disease mark Takai buildings
just laugh what miami life for sure so
an ocean drag just about to go to our
art deco tour it's absolutely so hard
for you okay resistance and yeah hey we
can really like breakfast in the hotel
and that was right and it has been like
I'm writing absolutely I'll become
it's a sausage dog in a park a police
officer in Anthony 24 is desire little
progress very very interesting we just
looking at a part deco building so
obsessed about deco so promotion it was
his choice so interested the building
design and also manatee has so much
stuff I'm literally in my element like
every corner return of the spectacle
second to again
they smell like ham was it went mini de
Gaulle no Charles no senses rely upon
the size of the South Atlantic for 18
special convention like I'm literally in
my limos led like what you stuff
everywhere on a sausage as short as box
of hot mama so hot dog copy file system
collusion worship they would like make a
confidante Alton pencil and grab a mic
karela developer Pakistan horizon they
called it Babu
a baby a senior highlight marvelous what
we wait for now what will you do
Mexicans from just a reference just copy
our classes from locking our table and
here is the mojito over here mister
thank you like a trio this develop a
specific evening everyone
we all got amount about head to a show
love my girls as you can and really
excited because it's incredible I've got
it well fingers tight dress number odd
feeling very visiting with the birthday
look in Miami that Art Deco tote was
incredible like so so great I love all
the amazing architecture in Miami is
just phenomenal Noi editing for 10 out
and birthday oh sure
the light right now is just you chose
like pink hinges and all the buildings
from the Sun look at that
just gorgeous and then three day you can
see the zoo there's no cream
yeah and now I will help you cover a
long slow so right now we're way too
fast now to me and to love me I mean an
obscure holy fiery rage classic makes
analysis
hi everyone so he peed around hot five
now and then an amazing day on the food
to like comment I read a little bit late
so what we really didn't stay and wait
was amazing we saw and found some really
hidden hidden gems in I on the beach it
was way too much food but yes and
bananas ceviche Itza lava
oh yeah it was really nice where I'm
second hotel now which is so lies with
hotels and Yamaha Ayane with left the
beach is very very sad indeed for
hands-free children dressed in like
double ruffles today how to business I
must say I'm video for dinner at the
really Yacht Club as speak of sounds and
looks incredible so fine dining
restaurant self be very nice indeed
good mom today we had fun to beat down
beat all day long but the weather had
decided for us and it's going to
overcast the world a train whistle and
instant change so we started getting
tactic and confidence of Lanna which is
about 30 minutes and we're saying I want
to help out and so far as loving it it's
really really cool and just kind of hold
a population just really really cool
colorful and vibrant we're going to get
a traditional Cuban coffee now from ELF
pub which you can speed assess it sort
of is really really cool mural I love
you Miami something out there and then
Miami there oh and also yesterday we
were dining at the river yacht river
Yacht Club yes and my goodness it was
just a mining with like an outdoor
spective totally new river on the river
we've got over the Miami like high sky
lights in the background three was
phenomenal yes man of service was just
like being kind of local seafood 11e
yeah my fan actually ever yeah it was
just amazing i highly highly recommend
i'll link everything everywhere we go
with in this blog down below so you can
check out should you be going for my ass
which is never going for a traditional
coffee and verb
we've been recommended this place so
let's give it a whirl
strongest and sweetest coffee ever a
motorcyclist it slick and shiny hello in
my ball
hello so we just being to merely Conseco
an amazing Mexican restaurant which is
just now the bottom of Little Havana it
was like so traditional it was just
really really cute and we're going to
head it hi to you and ball and chain bar
from the heat oh they got live music on
itself and finish our trip to LA caba√±a
like I'm really dark and with a delasco
honor ice cream
that extract this is the tool today the
weather's been really quite cool and
breeze it's been actually walking down
and completely in love a little hop on a
sofa little vibrant mr. Bobby
so yeah snow for some Michael
thank you
oh yeah what'd you get
oh yeah
would you like it again thank you so
much
and it's a nation good morning everybody
today we're in Wynwood for the Wynwood
Walls and it has to be like mother lode
let it be cancer on everybody's lips
we asked having the triple fried postbag
no judge canary dick the Wynwood mural
orgasm anus or guy Brian Joo was very
very clued up on everything to do with
reward our graffiti music to me this
very passionate like recess so we like
though as installment Italy when we're
gonna with snow and then we support
through Midtown Miami on the way to
design this very functional petranova
the look white off script original
you're honoring now another very arts
can add a we're in the Design District
currently and it's full of like dead pot
shop well and tingle your Louboutins
absolute beautiful at most stunning
shopping destinations
even under us so is about 10 and 10 and
10 p.m. now is suspenseful and amazing
and I went to komodo a downtown miami
december colophony
and house aspects the best male of the
entire trick it was delicious it was
like alien food for the best way so is a
Mexican protein matter is America is
just too violent nothing else it takes
together an amazing taste of any like
this guy the Komodo piece every hitter
he wanted to have every single dish of
sensation having while you be speaking
dog even making like rolled fondant
tacos with truffling to use like Mowgli
I thought I'd have a little have an
evening off from vlogging as you can say
F of 1/2 type of often they're really
silly projects or shared Jean Michels
economies also really lovely coming out
with some so tired self in the final
phase of the day and get some cake
because we've got a baby yes
relaxation our speech I call it a line
and I cry what are your basic is
good morning so today is Wednesday and
we just left the language and kilometer
I said a final hotel especially a motel
and if these are the ones motel in the
Upper East Side and is just so cool and
look how bumpy is I'm literally obsessed
with my mother my favorite so far the
gorgeous pool which is our night heated
so it's very tempting to stay and just
hang out by the pool but we're going to
go up to the beach today it's like the
most beautiful day ever and go further
go get lunch brunch because you know you
in yes and then go to the beach so of
course you're coming along with us
please just being little lady look there
lounging hello everybody
oh yeah let's go do damia back Wednesday
yeah we've come to the big pink because
so many recommended it that's the menu
is flipping to you what the heck do we
go for oh my dog Thank You Canada Oh
America in your portion
this is today bullshit this morning
you're happy that they say we are going
to change by the pool and survival on
top half we're so ready set will help
was already for that for like intense
we've have like exploring we're just to
be ready just to relax by the pool I got
sunburned yesterday pretty lols which is
not the moment so she's going to go into
a towel with us today
beautiful tall here at the Vagabond hope
have literally stunning and they won't
say double bed lounging so that's what
we get
who are you welcome to space editing
suite oh the one with division and
Instagram we are yeah yeah very good
time hi
occasional 80s it was a great life
Williams cocktail didn't reach the size
of my head
Zyra by the doctor gasps oh yeah yeah
Nexo bigger than our edge thank you nice
one token about that big enough we can
so we go ways it so - weird how is it
so it's our last day we've been pretty
much just like sat in this very position
precisely where Sookie Bree let's check
out a library with the vagabonds and
we've got flight equipment by later this
afternoon
so whatever nothing better present for
me since I just thought I would sign up
pay regard like the best trip of a
lifetime
ma'am it is like what it was amazingly
was I've ever ever visited it display
some beets linear in life downtown you
call the high-rise buildings and then
when you're 45 now it's just every area
is so different so very causal planet
absolutely felt like a little hop on it
but yeah we've got the best time I was
highly recommend if you can ever get the
chance to come and do it
I really hope you've enjoyed the clog
and seeing what other sisters get up to
and yeah that's it really I will see you
in my next video whenever that may be
- finale Abbas potatoes with boy bye
boy bye
