good morning everyone
so it's Friday today and I thought I
would do and what are eat or actually I
guess what we eat in a day video I'm a
little obsessive watching me on youtube
I love when people might buy in the day
video and if you're not heard Justin
perform then pretty much as simple as
that I'm going to show you everything
that we eat today we were also recently
contacted by how they fresh which are
food subscription service and they do
different packages but we were sent the
family rocks and that has four different
dinner dinners in it or like it's a
massive box and show you intersect all
of the may embed in everything that you
need for four different dinners and I'm
really excited about that so it's tied
in quite nice in this video so we're
going to cook one of the dinners tonight
so this is the box that it comes in I've
already opened it and put some of the
fresh stuff and everything away and and
it's absolutely massive and you get so
much in here so basically just open it
up everything's inside you get a fresh
thyme and you get your recipe card which
I will show you in a sec and as well as
everything else you get this which is
like a cool bag and it has all of the
meat and the dairy products and anything
that needs to stay cold or chilled and
so that all comes in about like that
resides packs and everything so that
even if you can't get it in straight
line like get it into your house or
you're not there and it arrives and it
doesn't have to be unpacked immediately
so I think that's really really good as
well
these are the recipe cards that we have
for this week and I think it's quite
exciting Israel to not know what meals
you're going to be having and what's
going to turn up and to maybe even
potentially just try something new and
just you know not always be stuck in the
same routine of the same nails and
things so this is what we have and our
options available for this week so we
have pan fried turkey steak and I love
the fact that they have like little
picture
is of all of the ingredients that you're
going to need downside and that one have
sausage and butter beans shoo we do like
to stew in this house I must say that
looks good this is a beef stir-fry
we love a stir-fry well and then
obviously the whole recipe and
ingredient list again is on the back and
this is a bed for a GU rigatoni which is
something that we don't usually have so
that looks quite interesting but
nevertheless we like all of these things
so that's good hello fresh has been
really kind and given my subscribers 25
pounds of their first box if you use the
closed on eBay though are these all the
information in the description box if
you would like to try a while but right
now I need to stop thinking about dinner
and make some breakfast because it's
still actually the morning and I will
just quickly show you as well because
I'm a little bit excited we've got a new
fridge I know it's really sad too
excited about appliances but when you're
a born adult then that's just what
happens to you I think and we had like
the cheapest like smallest little fridge
for the five years that we've lived
together so far
and we find some no we're going to get a
new one and it's huge so I'll just show
you it it doesn't massive in here I have
to say but we're getting used to it and
then actually has like that much stuff
especially in the freezer we need to get
a few more like freeze a bit but the
whole side of this is frozen and the
whole side of this is the fridge and
then I've got all the hello fresh
dinners in here so what new fridge
exciting so our kid requested stereo
this morning and that I'll do some
freaky cereal and I think the key city
want some yogurt and fruit and maybe a
slice of toast or something and I think
I'll probably just have the sames that
was saying is him
is it really bad that I was in the tail
on toast for breakfast I'm not going to
have it far as I really really want my
darling let's go to the park yeah we can
go to the park H if you want to silence
favor breakfast our cheese got some
mulch around food and some strawberries
and grapes and a pharmacy couple grapes
long ways like that because I'm
terrified of him choking on them and
some yogurt this one is mango papaya and
passion fruit so hopefully like that bit
he'll probably want even more than they
feel probably that come back and they
want some toast or something because he
asked haven't a wiki breakfast of toast
fruit and yogurt breakfast of champions
so I'm having some tell on toast a
banana and some berries
I've got strawberries blackberries
blueberries and grapes need to do my
toast we've got a little tiny bit on
your mouth just just in the corner just
just enjoy live time oh it's all on you
either
I'm on you first now you should spend
today remove sit good boy well done that
is excellent
that's not looking it good
Cyrus I please just get you things for
flypaper we do in and aren't you have
snacks arches just having something that
would snap mango and strawberry shape
okay we're heading out now but we just
were naughty and picked up Millie's
cooking so all we left as art you gotta
zoom but we're going to go on home now
and have healthy lunch and we decided
speakers and not our nearest I'm
replaces disregard gonna go home make
some art and boys yes right we're back
from our little to explode now and I'm
just doing lunch before we can expect
out and go to the park
this is what Archie's having so today
he'd lunch is some sausages and scotch
egg some carrot sticks with hummus half
the bread roll with butter in it and an
apple and I'm just going to make him
some very watered-down orange juice and
that's what he's having free lunch
my name Ricky languages are chicken
salads but we both have them differently
I've been having this a lot lately this
is mine so I'm just having the other
half of our treaty roles include to
waste and this is a lot of spinach
because trying to get my iron levels up
the said avocado tomato carrots which I
don't usually have but because we had
them months got them and pulled chicken
or just you know ripped up chicken
basically and a honey and mustard like
dressing and I usually have spring
onions with this and it's really nice
but we don't have an egg and was in
yours
I've got lettuce tomato cucumber avocado
chicken sprinkle of cheese and what's
that place for balsamic glaze yeah
and water yep where we just got back
from home back from the park and now
what we gonna do and sit standing there
yet and you can help me yeah yeah I
helped up and it's time to make adding
up to show on which one we try yes I we
chose this one which is
pan fried turkey steak and you have
mushroom sauce and pancetta more foods
with that and then always even criticism
but everything Friday okay other some of
what you've got
what ways that no it's a left yes
what's that share share lots yep
what else can you show us what's that so
you got loads of Ingary amazed amazed
amazed amazed yeah the Red Sox we're
good
just finished cooking dinner you did a
little bit more make a little tiny baby
smells so delicious and the recipe was
really really easy to follow and quite
simple and I just like the fact that
like there's lemon thyme and there's on
treating it up there then like lemons
and garlic clove all the things that we
would just leave out me they're like
real slaves of things we would just be
lazy just have it about this for what
amounts as well right not when even when
you was cooking it you could smell them
was going to be like like then it's not
wondering put too much of something in
it when it comes for you then you're a
bit like all right why can't I suppose
this is the finished dish and I'm not
going to hang around any more because I
want to eat it pull it off good evening
guys so I'm just finishing up a bit of
work that I needed to do and then I'm
just going to chill out for the rest of
the evening and so I show you the last
thing I'm eating today which are a
couple of Millie's cookies which are
saved from earlier today they feel
really good it was nice to do something
a little bit different we end up working
a lot on Friday so it's nice to take
arch to the park and you know just get
out of our normal routines a bit and
then know that we were coming back to
make a really nice dinner I definitely
would recommend to those fresh now that
we've tried it I'm excited to have the
other three dinners and like I said I
will leave all of the information about
it in the box below with this special
code and Dolly Bravo to get twenty five
pounds of success order like I said
earlier and yeah I think that's about it
really thank you so much for watching
everyone please give this video a big
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and you'd
like me to do more what we eat in a day
videos and I'll see you again soon bye
you
