good morning angels welcome back to my
YouTube channel and welcome to another
day in the life saga of Ellen the Jane
Darby and Connor pulls left in their new
apartment it's currently about 11
o'clock in the morning this morning I've
been editing my autumn clothing haul if
you haven't seen that yet the link is in
description box below make sure you go
and watch it I've given the house a
brief tidy but I need to film is run now
and do that my main focus this morning
is getting these beauties first I
partnered with to send out this video
and if you don't know about to send you
know they're basically like an amazing
really well Fry's salih art sort of
company my sisters sometimes work with
them before and I just literally love
their stuff so much so I picked out some
stuff that I wanted I'm gonna hang up on
the walls let me show you guys now
actually which ones I've got think you
guys will love them oh this is all the
stuff that's going up on the wall in our
living room basically under Sonya's
actual website they have like ass
calorie wall info section where you can
actually pick like different styles
gallery walls obviously if you just get
loads of pictures this is a very adult
thing I noticed when I was them trying
to do like this it's so hard to try and
put together a good combination of all
the different stuff but luckily they
have a really good section on the
website where it like gives you ideas
for different coloring types the first
one I picked up was this big one this is
a 50 by 7 foot print and it's just a
pink perfume bottle the next big one I
picked up with this is also assisted by
70 this one this is a pink flamingo and
then it has a really nice quote at the
bottom of it which I really love it says
reflection attract what you expect
reflect what you desire become what you
respect and mirror what you admire and I
got to 30 by 40 ones and these are the
ones I'm going to go for in the living
room this one says Coco I don't do
fashion I am fashion because that's just
me boo I picked this one because I just
thought that is so amazing how nice is
that
says vacation mode on and like pink neon
writing against a grey wall that was so
nice and then I picked up these two
small ones for the 21 by 30s I picked up
this one which says live your dream I
thought that was so nice and this one
which is pink and it says simplicity in
gold writing so they're gonna go up on
my living room wall right there and then
I pick up some
other ones as well which are gonna go
into other rooms which I'll show you
quickly but I also picked up two more
big ones which is I'd probably like my
favorite prints out of all of them you
guys the first one is this amazing one I
don't know I think it's like a like a
beach or an island or something but it's
got some really nice tones on it there's
like pink and gray which is what my home
is you guys know that by now
and then this one to go next to it it
says relax and the L is all funky and
upside down I'm gonna put those two next
to each other and I really want to put
them in our bedroom because I think
that's you know calming I think it's a
nice thing to have in a bedroom my issue
is I forgot to buy another 50 by 70
frames where can I put this one's
upstate which I'm so annoyed about but
next time I go to Ikea and I'm
definitely gonna get another 50 by 70
for him so I can put them up in the
bedroom I'm gonna put these ones up in
my Beauty room this is like a gold map
of the world and it said and I think to
myself what a wonderful world which is
just one of my favorite songs ever I
think it's so nice and I'm gonna put
that one next to this one which is a
pink zebra print and then the last one I
bought was this one I was just obsessed
with this I saw there's no like oh my
god I've got to have that in my star
sign is the Sagittarius star sign
there's such Terrace November 22nd to
December 21st fYI my birthday is
December the night from 22 this year boo
of curiosity for the unknown which is so
so mean they have them to every star
sign I was gonna get Collins as well by
thought I just you know I mean the
bedroom is a work in progress so today
I'm gonna focus on the living room and
beauty room ones and I'm gonna hang
those up right now so as you guys can
see this is directly above our sofa and
this is the sort of like inspo idea that
I was telling you guys about
senio on the website have an actual
guide how to hang wall print so last
night Connor was being my handyman for
me and honey's all up and then these are
the two in the Beauty room that I'm
gonna do just because that's a really
nice place to put them you know that
wall is kind of empty and over on this
wall I'm going to be putting shelves up
also thinking about putting the Knab and
I thought the doors gonna shark can't
see them this New York painting that
kind of bought me is going to go
probably above that so really the only
place I could probably fit them think I
look cute there though I do actually
have a
to dicenio-- for this video and I have a
discount code as well which I believe is
just le e ll e and that gives you 25%
off all the posters but honestly really
recommend guys just going and have a
look because I was in love with all of
their posters and telling me that right
now I feel like such an adult talking
about this I've been excited to get
these posts up for weeks now I've had
them for so long
oh let's get them up
oh my god
are you obsessed because I am how
incredible does that look oh my god
really underestimated how much of a
difference that was gonna make I love it
I'm absolutely in love with that now I'm
gonna quickly go and do the ones in the
Beauty room oh how amazing is that even
those two make such a difference to the
room do you know what I mean like it
just it just makes it look a bit more
full oh I love it so much okay so I've
just popped up the Sagittarius one in
the frame that when I decide where I
actually want to put it I can just put
it straight up I have a spare little one
now I don't know really why I've got
that one then this is one of the frames
that it's gonna be used in the bedroom
but I need to buy another one so I'm
really looking forward to getting those
up because I just didn't I didn't
realize how much the prints would
actually make a difference do you know I
mean like I just think that completely
adds to my living room the only things I
think I want to do to my living room to
maybe get a small desk to put over here
I just think that corner is like a bit
bare I need something there I need to
get some candles in these lanterns I
need to put this LED light up on the
bottom of the shelf and this is gonna be
the Christmas corner so in here I'm
gonna put my Christmas tree and stuff
other than that I mean obviously it's
really messy at the moment but my lounge
is really coming together those prints
are just everything I love them so much
don't forget that you guys can get 25%
off two senio things using the name
Ellie get out out eat but it only gives
you 25% off I believe over Tuesday
Wednesday and Thursday this week so make
sure you're fast with your orders but I
just love mine so much yeah that's so
cute my link is in the description box
below as well for the rest of the day I
am gonna go right to my sister Lucy's
house now what ow sorting out some other
bits I have to the flats cleaning it up
getting it all in shape like because
I've been in here for like three or four
days now I have a lot of stuff done but
every day there's something that I
remember I need to do so I'm really
looking forward to it being Christmas
and Halloween and stuff may be able to
decorate oh my god
boo you know I'm gonna be extra I'm
gonna be extra on the holidays you guys
know that so much so I really hope you
guys enjoyed this video I hope you love
my prints because I do how gorgeous are
they if you enjoyed this video make sure
you give it a thumbs up and if you have
any questions about to send your own if
I back then leave a comment down below I
love you guys so much let me know if you
put anything bassanio use on my discount
code or it's only wired for Tuesday
Wednesday Thursday so get your orders in
boo I love you guys so much and I'll see
you in the next video bye
