I am back I'm back and I'm back in
another country yep
I am not at home in London no this time
loin Ellie I'm not in Vegas I mean Ibiza
me Casper
Alex and Virant I've come to Ibiza and
it's gonna be blue it's going to be
crazy
we've come to Ibiza it's going to be a
lot of fun we've literally just got here
didn't want a flock tough journey here
because that's boring we don't want to
see that do we and Byron was barely late
into the country so I think you wanted
to see that either hmm
but I'm excited I've never been to a
week before is my first time we are
staying at the SH wire
I believe that taps pronounce the SH
wire and I've heard very very very good
things about it when I say some friends
who have been tied me to sport I was
saying here they're pretty jealous so it
should be pretty cool some pretty
colorful spaceship looking bets over
here we've got it all we've got the
party stuff here you know we've got some
more party bits down here you know where
else we got we've got the bathroom boom
I'm in the bathroom we got the toilet
but a nice big shower shower actually
reminds me of mine at home i apart from
like the leaves and stuff on the wall
over there
it's consonants like I always moan I've
never been here for I'm ready to get
going I am ready to get down because we
are going to be meeting in in an hour so
we just come back to a room I'm going to
freshen up have a shower and stuff I'm
going to somewhere that's meant to be
very cool very amazing so let's go I'm
going to balcony now what's bright is
that Byron over there naked
go so blarin as I got down the hot tub
in his room look at him
you don't need to hear anything I'm just
gawking at you but anyway I think it's
time for me to get ready so I'm hoping
the shower I can't believe he has a hot
tub on his balcony I blows my mind
because we will give like kind of random
rooms and he ups he got the lucky straw
so the big straw I don't know I got I
don't know that the phrase is there but
he had the hot tub so he's very lucky
anyway like I'm gonna get runny now it's
going to be cool I'm excited never been
it I beat the show me where you got guys
something amazing is happening I mean
what if it was a star I couldn't have
started any better there is a fashion
show at the hotel and that means hot
honey so let's have a look at them is
this store fresh what I'm doing ladies I
love you you want to be my girlfriend
I'll look after you compliment your
parrot will love me I'm from it come on
oh no she rejected me she walked up I
mean guys haha how perfect that oh do I
mean I get naturally what I can do is go
into the kill and that's exactly what
I'm going to do when the shower go down
there and find myself a girlfriend so
I'm showered prepared and ready to go
and pass hey for the wheel this dear
Alex give them I'm cool great so here we
join fast now we're ready Byron and
Casper or what number was it when I
three on a three I think
yeah we'll say 103 we'll knock on their
door and it does not even and Camille
quick come on alright weird why were
drawn looking at so long probably a
political tool
taught me how would you learn it
yeah the same saviors marble boy
Byron and the God stands to Z in his
room
how cool is that I am crying so jealous
stuff oh what's going on I don't know
the proper here we are already here for
up try please no questions about my
riches with burns is much cool okay yeah
already here guys I told you I'm
stepping on my blog game okay so let me
come back later this was going to be
crazy all right
oh I'm McCarthy that's not my car guys
I'm not going to lie let's be real what
is going on in here look at the size of
it
glad I dare you I dare you
okay so we've got some lunch on a nice
little beach spot the beach is just over
there already see it's like a shining
light in the background vibrometer is
there this is like the dark like the
beach so bad eh sure this isn't too bad
I'm gonna get sand in my shoes I mean II
get sand in my shoes are happen it
happened a bit right this isn't a bad
beach a
again lovely we are ready to party after
you ready so we finished a lunch now
we're walking down we go again I thought
some day on the beach and this is our
solemn spot right here not bad huh
really really going now
we were bussed over Wharf this is
perfect photo there are more lip firing
is asleep and we're going to get in the
fallen asleep on a lot of these popcorns
done a lot for me both Alex so much ice
bucket challenge should I do
of course you're calling it would you be
annoyed yeah
Byron is kindly introducer Lombardi
Bobby I know but he invited us but I
invite myself out into his having to
clumsy oh I mean I'm in
that onyx up there we're in the top and
alex is up there a pair hello i praises
so we are in the whole number and I
advanced barnacle companies you have in
your right to also go to do a lot of
associations offering aa very wouldn't
know is bathing outside so it is day for
a little bit chilling and stuff then we
are going to be on it
I don't know what the plan is really
happening you have any idea what we're
going to do the fun we've in our ticket
or Alec tonight we're going to assign
tarnish wat life of a thing and the
other thing but we're going out here and
I with science the carbon bald head that
comes up where the hotel booked here we
go
song guys can you catch it jaune Pyrrha
and offering it in LA we are dressed and
ready to rock and roll
I literally mean rock and roll I like a
rock star selling rocks that were those
yeah I'm going to want my rock star out
of the way all those core shout out so
we think we're going to apply I guess
we're a little bit of Portland's call it
a night
that's not yeah and tonight so pedantic
the little creepy holy things it's about
it's about those school antiviral active
and I am pretty certain system and yeah
but the Creator yeah he's been given a
little present
why we like a present don't we cancel
about Wilson they're an explorer in
there if I can
Alex was the head to do
what's in that the gun magazine okay
wait your fan Oh Alec you've got enough
of those haha sorry
we got a CV without evil and nice I'm
Pete so let's get on with our little bit
you know so what's up oh oh god save the
queen oh I like that cuz we're British
profile you're not allowed one for sure
good night Irene know what's going on I
think the real life is this there's no
rocks left and hi
nope tap castle there's no one left no
there's no one here taking pictures of
this camera isn't on Jasper but that's a
really bad pose anyway laughter you're
going to get thrown out just get out
yeah thank you there's I've just been
solid place better than Vegas I'm going
to be the judge as I've been to both now
and we're going to see Casper yeah I
mean you you can just go today
you haven't means like I mean I have
they haven't though you don't in my hos
eyes for her
how long ago but three of you you know
enough to go out on cystine they didn't
go out serve I played Monopoly that's
cool anyway let's do it a spike all
about
Eric is all going are you sure in Exodus
later Lamech born learn better school
now it's not only funds you fear not
because folks who are offering 50% of
two tickets so Shui Ibiza and highlight
because that is amazing so make sure you
go and check it out
good morning everybody was going on this
is day two of our Ibiza trip look behind
me it's the beach can't see because of
scarm sunglasses and absolutely blinded
by this Sun
that's enough ten minutes estimate oh
yeah pull out the light light breakfast
is in there and there's only 10 minutes
left but now we're going somewhere else
at work because I don't know what's
going to mean out it's going for
breakfast right now because then we've
got a long day of flying ahead of us
again quite hard guys and it's hot right
now
is a lovely day off now we are talking
that exactly what I need up last night
how's the melon because you know you've
got to keep lb you both sigh so yeah I
mean look at the state
I beat the one Jack Sarah the brand for
us today is I think this ask the new one
this morning with its Mitchell on the go
back up in sexual and still the beach
will morning in Alex no except from
Byron on which in has still asleep
but unlike them so I can't imagine and
they've just gotten somewhere so they
not reply to my text owner coming at me
and then we can get on with day two on
the party so we've got Casper our bed
woo he had a bit of a lane because was
I'm standing last night five sodas - in
the morning so he had a bit of a land
currently by the pool but we're just
walking down there be like that's going
to have a chilled afternoon then get
cracking on with a layer we are
seriously behind for tonight it is going
to be a big one thank you thank us
yesterday was just a warm-up so they do
go together
yesterday was the warmup so on
I'm very interested to see what - we are
all go to the beach I actually look like
a sweaty mess I like putting on your
hand
ah okay then they're going to play like
a underpants or it's kind of tenant but
it's also not like a fake tenant unreal
but I'm basically because when wood is
on right now you know I'm feeling like
Andy Murray up in this we're going to go
and play some of this tennis powerful in
the scorching Sun paddle ball without it
it's powerful
paddle ball that's what Alex is
determined okay because there's a paddle
and a ball and the fourth we make sense
so after our first game of England
versus the South Africans England came
out on top with a 6-1 win we are the
best so we do what we do with an alkie
so we're going to give them a second
we're going to give them a rematch and
just show them out son again that
Wimbledon me
the wrong way second game we want as
much feel about leaving oh that's why
you're good
women facility you know the same as you
caster I think we're going to go through
some lunch on the beach I'm so hot I'm
so thirsty but hey only place that's
some flying over here
it's crazy Ballack it worked for money
we did we Adam we should be one most
versatile even don't forget the Maori
brother yeah just take one all about
them debt mcmean are hey alright yeah
throughout full-on are and boom we're on
the beach again because I gained upon
the Sun so you boys a pain for lunch
because you lost in tennis right I
already got you oh yeah okay - fair
enough fair enough even classic and it's
begun the drinks here as Casper called
them the pineapple drink and they're not
realizing that they're bright red with
watermelon sticking out the top of them
he thought it was a watermelon drink but
I've had a long time it's the middle of
the day
there's five o'clock in the evening have
you had a long night but anyway we're
just getting ready now getting prepared
for another big one that's going to be
okay do what hours I mean nothing
so my vlog earlier kind of ended rather
abruptly but now we are out we are
getting some food I'm with Kath I'm with
bar and that's it alakazoo done very
good time so we just went out and we saw
sky go chaos by the way real quick I
just watched I go it was good night he
was good right cargo was top 10 of my
favorite music please Lauren think one
of the girls showing it to you I
remember right what do you like I love
gods themselves this is what I look like
punch yourself in the face and then get
stung by being your nose and you'll look
like me
there's no be around your genius fun but
food is here those the water is fine
Kath we didn't plan on funny teacher
doesn't someone I've actually thought
about sorry for
like how bad is it we're gonna get some
food now and then we're all somewhere
else
are you ready boys a little cool
ah
yes
blue
I mean what fair we didn't have a brew
hey brother you got inverse okay bars a
ha ha that was so funny
come on ha ha so we are here we had made
it to the club for a high and look how
busy is ready say already it's really 2
o'clock in the morning and that's how
busy is it's gonna be a long night
boss might catch morozov's I'm so
excited can be crazy I mean look at it
just of the morning are you ready
this is what it looks like it's a little
bit long this keys nice pocket cats were
in the sales line I have got my wallet
that your game tickets I got our
triggers girl you've got them got your
standard run customer
oh my god the things about the dead for
a long time Hey Dude what's up man and
make it that merge merge merge merge
merge merge I love it so we're going in
this place is crazy
