Oh monthly today we thought we'd do a
little day in the life video just
because we find we don't really blog
enough so we're going to vlog our day
today we got up so late this morning the
time well we have got a lot to do the
timeline is 12
well we go to Norwich we're just gonna
have her mum do a few little jobs around
the house
in video or watching a nanny last night
so we've been singing the songs all day
and actually may not see the job so much
quicker also it's got like special
features on there and it has ice
sing-along tracks which we didn't do
last night so I'm sure we'll probably
will do that it's like it's got you
never fully dressed that smile which is
my favorite we actually saw this film in
the cinema and when we came out I
couldn't stop tweeting about it because
that is just so much it's also got Jamie
Foxx in it and he's and Dreamgirls
i love cheffy fox any things and I
absolutely know that when Jamie Fox
things because obviously he was in that
song I saying she and girl dude an
actress that plays Annie in the film is
so cute she is incredible her singing
voice is amazing and Jen yeah for the
iho wish I got the parts Annie as soon
as I said I wish I about Darla I also do
you guys a dance you know which is what
I like the most because as you know from
like snapchat things I like to make up
like dance routines contract from the
food is really good as well gonna happen
to us boss by playlist so you can listen
to them as well and dance around the
room like the gym we would love to see
you guys sing a hard-knock life and if
you do you can actually win a recording
studio session and shopping spree and
we're actually going shopping today so I
would kind of love a shopping spree
it scares me recording studio you could
do this by like a Twitter video or a
Instagram what we'll do is we'll leave
the links in the description box because
that's a pretty awesome prize that's
something that I would going for I love
beneath us in many ways
the last I've got to do is take Hardy
for walks leads really cute it's like a
parachute if you have to have a lead on
because you go walkabout
so now wait the car ready to go to
Norwich it does seem like it's morning
this morning
that's why I don't drive no I am Lennox
Drive face is taking a lot longer than I
thought
I need a beer yeah the way to night so
we'll see that we've got few things to
take while I bother you things take back
every single time I order something
online I then have to take it back so
we're going to know to take a few things
back it's in holiday shopping well you
have gonna ice cream and say chapel
garden
and also to get to the shops
rhythmic are semantically oh no sir that
is like relaxin
it's okay we found where the mixes are
shopping I've just been to revive it and
we've been to few on places but if
anybody finds up I want super rider now
I'm gonna go to you
Pandora's kitchen which is a wintry
little coffee shop and we like if you
really like cheese scones yeah always
take pictures I just got a cheese scone
with cream cheese chutney and fossa and
it's cool
we've now to come up on your kitchen
always very nice a smelly actually got a
brownie
thank you so much for our brownies their
end you said they were caramel salted
caramel apparently they're the best
brownies in Norwich so thank you and our
ascription some very nice of you
there's a lot of you sweetness as we did
Lucy and Izzy you so much a from lemon -
hi
I mean I'm going to do some shopping cuz
I've got loads of stuff to take back and
other things to buy more and we're going
to my buyer in mace now near the market
part of Norwich we're going to mush so
once gets like barf boulders and things
this way I think and then it's like
Topshop and then all Primark say we do
like good swimwear and stuff the holiday
hi guys so we're now walking into the
Apple store but can't been a long day
today it feels like it's been a really
long day I think it's like quarter to
6:00 now but we're just really going
example store because Lucy's phoned some
reason I know it's required when you
speak people on the phone so we're going
to so that's why she could hear anyone
when she was on the phone we're now
walking out chop field
we've got shopping to play or my bag
seen a little castle just because we
finished shopping but now Lydia wants to
go to Morris just me don't say it's just
me just get to Morrison's forget Sam
well I also want to go to Morrison's to
get some pineapple juice and some solve
a sorbet ice cream to make the pineapple
place opinions Morris moving look at our
sponsor it's really nice sunset tonight
for you slash at backs most amazing Lucy
got the big sea salt shampoo which we've
had quite a few good things about so we
want more volume in our hair and I go
well it's not actually a bath bomb it's
er it's a bubble bar it Lucita open it
because I'm moving mouth like a select
or not select hi it's so creepy
did you get to Primark as well I got
bikini but I mean I'll show you the top
if you want to see it but where it's
like a gin top just like that and then
at the back it's like that that's nice /
that's nice song funny sorry I got some
temporary tattoos then realize these
weren't the ones like warm tape because
they're too big I wanted the really
small ones took these to the till made
for them what was around
corner and saw the ones that actually
wanted I could wear them for like from
our buyer or holiday or something
they've bought this jumper from River
Island and it's like an asymmetric
jumper that's not and it's nice it's
really higher than net so I thought I'd
wear it with like a chunky necklace in
this asymmetric I thought was like nice
high shoes and but then it's why you so
what do you guys think let me know I
normally ask my mom for advice so much
you ask new guys today what you think
let me know so I just got out of the
bath and now I'm all in my checkered
pajamas and Lucy isn't there some will
come out tomorrow I've been hearing you
singing Lucy she sounds cute like I'm
now going to get the lapse of Angelus of
editing we know the kitchen because
we've decided it to make some pineapple
floats add we made them a lot better in
our Christmas video because we actually
have proper ingredients we've got
roughly revised instead but anything
that we could find in the freezer was
largely ripple we had like chocolate ice
cream but that doesn't that won't taste
right but we have a special ingredient
which is the pineapple mango and coconut
smoothie
end of blog hey so if you did like this
blog make sure you give it a thumbs up
Alice food you haven't actually got any
arms do a thumbs up still got my
pineapple flow and also make sure you
check out the anni film which is out on
the 27th of April on DVD and blu-ray
it's actually quite nice blogging for
the day because it feels like we can
just talk to you a lot more watching
quite likes of a more branded I have
it's not really nice it feels like we're
just chatting with friends we don't
normally film like for an entire day I
mean up would you really put yourself on
the internet wearing checking pajamas
and you have leisure and I will see you
in our next video see you soon
hi everyone a walk back to our Channel
today we're going to be showing you our
Boyle routine
we'll be showing you how we get ready
from our skincare makeup and also our
outfits today if you'd like to see how
we get ready for a warning they carry on
watching
