all right guys how you doing welcome
back to another video I'm Spencer she is
and today we're finally continuing our
alphabet dating series where we go on
different dates based around letters of
the alphabet we've done a we've done B
it's time for C C stands for cooking
cooking we're cooking why are we cooking
because this is something that you never
do Wow so it's time for hit me where it
hurts why don't you this is it's time
for us to do an activity together that
you don't normally do yeah yeah yeah
this a we get this would be real fun
what we're doing then
so Domino's has invited us down to their
Test Kitchen I'm gonna be making our own
Domino's pizzas yeah
right we're in the Dominos Test Kitchen
now we've got our gear on a little it
should be like a prince you want to I
have one for home come here people just
over there
July used to have one of an apron buy
used to work at Domino's about ten years
ago right no word of a lie delivery
driver slash kitchen extraordinaire and
when the front seven months this feels
quite comfortable really I feel like a
fun home put some dough down there we're
going to make some pizzas this young man
is going to teach us exactly how to do
it is basically how would you describe
yourself in some got a pizza expert it's
a guru the guru of the pizza world
thanks Spencer we've basically created
our own recipes right a special recipe
what's it called out the game-changer
hashtag it hashtag game changer we're
gonna make it up I'm gonna have a go
Alex it can have a go get all the
recipes to get all the ingredients and
we'll see you does the best one what's
your pizza making like brilliant I've
done it before
let's go
so mark you want to show us how to make
the perfect pizza here we go Alex and
then move away and copy you and then
you're going to join us
look at that a perfect circle two PI R
so that's my one here beautiful mrs.
Spencer zero average pay to sauce so
beautiful sauce made by ripened tomatoes
that's imported oil it has a secret
spices mysterious there is this job
that's mine that's Alex's I'll say
they're pretty close to burners you're
definitely more of a circle we need to
get one reach okay one full wall to
floor you don't know exactly wo wo your
step or dipping right it's time to put
the toppings on the pizza now we've made
our own pizza called the game change we
talked about there's lots of different
toppings and we need to put them on I'm
going to put mine on my pizza Aleksic
and their pearls and her feet so we'll
take a look at the end you guys can tell
us in the comments below whose pizza you
think looks more succulent tasty or
something
right that is Alex's version of the game
changer hashtag it
game changer button I did oh wow I'm
making a hashtag Oh bake it
we got a hashtag game change we're
changing the dominoes game here what I'm
talking about
hi Shari yes all right like it they'll
be there so this is the game changer you
might eat it when a date night with the
missus you might eat it when placing the
game's been a bit Mario Kart playing a
bit of corn Julian let's galaxy next to
mine so alex is like the prefix like
doesn't really think she's supposed to
do at school gets A's mine is like the
Maverick this kid is captain of the
football team look at that look at that
look at that I know is one on it well I
didn't know I could put so much meat on
mine the world is your pizza right it's
time to put the pizza in the oven out
once they're done we're gonna try them
out and whoever's taste best wins deal
deal fast last oh we're gonna get more
to judge them yeah as Jeff guru chef
guru this game in the oven right then
finish good boy
look at the size of the oven there's a
large large oven they go in there and
come out the other end just like you get
them from the Shelf may six minutes
later
my only regret is not doing the hashtag
blasts
she then on top they would have be more
miserable but you never learn
ok so now we've done the pizzas we're
going to try and conquer and have a very
important part of the Domino's industry
it's making the boxes right whoever does
5 boxes first wins yeah I've got this
you've got this things that well we'll
have to see won't we five boxes here we
go spring begins
oh yeah what we're doing now is the
pepperoni challenge we've gotta get
thirty slices of pepperoni on a large
pizza whoever does it first wins let's
do it Ready Set biggie oh oh oh you got
yourself something funky one two three
four five season on it okay so we're in
the Domino's Lobby now we've got our
pizzas there they're about to be checked
by some Domino's experts they're going
to judge them for aesthetic appearance
as well as taste and let's just look at
them before they do we can make our own
assumptions so this is my one yay the
hashtag has kind of been lost in
translation but it's in there yes -
trust me is in there that is game
changer version one meaty juicy piece
the pepperoni perimeter is the key part
there I think
and she's Alex is the rim walk
conservative veg space the meat
yeah but you've got more veg in there
more greens more multicolor a factor so
huge earrings gonna get the win last
Wednesday kind of the thing maybe this
one's got a little bit of an even crust
in areas I agree I agree
great crusted great you can't use it
there's me expert
cheesy and the experts say Lisa got
great crusting okay well okay on this
one over here yeah there's a bit of
everything on every slice yeah this
great distribution right this is a mark
out of 10 for Alex's taste
okay fine taste more excellent okay
excellent mark my glasses I got a bet
knowing yeah
this stage will give us your mark come
on think I would say I am hi again I see
so you're you're judging that shit made
no difference in this company in the
same microphone
just hold on whatever whatever mark mark
is now Eve nothing just don't give it a
night ever find me here be honest every
day it really is good they both taste
extremely good yeah but I am saying yes
yes the game takes takes that what is
this making for us are you sure you sure
you don't to give Alex the win this is
not good guys taking it back before I
wanted to win this competition this is
one I did not want to win because
apparently if I win this Alex I've got
cooked more oh you can make a speech
this now every Friday night you can make
us pizza sweet well guys the overall
judge has got to be you guys in the
comments below let us know whose pizza
is best is it mine or is it Alex's the
other hashtag game-changer right guys
that is it for our time in Domino's
actually taking our hats on with us they
letting us keep them which is very nice
taking out pizza with us as well that we
haven't eaten already of course two
leftovers and you can actually order our
pizza if you want to changer if you want
to there's a code in the description
there's a link the game changer can be
yours and just enjoy it basically it's
delicious
oh I feel so hot now though huh no so
hot this pilots got got the meat sweats
yeah let's get home let's get back to
business bar you enjoyed the video if
you did drop it a like subscribe if you
knew let us know in the comments below
what other alphabet dating you want us
to do next you know lots of suggestions
are welcome we'll go through them and
we'll choose our favorites and we're
going to it alright see you next time
and until then hashtag game changer
don't go change that's it don't go
change it is the line bloody how you
think she don't buy now see you later
