hello guys welcome back to my YouTube
channel and welcome to another vlog so I
am back out on travels again I'm now in
Ibiza with a speaker company called
multimap ears we've just arrived and the
villa that we're staying in is a 10
million pound villa its massive it's got
like three pools all different like
rooms
it's just insane like you're gonna see
soon anyway we're just about to eat
we've just arrived to come around the
pool for five minutes to get to know
each other because there's bloggers from
all over Europe here so we're just kind
of yeah just getting to know each other
are there singers here models here
bloggers here the whole shebang yeah we
just want to sit down and enjoy some
food now and then I will come back on
the camera in a little while so am
oh why don't you show us how do you don
drop that doggie down low
do it like a dougie ho ho Holly where
you go baby Oh camera shy oh you got
this people
okay so we've spent the morning we had
lunch we've sat around the pool this is
the pool area here it's stunning and
then we have just had a talk with some
of the marketing team for Ultimate Ears
about what we're doing for the duration
of the trip we're now going to grab our
stuff we've got 10 minutes to go get
changed and then we are heading to a spa
let's have some spa treatments and then
we are coming back to the villa for a
barbecue with the whole group tonight
here's two of the girls say hey so yeah
I'm gonna go in quickly get ready now
I've got five minutes and then we are
off to the start
to drive out the hotel we come to a star
called Caspian de tell you now has never
seen you like it in my life
I will show you a little bit of it now
there's walking down these stairs when I
show you the actual view but we're
looking out up so these are the views
as you can say
absolutely amazing Bert I'm going to
show you now what we're actually looking
out of this view from so you've got
- Larry ahead everyone's in
then
do you like an elegant ways life like
the Queen a coalition of decisions my
vision
precision has never been this hard
without the sweet
good morning guys so we've just woke up
to our second day here in Ibiza
yesterday was just one of those days
that kind of topped any fun day I've had
in my life really
we literally arrived champagne wine
popping meeting all different bloggers
and vloggers and singers and models from
all over kind of Europe which was really
nice to get to know different people in
their stories I got to enjoy some time
around Paul obviously this Villa is it
insane as well like I've never been to
something like it in my life yes I do
you want to move in and not go home
don't think it's going to happen and
then even the spa that we went to as
well obviously I've captured some of the
footage it was just a really really fun
down this morning which it's we had to
be up at 8:00 I'm going to grab
breakfast in a minute and then we are
going to do paddleboard yoga which not
quite sure exactly what it is but it's
down on a beach a private beach which
should be fun and yeah this is my room
me and Ali's staying in here all the
rooms have been called different names
this one is called the Cherry Bomb which
gave us a bit of a laugh Ali had a
nightmare yesterday his laptop decided
to completely pack him not work which is
not good for a blogger never mind anyone
that was a bit of annoying thing on the
first day but I was the hero I've gave
him my laptop to use in place of me -
that's what friends are for but yeah
this is our view that we wake up to in
the morning really nice that we get to
see like kind of Sun come up there if
we're awake by then and yeah so I'm
really gonna get ready now grab some
breakfast and then we are heading down
to the beach for you
okay so we've come down to this kind of
paradise it's not Beach really is it's
like a rock beach we had to like it's
not even AB style what's it called we
had to climb down the rocks that's the
best way of saying that some of the guys
are out currently doing yoga
well paddle yoga in the middle of the
sea no not in the middle to see that be
very weird if they went that far just
just in the sea
and we're just sunbathing and then we're
gonna get our go and go out next but
apparently what language is Pratt here
where Fred is the girl apparently in
French a handstand which they're doing
on the boards right now is called a pram
yeah wait Pratt yeah so I was going all
the during handstands they were like
what is that I know they don't Frankie
but yeah we're gonna be doing this and
then we are going back to the villa for
a couple of hours to just chill probably
have a couple of drinks and then we are
heading to a posh wire for VIP and David
where tonight I'm not we cannot wait to
boogie the night away yeah I'll see you
in a little while
okay so we've just been chilling around
the pool for the past couple of hours
hello a glass of wine got changed all in
blue blue shoes blue shorts and a blue
shirt and we're just about to head torch
why up now for David Greta I'm not going
to take my camera with me because I know
what I'm like I'm off hundred percent
would lose their however I'm going to
take my iphone so we are in a really
cool area so there's any footage that I
want to catch I will be catch in there
if not I was
