desire
Oh
you could shake
our daddy
make me the man I am today
you know yeah Prince of Eternia Adam I'm
you insane town efficient shit enough
I hate anybody together too slowly like
it off a story like that
and
oh hello chip sweep of you every left
wrist can fry
so I think Grayson's got that from you
know he loves being scratched from the
back yeah in when I put into that
tonight he rolled over point up his
shirt grabbed my hand and put it on his
back through action lesson favorite
thing yes I think it's a fiction I think
I've got problem yeah there's a Danish
word for it I can't me because she's
bloody Higgy singer hi Giggy was it
called either who got sit down have a
black fur blanket on you in chat see
mates let me break that book cleaned up
let's give everyone a house tour we
finished unpacking because I already
want to show you that such a mess now I
felt like we're making some sort of
headway yesterday but then with you like
picking up the rest of our stuff today
which is just as much as the first load
you're on site those two small boxes
everywhere cellophane and bubble wrap
and Mike things aren't even in the right
rooms and it was just like this big
manic yeah I mean it's gonna be over in
a couple of days and we'll be hassled I
feel much better about it now that we've
got stuff in notes like the first few
nights I felt a bit like a bit scared to
go down the road and get a glass of
water at night and stuff because it's
just a not unfamiliar place when you put
your own furniture and plant and
pictures and stuff in it it suddenly
just feels like home again then I tell
you that like when we were moving all of
our stuff today there's some
opportunists skulking around trying to
steal some of the stuff is like whenever
the guys were upstairs like in my
country at me yeah in London whatever
the guys are upstairs with me I was like
guys you can't leave our stuff outside
for one second something will stay there
yeah and they was like that outside
asylum like Lux I had to keep reading
down and making sure they cave it
he's made a little friends
are you making
and you so happy here is really nice
smell that goes breathe in so please
normal homeless normal pressure I'm
really happy you very tired I'm growing
a human and unpacking I think um I
ultimately I'm looking forward to get
across the hard way tomorrow getting our
pump on get that dad what sort out how
did dad love the new trend look it's a
thing yeah they said I definitely need
like the new thing likes what place
basically the new sexy no really no I
recently about it recently I better
written by a guy with a guy pod when he
first meets said the king he's quite
like and straight away he's quite like
let's go and there's a monster in here
and the other kids are always a bit like
what the hell is this kid and then it
takes them a couple minutes and then
their base like running entrepreneur
monster no they're the best buddies
aren't letting room execute teachers
icky showing off as a man when you only
get chewed you
is
and
Grayson is just watching a little bit of
TV set downstairs making us some lunch
let me show you how big my bump has got
because it is absolutely huge
check that out it's properly popped now
I look like I'm pregnant in my bum as
well
Oh Lord
the whole reason why we're here right
now the whole reason why I was sitting
down in this housing bar is thanks to
our partner this week I'll start on the
top basically a while ago these guys
came along and said Mitch lacks if
you've got any ideas we'd like to work
with you and we came back with the idea
that we would move to bath and that
would be the idea for to work with his
partner and they liked the idea and they
said let's go so that's why we're in
bath that the partner we talked about is
is compared to market calm they
specialize in finding really good deals
on things like insurance health
insurance pet insurance travel insurance
broadband deals everything you need to
fill out when you leave house yeah so
it's not specifically just for people
mean we have you need to meet whenever
but for us it's like we were changing
everything all that wants I don't know
when we would have done it if it wasn't
for those guys from them because they
gave us everything new to do there's no
thank you from the bottom of our heart
it means a lot and yeah you should go to
bed what are we ever not thinking let's
go for an early night crusher in the
morning
don't be too excited about us
a few weeks ago I got a letter from the
police saying they had impounded my best
but and then they send me the photos let
me show you the photos if you don't like
looking at heartbreaking things I would
look away now they've kind of ruined it
they've ripped off in on the play they
pulled out the electronics yeah it's so
painful for me to look at these photos
because a Vesper is an extension of
yourself sounds really weird thing to
say but it feels like a part of you your
U of S but you're so United with this
thing when you're riding it and you just
like buddies you don't really close
friends and and then to get these photos
and it just being beaten up it's like
art hurts that really hurts
so I told the insurance company to scrap
it
so yeah it's gone it's gone forever
let's not bring the tone down of the
video just keep it on a high let's pull
this back with some with a picnic we'll
have a picnic in the garden so I had a
falafel company I called it just for
laughs
Oh
Oh
oh that was really naughty
you never ever kicked me in the head
like that ever
oh because he's racist
hey guys I'm going to give you a health
tour hallway look tiny plastic Star Wars
man there's the dining room
it's very actually because we haven't
really counted it up they're very like
empty right now
this is the kitchen and a Bigfoot you
have to excuse the mess by the way
because we're still unpacking it's taken
us like a week to unpack everything I'll
show you those the creepy basement just
has a death that's just literally going
to take forever to organize probably
never get touched ah there's a lot of
Star Wars man Reddy's come up coming up
hover don't fill my shower you're gonna
do it with me buddy bathroom it feels
really weird it's like an in everyone's
kind of moving with us because you will
have to get used to it - this is staff
office
it's bit of a space upgrade on the last
one this is the noun this room is
probably the only room that actually
feels like home they star because this
is the room with all of our furniture in
it and then we have this side of the
room as well which we need to get a
customers like sofas or something but I
think the just looks really cool there
anyway and then we're going up another
flight of stairs guys I'm not going to
like the stairs are a bit of a killer
especially when six months pregnant this
is probably the most exciting bit of the
house for me since the baby's room
obviously we haven't done this yet
because we have to do the rest of the
house and this is probably going to be
the last room but we've got the cot
ready for Steph's bill and that's not it
we need furniture our room is through
here don't mind all the crap in the
hallway this is our bedroom
Steph's mountain of clothes put away
over there and then Gracie's your image
just through here so all our rings are
like right together which is handy I
feel like again I feel like this room
needs a bit more filling out with
something but I'm not quite sure what
yet more pictures and walls or something
and then
and then take you up to my lady office
this is my little lady office but the
girl is room in the whole house but yeah
this is just going to be my little space
for editing and writing and like sorting
out most London stuff and look at my
view it's a pretty nice view for an
office isn't it
and then just through here we have a
spare bedroom which we thought would be
really handy for when our families come
to say over and when we have friends
coming over - none of our friends live
in bath I think we've got like a handful
of people that we know here but most of
our friends are in London and not just
dust around so we thought it would be
really handy to have a spare room some
people can actually stay when they come
it's a bit of a mission so we need to
like get some furniture for this room as
well and all the guests are going to eat
as confers the top of the pan but yes
that's it pretty much isn't it anyways I
hope you've enjoyed the quick tour
sponsor my exercise of the day
you
to show you my favorite thing about us I
have to climb through this tiny little
window though it's worth it let me show
you there is no grace to this whatsoever
let's probably a technique book I don't
take me to yeah don't you come
this is my favorite thing about
Gracie and I are off to play in the park
this morning okay you ready gotta get
that tongue yolk in a few weeks from now
I'm going to launch on a feed I will
need your health because we are
competing with some Giants in this
market right now and this is just me my
mate rich I'm scared about it but I'm
also very confident with with our
community that we can make it work I
need to be so confident that this is
going to work in this will work and I
think with any idea that you have in
life the 99% of it is the person behind
that idea that's driving our idea that's
what makes it work more than the idea
alone you should be launching the next
few weeks okay I'll let you know closer
to the days when it's actually going to
go up but yeah exciting times just
casually and some cheese on the right
spring what life is all about when
you're three why would you
laughing in that 50 is going to be a
kink and apple crumble hopefully it's
going to be edible you can never quite
tell with my baking especially when
grace is involved grace is in a really
bad conky mood the baking not going well
well actually I'm just getting on with
it and eat
please
yeah okay when we're moving Willis on
this little like gardening herb kicked
the kids it's fun it was a personal
wardrobe it's like the perfect activity
for doses and then it's got little herb
feeds and a mini watering calendar mini
trowel make that we do it now yes
see we have time parsley and sweet basil
which one to replant today should plant
those seeds and take that long should we
go and get some soil for the month
welcome our guest on let's get some soil
with your leg a fade and this pot let's
go get some soil I just walked past
myself in the mirror and I come across
this place bumper all right let's go get
you some more to start and then I see if
we water our seeds every single day do
you know what might grow out of them
honey flowers or hub and then we put the
harder than I did yeah let's go find
some swirls hmm
well done right that's enough things on
trees hold up
so we've done this one and half of this
one and now Grayson's having a tantrum
he's having a bit of a Salk's now so I
think we're going to give that a rest of
today and maybe finish this tomorrow add
three year old hey ba ba today on the
menu Gracie we have naughty polonaise
it's a reinvention cutting my name fine
yes she basically in goodbye okay
not my dear yes just for my own roll
broken dreams about being in this
together than that I honestly think
there's not a scenario there is no
apologies ago I guess you mind you -
what would you look for strawberries are
now challenging you guys welcome to my
new little lady pass up here if thanks
kepada market that I have my little lady
cave and that we've been able to move so
quickly we need things like health
insurance pet insurance energy and we
don't really have the time at the moment
to go around looking for good deals so
they're going to do all the hard work
for us so I'm going to be using now to
get us all set up and I think that's
going to be using them again and a few
months time because I think he was to
get another vestra saved anythin for the
insurance for that and then maybe
hopefully fingers crossed in a couple of
years or so we are going to be looking
at doing a mortgage that we can use them
for that as well
anyways please go check them out if you
want to see if you can go save yourself
some money
make fortune guys our journey so much
you can tell market working with us this
week we've just loved the fact that
we've had a thing I would shove the move
here yeah all the links to go website it
down below yeah so massive thank you to
them and massive thank you to everyone
for watching we'll try to get out yeah
get out about next week get some steel
keys we'll see you all next Sunday you
think about Grayson you say goodbye I
hate that no one is so that's like a
pterodactyl noises
