I've actually partnered up with Bourjois
on this video to talk about lipsticks a
wearing lipstick these are some
seriously long lasting lipsticks they
are bold they are matte but they look
and feel very comfortable on the lips as
well so I'm going to introduce you to
all of the shades there are 12 shades
and total they range from like red to
nude plums pinks corals everything is in
there let's do a quick little zoom in so
these are the Bourjois Rouge velvet the
lipsticks this is the whole line up
there are twelve shades in total and
obviously you've got your kind of
everyday nudes here these are the ones
I'm going to gravitate towards more kind
of daily and then your more sort of
ready perfectly pinks at the end much
more of an evening lit for me I want to
show you what they look like inside as
well because they've got a very high
precision little it's like expert
application you don't need a lip line or
anything with these look at that it's
kind of like a overly egg shape so
really hugs the lit that really works
well with the deeper shade I just think
there's a great range of colors here
there's something for everyone and it's
so nice that they're like bold and
Mountain lips but they're not too drying
and I just think they wear really well
as well like super long lasting up to 24
hours that's what you can get out of
these so I don't know what color to go
for it and whether to go for more of
like a nude this is zero to sort of more
of a moves there e3 or to go all out
with the red 4:07
Sunday that goes on so easy I really
love that color I think it's a very good
everyday color for me and it goes on
very smooth very easy to apply I love
how it kind of dries down on
it's looking even more map now and I
love the color even more so our plans
lipstick updating it because I ain't
burger and chips then I think it's doing
quite well I like it it's nice and easy
so kinda em pasty it's like almost three
that and then these are the the top shop
motto row hem straight leg jeans that my
new favorite like style of jeans a lot
of they're straight leg I like that
they've got like a ripped hem at the
bottom they're nice and high-waisted I
get them in a 28 32 and they're like
kind of the perfect fits me they're not
too tight but not too baggy
vlog I love that bit and bye hope you've
enjoyed this vlog quick lipstick update
before I sign off for the day and take
my face off I'd say it's still looking
pretty good what you think what's that
mullet Oh looking good I think it's worn
off slightly but it's worn off very
evenly and I love the color and I have
like to say about these lipsticks
actually I'm really gutted I didn't wear
a bold lip today because I think that
really would have shown how long-lasting
they are and also I think the fact that
they go on so sorry but you don't listen
honestly really this would be really
boring for you okay I think the formula
works really well especially for the
more bold shades because you know you've
got a matte lipstick and you're putting
it on and it kind of tugs at lips
because it the formula is so dry and
chalky and you want that matte finish
but actually applying it as a real pain
and sometimes you might have to use a
liner or lip brush to kind of smooth it
on and get it that little like slippy
texture almost this has that texture
naturally on application and then drive
down matte so honestly is going to be so
good for the deeper shade and awesome
over autumn and winter and I'm sure
you're gonna see me using them again in
a video so thank you so much to voice
your for sponsoring this video it's
always so nice apartment Brown
I love and use I've always thought that
their lipsticks and their foundations
have been completely spot-on but I will
