I'm working with grapes Western Railways
which is a train service here in the UK
the south west of the UK and we are kind
of teaming up to celebrate World Book
Day I'm editing this another day and
realized that I said National Book Day
well done Hayley I think one of the best
things about living in the UK and one of
my favorite things about the UK is the
accessibility offered by train when I
usually a few weeks in advance I think
at Great Western Railways you can look
up to 12 weeks in advance and it's
really cheap and then you can just go
see a new city and come home at the end
of the day and sleep in your own bed its
opponent it's a form of travel it's
basically only second best to apparition
in my opinion
this video actually probably thank you
to Great Western Railways for partnering
with me on this video hope you guys
enjoyed it and I hope you'll all go find
some magical tickets to get you at the
city for a day because I had a really
lovely day you all right let me know in
want to check it out if you want any
more information about the hashtag
immerse yourself feel going on right now
through a Rasta mail check it out down
below use Great Western Railway trains
because they're awesome and they give
really good discount cause you guys have
