was buying it but it is the dr. jar
Sarah midden so I'm meeting Caroline
lobster Lily really loves it she kept
going on about
so I thought it'd be nice to have
another option especially this one's
good for travel I really like the glossy
a priming moisturizer rich and I say
this is quite similar but just easier to
travel with because in tube and it's
lighter and smaller start it's very good
and then also this oh my god it's
another doctor gel this is the premium
BB multi-action skin care and makeup
SPF well it's 45 what around that and I
think this was only about 30 pounds and
I didn't realize just how tinted it
would be like it properly
it's like foundation basically I used to
use the water fuse back in the day like
the greeny one and that was always
really good this is supposedly like the
premium one with like more skin care
benefits and I don't know it's got more
coverage but it definitely feels like
it's got more coverage in it but it's
really really nice just super impressed
with this because I always sit and do my
and glowy it's got a bit of warmth in it
which I appreciate because I have not
been fake tanning this summer at all so
I kind of appreciate that little bit of
glow it's got in it and I just feel like
put some mascara on purple lip balm on
basically you're done I'm gonna leave my
take over Kate Nash foundations it's
basically on my teenage like angsty
relationships just in one song it's so
good it really takes me back and I just
love it and sing it really loudly and
it's got Klaxons on it electric fill
