checking out of the room me and Anna
it's such a convenient location for
the best real capital part it's very
really smooth that's exactly why I like
epilating anyway you won't have a new
epilator out and they sentence me and
I'm going to unbox it to you quickly in
the slog so it's a broad silk apple 9
and it's a skin spa version so this and
what's going on in this escalator said
it's a foreign one but basically it
comes that all these removable heads do
so many different things so I'm going to
unbox it and show you guys so it comes
with the charging point I always get
like a plug adapter if you don't have a
shader plug in your bathroom you can
just get the adapters on Amazon and plug
into a normal plug this little brush
cleans it I always lose mine so I'm
happy to have another one so this is the
epilator
it's really like lightweight ready for
sound I swear it sounds scarier than it
feels so it comes with the standard like
epilating head I really like this
because it's quite wide also it like
moves around which is good around your
knee joint comes with two exfoliating
brushes one like a bit more firm than
the other I really like to use these in
the shower before I'm going to fake tan
just realize that you might get sued on
my dress
I always use these on my legs around
like my knees and my ankles just really
exfoliate skin and get smooth before
tanning it's really good because you get
this little like head and you just clip
on that clip it on the escalator and you
can use it wet or dry so you can use it
in the shower I like to use it kind of
on damp skin but not in the shower like
what I've just got out the shower and
then they've also got this new one which
I haven't tried yet and it's like a
rubbery head and this is a deep massage
head so it like will stimulate blood
circulation and your leg I'm really
looking forward to trying this one
actually so that's got everything you
get all these like bits and bobs and
like just
heads themselves for those are the three
main that pay so I'm going to talk you
through today I don't know if you guys
are going to want to actually see me
epilate but I'm going to do my legs and
arms tonight because it's actually
really sunny tomorrow and I want to wear
a summer dress so it's so easy that I
can just do it now in like 10 minutes
before I cook dinner maybe I ought to
show you a bit of me doing my arms just
so you can see that it really doesn't
hurt okay I'm up here I'm going to
quickly do some of my arms and then I'm
going to do it properly tonight when I'm
in the shower
it's so quick okay none of that I'm
always trying to convert my friend to
escalate him I'm so glad that my friend
Keisha got me onto it that video is so
old but it's quite funny so I'll link it
