I've got this lovely crawler as either
close beside that order shut it GT flop
crawler hair it's like diamante gold
beautiful and it's cuffs which is a shoe
horse a horse shoe shoe balls I'll show
you with a little star hanging of it and
then I've got an odd hexagon just here I
gave them a souvenir so then got a
little
Jack's necklace on which is absolutely
gorgeous and starts with an actress
peeking through different lattice lace
up detail in hair and then rings stacked
stars they're two little Halfmoon eggs
then we got a little crescent moon here
and a little little hungry eye which is
very very cute and then I've got another
strawberry slit on Heather all the
Masters in here they would do the most
beautiful like delicate jewelry which is
great like stacking a layer in and just
adding a little bit of a delicate touch
to more of my statement outfit I haven't
shown my shoes but these boots when you
me for all the divine jewelry all links
to everything I've worn in this video
will be down below including the jewelry
