amazing trip I'm gonna end it pretty
much now because I am pretty knackered
I've been in like four countries in
three days or something crazy like that
but anyway I had the most amazing time
working with Contiki and also being able
to bring along my best mate with me on
my travels and sort of share those
experiences and the cool crazy stuff I
get to do with you know my best mate but
anyway the full clips of all the
experiences I got up to with contiki are
over on their website or YouTube channel
not too sure I'll leave a link in
description below so make sure you head
on down there check it out and you can
do with a chance of winning a cool trip
for yourself and I always tell you guys
if there's one thing that you can do
your life I know I make you happier push
out your comfort zone make you try new
things you never put your train alive
and in a way like shape use a better
person traveling is the thing to do that
honestly I am hundreds in certain it it
changes you for the better it makes you
I don't know it changed your life it
honestly changes your life
so yeah click on the link to Kentucky in
the description and you can win yourself
a trip full of no regrets anyway I'm
