so we're doing actually really nice
eating Nando's outside but I've got a
mango and no lemon herb today wrapped
chicken wrap coastal and chips are
really good yeah remember can't until
sent yesterday so cap Kitson have
recently started collaborating with
Disney two of my favourite brands and I
was so excited when they released the
Mickey and Minnie collection it was
little girl and I really like what
they've done to me the collection just
feels a bit more girly it's got more of
their like cap kits and classic rose
petals all over it which you'll see in a
sec and I just fell in love with it and
then I got an email from the lovely
people at cap kits and who I've known
for ages because I met them way back in
2015 when they redesigned some of the
beach shops and in Bournemouth so I met
am here to show you what I got so it is
absolutely stunning and this is actually
the first time I'm going through it I've
had a little like sneaky peek because I
was too excited but I just wanted to
give you my first impression so the
first thing on the top is the phone case
it's a rubber phone case black it says
Disney X cap Kitson and it's got one of
the puppies peeking over the top which I
absolutely love now I love you note I
have an eye ring on my phone which I
really likes I think I'm just going to
put this on for a bit of fun and they
meeting and I really do need just a
little something to carry some pens and
a pencil and stuff in so this is
gorgeous because it matches and it
actually says cap kits and on the label
really really really cute perfect in the
same print there's a little like wash
bag makeup bag whatever you want to use
it for I actually
it's such a nice quality I absolutely
love it their collection is so gorgeous
in the best to last this one is by far
my favorite of all of it I think maybe
the same case as well or two no but this
is from the like townhouse range I think
so you like the rose print which is what
majority value is and then you've got
this really gorgeous like townhouse
puppy range this is an overnight bag but
I've noticed it's got little poppers on
so I think this goes inside the bag but
you basically the bag comes like this
which is just so good for traveling and
I'm going to take this with my hand
luggage bag when I go away next week so
I don't have to describe it but the
inside is become wash it easily and it's
pretty big this is going to be so
perfect for traveling and I'm presuming
the pressure inside yes it does I am
smitten and actually submission another
I love it so much
all right so gorgeous just a disclaimer
this isn't sponsored I was just very
kindly sent me things I didn't have to
talk about them cap cuts and just very
generous because they know my love for
Disney thank you very very very much
cap Kitson for being super generous and
I love everything very much it's all
going to get lots of good use and good
complete 100% vegan youth enhancing
fresh skin care regime how exciting
Wow I love the body shop a lot and now
