you guys on is we actually filmed a
video on Maybelline's channel a few
months ago I'll leave it down below
because it's just gone live and we were
really happy with the makeup that we
created on their channel so if you guys
are looking for makeup inspiration or
new makeup lips to trial I created like
a a pinky purple eye and like I seem to
live it was so nice reminding me of
something I wore to my prom and you did
one with red lip didn't you Lucy gave
two lip options so I'll do is I'll leave
the video down below because it's
actually or maybe Channel and we were
super happy with how that video turned
out so um yeah we'll leave it down below
you can watch it and I'm actually
wearing a Maybelline lipstick I work why
not drugstore makeup today I'm wearing
got these plate basically has the beauty
the Beast quote but you to relax that
has pull up a chair as the dining room
proudly presents your dinner I don't
know it's really nice I got four of
these I lose my I get older planes and
