friends Sophie and Matt we are staying
at Villa Nadia which is here beautiful
Villa is very kind of typical Sicilian
inside now and we have some lovely
little villa and a beautiful pool you
is good so we are now in the like main
area it's kind of a very very open plan
that Villa so this is like the now and
cherry
got some nice little painting from the
walls we've got a big TV like lounge
area over here a very pretty fireplace
behind me some little candles I think
they're I wish a limoncello but it's not
limoncello is it citronella consider
nella candles and a dining table and
then through here is the kitchen where
and you can get a better view of the
villa here looks really beautiful up on
the hill and the view really is great
beautiful view and that is C we also
pretty look we both happy special
flavored ice cream treats what have you
got
Magnum pistache oh and I've got Magnum
