I've also planted up in this video with
weather shockwaves they have two new
products that they've just launched and
they are star Refresh sprays one's a
revival one's a volume and I've been
using them a lot recently and I'm really
impressed with them some of you might
have seen previously I've done a hair
tutorial video using well a shock wave
products so if you do want to see a hair
tutorial video I will leave a link in
the description box for that down below
first product that I use this morning
was this well a shock wave volume style
and refresh spray and to be honest with
you I kind of felt like that was enough
I didn't really need to go over my hair
again with a hair spray it did just give
it a little extra hold using the hair
spray
but the sort of texture that this gave
me almost made me feel like I didn't
really need to apply so I could
definitely have got away of just using
that this morning the spray it contains
tapioca to help cleanse the hair and it
also has silica in it which is really
going to volumize your hair so when
you're looking for like a lift to start
the day off and more volume within your
hair it's a great product that I've
found to use before using any other
products because it really helps just
lift and keep a fuller lighter look
that's the hair done ready to go out
there's zero control so this is where
I'm going to be using the brute local
spray it's going to get really nice
matte texture and it's going to get me
control to my hair again it's just gonna
coast me through nicely so let's give it
a go I can already feel it working into
my hair every sets in I start to feel
the protective building I'm starting to
get more control where I shape it and
styling so it's as simple as that a hair
from texturized that you cleanse this
really is a very convenient bottle with
small pocket size and take it anywhere
with you and if you ever need a freshen
up then this is one of those hair
products it's gonna get you out of the
mud so very convenient but I'm ready to
you've enjoyed it and I'd say that the
weather shock waves dry schampoo
texturizing sprays have both done a
fantastic job my hair is still in good
form in my opinion
I've really enjoyed using the products
today and I will continue to use them if
you would like to know any further
information about the weather shortwaves
products of course I'll be leaving them
in the description box below as always
so make sure you go and check those out
