lipstick so I've got 12 shades here of
beat one it's all the shades of the
Bourjois Rouge velvet the lipsticks
I've got 12 of these lipsticks so
there's like corals pinks reds or like
this gorgeous kind of deep ready Brown
that's like really fun so I've got
bright red trousers like trying to feel
like I should go for a red um they're
like super-bright long-lasting though
they're like not bright that's from the
wrong word they're bold colors but
they're supposed to last it's 24 out
song gonna do a little like test today
see if they do I think I may go for this
one
this is Ruby's cute I mean I think that
matches my chokers
oh I don't know which one I think I like
this one but it really is cute
yeah there's like 12 of them all
different ones but I love them this kind
of pinky color I'm all about pinks that
are like almost nudes but Pink's so yeah
these are supposed to be like super
super cultural on the lip almost like
kind of a second skin if that makes
sense instead of being like a lipstick
that's like drying but it's still matte
love the pink but I can't really wear
pink from wearing red trousers Oh No
well go for a red red spun so this is
Ruby's cute number eight I percent
they're twelve now they've got this
awesome shape bullet which is gonna make
application so easy well I mean I'm
assuming I use a lot of lipstick so from
seeing this I think this is gonna be a
winner it just if you look it looks like
it they like to sit on the lip so let's
apply this red and see how it goes it's
so smooth I love the fact it like sits
on the lip I don't know like that makes
sense it like just sit it's always like
I just have to swipe Wow
and the small side just fits and I keep
it's like now he's acting mad I'm almost
like why do brands bother doing like the
pointed bullet because this is so easy
see how this lasts I mean is applied
really nicely feels really smooth like
but not like not like it's gonna move
like feels like it's gonna stay but it
doesn't feel dry yet I mean it could
could go dry I don't know we'll see but
I'm liking how it looks right now so I
unload it come back get another load lip
update it feels like it's set I feel
like house like kiss something there's
like nothing there so yeah but it's not
drying like I don't feel like I'm like
like sometimes Jim matte lipsticks but
it just feels like it's set it's really
it's really odd sensation that normally
one her we're like liquid lipsticks or
matte lipsticks I'm I feel like I can't
smile and I'm like and I'm not I feel
like I've got like resting face but so
that's great and I'm gonna eat so we'll
do the taste test see if it can handle
the food but I don't actually know what
really good the lipstick has performed
extremely well and it got a hundred
percent
