moment this is my first time here and
I've just been blown away with how
beautiful it is we're literally in the
middle of nowhere this is it's basically
just lavender field it's just gorgeous
and I'm here because looks at time have
brought me here and yeah it's so kind of
them such a beautiful trip so nice to
come somewhere I've never been before I
and I just wanted to show you my room
quickly so this is my gorgeous little
balcony that I have and then the view is
which I'm gutted about that no it's
gorgeous and all of this there were a
this is the product that I love Ted the
Lumia and they actually gave me another
one out here but I'd really packed one
with me and this one has many with it so
pretty
on Friday but that would be lovely
that'd be really fun and I'm looking
forward to unburden but I do know that
I'm here kind of wish that I could stay
a bit longer because it's just so so
lovely actually while I remember I'm
we've got so many homemade product honey
from performed all of these incredible
jams apricot raspberries big mmm we've
got some homemade almond butter here
from from the omentum is to be a really
really delicious because I'm definitely
going to try some of it I can
Nilda so this is what it's going for
this is homemade almond milk and I love
how thick it is you can just tell how
fresh and natural that is some homemade
almond butter cherries figs because I'm
obsessed with them and then some bread
like a proper French chateau gorgeous
know how you can join a serious nice to
me so I've come into the kitchen and
this is absolutely my dream kitchen I
just I can't believe it's so traditional
all these gorgeous plates and even this
I've gone for a Swedish deep tissue
massage which feel like I really really
need especially my back so I'm so
excited so what is amazing what out
