anyway but that's because me and rich
have a new mattress arriving this
morning and I'm really excited actually
ago two orbits ago and Simba mattress go
and touch and offered to send us a new
mattress and just want to this video so
I gave them a little look up online
because I hadn't heard of them before
and they have really really good reviews
online so I was well up for that and the
mattress is arriving this morning so we
are going to get rid of this old one
well it's not loud but we're going to
try out this new one which is a
completely different type of mattress
the one we already have so I'm excited
to give it a go
something I was really interested to try
out is the memory foam aspect of the new
mattress this old on we have is just
proud so I'm hoping that the new kind of
memory foam mattress will be a lot more
comfy it's arrived look genius didn't
even realize it was going to come in a
box this was so easy to get up to our
flap because our old mattress we had to
pretty sure this one you get a hundred
night free trial so if you don't like it
you could send it back and that's like a
good enough time to test it as well I
