I was trying them on last night and the
blue one I love but it's just not I mean
I know this one's not particularly fancy
it's still quite casual but like I don't
feel that comfortable in it the other
one from Topshop I love really wanted to
wear but why not and funding issues that
really went well with it but the main
thing is that I would have to like
really pin myself into it and that would
more hassle so I feel really comfortable
in this dress I do like this dress is
the dress I wore it in the last vlog
actually so it kind of feels like I've
worn it pretty much for the last like
four days um but I do love it I just
think it really suits me and it
comfortable and it's by the same Ralph
Lauren brand that the blue dress is from
and guys look look it has pockets and I
really like the dress like this leaves
us slightly flared and it's just lovely
color like babydoll spot smokes all
dress and I feel like this does go with
my boots so I'm wearing this today I've
