soon so I've got really nice summer
colors that I want to show you this box
has just arrived this is from sunny
hansen sec and it's a new range which is
called color therapy it's really really
up for my street because i'm quite low
maintenance with my nails and i like
this being really good condition so what
they've done with this range is they've
blended the color with argan oil and
also a couple of other oils as well it's
some sort of a complex of oils to really
help to strengthen and repair your nails
if they're you know flimsy
flaky fragile which mine are at the
really like about it is that you don't
need a base coat so it's got all the
care that you need in the actual formula
so no base plate straight in with color
and it caring for your nails while you
color them basically and there's also a
topcoat in the range as well
all and there's nail and cuticle oil so
all of this very good for me for sort of
getting back with it with my nails
because I didn't really paint them that
much when I was pregnant and I'm looking
forward to using some really nice color
fades in the summer now there are 38
shades all together and they've been
created in partnership with Madeline
poule who's their global color
ambassador I know there's a massive
thing to pink at the moment so I've
pulled up some Pink's here so what's
this one called
oh my magenta that one really into these
sort of quite bubblegummy Pink's at the
moment I put loads more information in
the description box below that these are
all available only at Boots and that is
from the 12th of April so now basically
