I'm going to put some on it's good
tastes and smells nice so you guys can
see the exact color I really like that
oh that's really really nice oh yeah
thing L'Oreal is the most underrated
beauty brand ever seriously like I know
there I'm also just going to all the
shades of these in matte lipstick
rom√°rio they are just absolutely divine
literally this is a chemical agent not
really a fan of color gold see but it's
cool like I suppose I don't like how I
like to shake the dirt a natural summer
and very cool packaging R&B shades
gorgeous and what is there
okay I like cats kind of cute very like
California with it print I also got this
made to have a beginning delete super
super super cute very very very future
night was so much fun with L'Oreal
professional absolutely love that brand
