girls now I need to show you this my
hotel
say look haha so so beautiful I cannot
get over it
it's literally heavenly so just in the
I think I'm going to go for a red lip
tonight the one in question is a
Charlotte hello everyone it is tell
Laura and he's like the most perfect
orange red that much is my nails
perfectly got these tons last week my
local fellow beauty and bubbles in
Manchester if you're wondering and it's
a shellac CND mumbo beat that's the
colour so if you like it put ashes on
well anyway
I've got on a regular t-shirt I wanted
to wear a next t-shirt show you t-shirt
now it was a gray t-shirt and
it looks like a beautiful day yeah it's
lovely great t-shirt and my grandma was
like a black eyelash lace trim along the
collar and the sleeves really gorgeous
only 12 pounds amazing
