wearing this jacket which I love I
bought it from misguided it's all fleecy
and it's pretty cozy it's the perfect
thing to wear and also its customers
Oh would be perfect I mean those
eyeshadows are incredible so I'm really
excited to try these thank you so much
drug firm and I love these lipsticks so
good color sensational oh my gosh look
this is the Sun shimmer self tan lotion
so it got some fake tan if you want to
see any tutorials like drugstore
drugstore products now and then we've
got some face product what's this sculpt
bronze that's really some kiss
highlighter I'm not forgetting our
favorite waiting up concealer so loads
of the new Rimmel stay matte liquid lip
have kindly pins then some of the new
nina ricci fragrances as you guys know
we love these fragrances and I'm gonna
smell these thank you for a wonderful
limited edition I for the biggest bite
from beauty pie and a lovely supply
products they do like amazing
highlighters and buy shadow models so I
love those oh my gosh I'm actually
losing my voice it's a little coverage
formula or new concealers lovely given
also comes with an eye mask
exclusive to John Lewis I think it
called the back to cool palette
eyeshadow palette scar I which is the
smokey mascara and then you get the
bronzing jus oh oh my gosh I have an T
we also got some products from Stila and
I love see the products easier and I
have got one of the it's one I'm
thinking about one of these the glitter
eyeshadow cream eyeshadows and we have
it in like the rose gold change it's
amazing I think it might have some more
me Lydia love a glittery eyeshadow so
these over the topic that I shall it
looks so good I can't wait to drive
these and then we also got sent loads
and loads of final lashes and also these
ones these are the texture one one seven
lashes and they also come with a corner
ones and you can actually use these
lashes more than once because they are
such good quality so
definitely smashes and they are also in
the drugstore so good you guys who do
I can't wait comedy Harley best hot
chocolates in the whole world
products from Rimmel down here so this
is their new eyeshadows and then the
mascara the wonderfully real and then I
don't know whether you guys saw but
Lydia on her Instagram we did some work
with remor where we did a video for
their stay matte lipsticks and we love
doing that video it's a really fun this
I'm wearing tonight I'm wearing this
little coordinate piece from River
Island which I have instagrams or leave
it down below if I can I think it's
