i don't normally do much don't really do
things like this unless unless i know
that you are going to enjoy it and i
genuinely really like the product and
you probably already know the company
audible if you don't you should do
because they're cool and zoey and i use
their I wouldn't say every night I'd say
good life percentage of nicer and
especially Zoe while she's falling
asleep we always listened
two different books or audible if you
don't already know what it is is I
I said yes audible what it is so
basically ball is like audio books so
instead of reading a book it's like
spoken out loud so you can listen to it
wash you're falling asleep on the train
and you don't have to be awake enough to
read the book so sometimes oh and I
listened to them whilst we're just
falling asleep but they go in touch the
other day and they just wanted to get
some of you guys started with like free
book to start you off which is cool so
I'll leave a link on the screen
somewhere where you can just check out
the website go get a free book if you
want and start 30-day free trial but I
