pan is outfit of the day you will not
believe how beautiful the skies and the
Royal man sword probably most beautiful
I've ever been into look how gorgeous
it's been you walk in and this is what
you see it is beyond beautiful
that's the sky it is just so so so
gorgeous anyway I've been taking some
pictures yeah not having a spa treatment
because it's just so beautiful inside
you really really relaxing is what I
go and get ready for dinner we're going
to a place that was highly recommended
for from Instagram
of your day by the way how amazing is
this bag while it waits for the girls
you'd probably see me talk about it a
hundred times but I love it so much it's
so pretty so going to show you while I
wait I can show you a little reception
rooms this is it super beautiful this is
our reception room in our riad which is
gorgeous who they are the visions
hello visions oh my god this is such a
cute outfit wait that's mine you look
very sexual to Isabella right let's roll
my dress company food has arrived and
everything Luiza beyond insane oh my
gosh it's delish
dress so we kind of use one-shoulder my
bag but it's bag of the song and the
song has been begun I love it so great
it's the best dad and it fits load it
now you can go to my favorite room in
hotel ama muniya so beautiful goodbye
beautiful Riyadh bye hi beautiful riad
goodbye beautiful romance full on the
