reason I'm in New York is because why I
sell have launched their new men's
fragrance called why now if you follow
me on Instagram I actually was very
lucky or given the fragrance I was one
of the first people the entire world had
given fragrance and I run a thing on my
Instagram stories where people could
request a sample and that was actually a
real soul but I've got two models so the
people who are watching me on Instagram
stories could request a sample now is
actually available in real life in
August or so I put a link down there and
pony what you took here's the fragrance
itself and here is the packaging it
comes in it's very very nice actually
like I said I've had it for like a month
or two now so I've been kind of using it
quite a lot and it is beautiful and the
concept behind and while I are in New
York is because it's basically about
creative self-made people who follow
their drive and follow their dreams
