partially in collaboration with posters
of me you and I've been wearing Sergio
right now for last few weeks as a load
of you know because I've seen so many of
you have bots and their pieces which I'm
so pleased by because I'm just like
absolute upset my kind of jewelry to a
tee like delicate beautiful materials
beautiful metal amazingly they wanted to
come as working me to show you a few
more of the pieces so if any time I talk
about them in the
video it's both completely organic apps
in love pieces but also they wanted me
to tell you a bit more about them so I
was extremely happy to be able to
collaborate with them on this actually
swimmin this I've been winners for the
past week and I am obsessed with it you
sort of slide it in like that
and it just fits super cute I've got
this ring but I love just a really sweet
little thin ring I've got this X ring
and it has a guy mantas one side of the
sign is just the metal so I've really
been enjoying wearing it upside down
actually it's just like the the silver
then I have this other diamante ring
that kind of cuts off here and spins
round like stacking it with this one
sits like a a triple thing going on I
also help this one there as well which
is even bigger which can go around look
up I'm on the way up today might wear my
bracelet this is beautiful this is white
white gold sand that's was stunning
since the necklace I showed you the
night that was wearing with that
gorgeous dress I don't need to wear like
today click one quite fit but obsessed
with that it's so strange
they want to leave that that actually
display these pieces to fit and rings on
the bracelet so today I'm obviously all
links will be down below don't look at
this nail and very embarrassed by it
