I'm also awake excited to show you guys
my outfit of the day because I just got
these jeans and they're so freaking cute
I'm like obsessed with them and they're
from looking Gray's I'm gonna link it
down below but when we get back to the
didn't like it anyways we went to Smith
and we found these I think they're vegan
it says they're dairy-free where does it
say that though I don't know they are a
little ice cream bite so I'm gonna taste
it two thumbs up crunchy version what's
that No okay we're back home so here is
just got these they're from Luca and
gray they're so cute I love how they're
cropped and I'm 5'4 and they're still
crapped on me so if you're even taller
these will like look way cute on you but
I love how they're super distress
they're so freakin cute and like
obsessed with these I love them and then
also have on this cute sweater I love it
it's kind of like Grandma but cute
grandma just with like the floral and
stuff I love it I think it's so cute and
I love the little like
just embroidered it's super comfy
especially now that it's like pretty
