we were doing it i already have this on
earlier it's the Max Factor smoothie
that miracle primer so I didn't need to
put any more of that on this feels so
soft you guys know I bang on about
putting primers ohms it just holds
everything in place but this one feels
really nice and soft on your skin and
just perhaps everything and then we've
used the miracle touch foundation I've
already had this for a few years so I
knew I was going to like this but it has
a brand new swanky beautiful packaging
it is actually really beautiful I like
gold and that's actually very pretty I'm
obsessed with compacts as well with
cushions in and this is really good just
to get that nice really like flawless
finish and plus it's easy just to carry
around and top up as you go through the
day the consistency of this guy's if you
have tried it before is beautiful it
goes on really really soft and satiny
and just turns actually quite matte on
your skin because I get really greasy so
it's good to get rid of any shine and
then we've used this really pretty blush
it by Max Factor and I'm laughing
because I'm already on my third part of
this this is the max back to excess
shimmer you might recognize it from some
of my videos and my favorite ones in
copper so we put that on today yes I'm
wearing a lipstick I can't believe
someone has actually managed to get
lipstick on me and it actually looks
really nice because this is really
natural it looks really pink here but I
think it looks really nice when it goes
on your lips and then with you some
masterpiece glamour extensions mascara I
love the black brown one of this but the
black one today let's really nice and
then we've used a lip liner and then a
little bit of eyeliner you know what I'm
like this is the excess intensity and
actually I think that it's really pretty
mainly because it's brown so if you
don't like smoky eyes like me stick with
a brown
