but Bobby Brown has launched a new range
of makeup for the eyebrows so I'm going
to go and have a chat with him about
that
and then that 15 pounds is a deal rule
against products so it's basically free
products and it's not just a case of
coming in trying to products they really
teach you how to do it so I'm so excited
to try this no concealer on me it's got
perfect shape so there's me saying I've
today so first thing I'm going to use is
this face scrub and it's a brand called
voya
which I hadn't actually heard of before
but but this one has got seaweed as the
main ingredient which is really good for
skin cells replenishing and it is a
facial scrub so that should be really
good at getting rid of all Gorrell that
is in my skin from a day in the polluted
city in the same meeting I got a little
I ordered a Canon 6d and these Sigma
35mm lens so I'm just so excited to
start playing around with this the
they've got quite nice small beads in it
which is nice because it feels like
doing a real good scrub but it's not too
harsh on the skin and now I'm just gonna
face masks on and this is one of those
amazing ones you can actually feel it
working so my face is tingling a little
really like revile in bikinis it's not
too wide on the bum so you still get a
bit of a tan and the top is just a kind
of white lacy detail then I grabbed a
shorts or something but I really really
like this it's gonna be so nice for on
the beach and just exploring new
that I'm trying is this coat and
immediately I have fallen in love with
this it's so me absolutely love the
shape of it the color it's got quite
high slits as well so it's nice and airy
around that but absolutely love that
value I also picked up a load of new
rings you guys know I wear Monaco
vanator rings every single day I've been
wearing these too for like over a year
highlights of the bits that I was sent
today first of all the new Bobby Brown
brow collection you guys saw earlier in
this vlog I got my brows done there so
they've sent me the products that they
used on me so I can recreate it at home
as well as their new eyeshadow palettes
which are absolutely stunning then we
lovely ripped jeans I absolutely love
American Eagle jeans so that's amazing
also really cutely put in like a perfume
bottle with some lily of the valley in
it which is really beautiful and lily of
the valley is the main ingredient but
also a symbol of luck and happiness I
think that's a really nice little stand
