South bronzing stones I love and but
I've written about them already use them
loads and loads and so I'm swapping that
for the essay edit bronzer which is like
a barely born so it's really nice so
that goes all there and then I've got
highlighter Luminizer undetectable
Luminizer I'm really interested in this
from make up forever with a brush so
that's going in this very weird-looking
mascara from Mac ghulam concealer I've
got loads of Real Techniques sponge as I
want to try vation from bare minerals
which is a powder foundation not
normally really my cup of tea but I'm
gonna give it a go i'm not sure which
shade i am so i'll take both back with
me then I've got soap & Glory neutrals
pellets and I've got the YSL contouring
palette which I think comes with this
brush here so pop that in and then the
Smashbox can
right ready BB so you know I might not
get through all of this I like to try
stuff loads and really get used to it
