I've come on a trip with bourgeois and
it's nice to be back been a little while
in our beautiful hotel room the hotel is
called hotel Bashar mall and it's so
nice we haven't really had a chance to
look around much but we just checked in
and my room is beautiful it's like a
lovely mix between modern and classic
very pretty and very happy to be here
very excited to sleep in this bed so
of the products that I'm here to learn
about is actually a foundation and I'm
sure you guys know the Bourjois healthy
mix foundation it's been around forever
definitely one of my favorites because
it's very like gooey and light and easy
to wear I've always really liked it but
they've actually we formulated it so
this is the new one the packaging is
slightly different it's still called the
Bourjois healthy mix foundation and
we're going to put it on now for you on
camera so you can see I'm actually
learning about it today I found out a
little bit about it already but today
difference the original formula this
one's like packed full of vitamins and
it gives you that jewy fresh light skin
it's very radiant boosting so you really
get that glow for me it's like the
perfect weekend foundation but if you
like a light to medium coverage then
it's like an everyday foundation as well
says I make that it's 16-hour wearing so
I could probably test out today if I put
it on now yeah I reckon I'll be wearing
this for 16 hours today so I'm going to
test out the 16 hour where I'd always
the skin I also love the smell of his
foundation the same smell as the old
formula it's very like
pretty fresh so when I applied it
really nice pump you know some
foundations when you pump the product it
just gives you like one massive square
product you can't really control it this
was really easy to control which I
really like in the foundation I didn't
realize I did until I kind of noticed
that with this one by the way guys I am
brand like tweaks the formula they
haven't completely changed it's not
going to upset old customers that love
this foundation it's just a slight tweak
to make it a little bit better I think
it's great right I'm going to get on
