all going to some dinners and drinks
going to be really really love the day
don't know if you guys see this yet
orange mascara it's from Mac I'm
obsessed with having is such such a cool
look and we're going to clearings in and
but I've got because I these earrings
from a sauce what's the highlight yars
necklace my beloved necklace and
Swarovski and I've got this balloon
sleeve shirt from next which you've seen
a million times and then my AllSaints
trousers with a red stripe from mango
shoes you probably already seen this
look in my work play video if you
Yeti they were such an amazing view I
literally had the best day I can't wait
to see the video and if it lizards like
the shots are looking insane so if we
sent me over the select yes today and
I'm so so happy with them that's really
exciting I can't wait to share that and
yeah we shot everything our way to shoot
today so I'm so happy is such a great
help is so wonderful and so patient with
me which is amazing some really really
like thrilled that we've all that done
it's got a white shirt on this is from a
sauce and I've dipped hand huge costs
again from a sauce or pink fucking
necktie my jeans are from all
and I think they're freaking badass the
match and jacket to them to just their
exam and then my brand new Gucci loafers
with Donald Duck on okay your ah they're
beautiful
