so today's video is a super exciting
video it's my official announcement on
film of my partnership with lighten free
and Spotify if you follow me on social
media you probably would have seen a few
hints I'm here today to let you guys in
or what I've been getting up to
and what to come so throughout the year
of 2017 I'm going to be celebrating my
love for music with Spotify and light
and free and I'm going to show you guys
some exciting moments that I feel
Express Who I am and also allow me to
live life to the fullest so like every
wonderful to be able to take her along
with this really unique experience and
have her experience it with me as well
actually spent one night in the Ice
Hotel in the actual ice room that's the
room that is completely ice and it was
fashion I love beauty and I love to
express my love for those passions and
the light and free brand really does
embody this it's a Greek style yogurt
it's not percent fact and not percent
added sugar but 100 percent delicious
you guys should definitely join the fun
on the lighter freehub I'm going to
leave a link down below so you can click
through there's going to be lots of
posts playlists with my favorite kind of
music and there's going to be lots of
fun things and activities and
competitions coming up in the next few
weeks so guys I know you're waiting for
don't forget to check out the light and
freehub I'm going to leave a link down
below so you can check through and join
the fun if you're a fan of Ella Eyre
like me like free are going to be
hosting competition you can win an
intimate experience with her going to be
an intimate performance somewhere here
in London I'm going to be there a few
other creators are going to be there
it's going to be really fun we're going
to leave all the information down below
to click through enter a good luck and
