going to be having a couple of drinks
this next part of this vlog is very
kindly sponsored by O'Neal's
who are an amazing chain of pubs here in
the UK so I'm going to take you along
for dinner
Megan and I as we celebrate their cider
makes summer campaign so I have not been
to this Oh nails before although I have
eaten at a little pubs in other places
on the UK but they have an amazing menu
they've got loads of drinks we just want
as you can see O'Neill clubs have a
limited edition side a menu with loads
of really awesome and sliders tried so
we had a few and they were delicious
having a really nice and safe RV a
caesarian Israeli night sweet again
we're trying different items my
favorites like that difficulty my nickel
free so there's been a long time
remaining voice acting to come on
yes
I have just got in from our dinner at
O'Neill's and we had a really nice time
they ended up having an open mic and
live music and it created a really nice
atmosphere the beer garden was really
popular there were loads of people out
there it was a little bit chilly for us
so we ate inside but that'd be such a
nice place to go and sit after work have
drinks with your colleagues or friends
it's a really nice pub vibe so he had
great selection of the menus super
affordable and the sliders were so young
they had two four seven pounds so really
affordable as well I genuinely had a
really great time and I can definitely
see myself going back there was a really
big O'Neill's in Bournemouth really
great stars as well at one point we had
our starter and the waitress came over
and she we were still like nibbling on
the last it's the nachos and she was
like are you ready for your man yet and
I just thought that was such nice
service for like a pub you know like
they really surprised me and the bar
started there two guys they were really
friendly honestly genuinely really liked
it and I would definitely be going back
so thank you very much O'Neill's for
working with me and inviting me to come
and try the new sliders my favourites
always going to be a cock burg that has
my heart but I really did like the
Smirnoff one and this one was another
favorite of mine Rosie pig's flat tyre
sparkling cloudy cider with rhubarb I
really liked this one I've never seen
this before so it's really cool that
they have some like this on their menu
I'm now going to take my makeup off and
wash my face and get into bed and read a
book and I will see you tomorrow morning
I am off to the office where I work out
today for the company I work for is
doesn't it say thank you so much to
O'Neill's for working with me on this
blog we are actually gonna head down
there even though I don't do any more
footage for them I'm going to head down
there tonight so that'd be nice going to
