the negara both SPF 50 and they're
really really fine mist now I have to
say I don't it mistakes on my face what
I think about these me because they're
brilliant idea and people have always
asked me what do you do if you've got
your makeup on and you just want to top
up your sun protection to sort of
incidental exposure or you know if
you're out in the Sun and you feel like
you don't have enough protection on you
don't want to take all your makeup off
and put your SPF one and then put it all
on again so these are brilliant for that
however what I would say is I don't
think that they provide the same
protection they do say SPF 50 however
for the way that you would apply them
which is just a quick sort of spritz or
mist is how I would have thought you
would do it I don't think that you would
get the protection that you would get
from applying a layer of cream you know
like properly so yeah a really good idea
for people that want to top-up during
the day I think they're great but use a
proper SPF that's not processed yet but
you know a traditional sort of cream or
fluid or something like that I did a bit
of a more scientific test this isn't
just my opinion I have actually been
testing these out and I did a proper
sort of kids 56 one on my shoulders
which haven't burned at all and I just
use mist on my chest area with no such a
base layer of SPF and I did catch some
quite badly on here and in the same
amount of time that I didn't
things happens on my shoulder pool so I
think that reaffirms my point and I
think they're a brilliant brilliant
product and I will do a review on them
and they sit beautifully on this skin
there's no white nurses nose which is
greasing us or anything like that
oh but yeah I just be careful because I
think to get your full whack out of them
you'd have to be there go Shh age of
