southeastern basically go to like
different places promote go to can
because different kind of hidden gem
Caesar never hear of people going kind
of like Margate is absolutely amazing
and that's why we're going
back to very I can hour-and-a-half
straight to London which is awesome I'm
going to load worked on that I find I'm
so productive on train but this just
proves you can literally hop on a quick
train go and explore someone you I've
good it meant there was about an hour
and a half straight can slow the truck
for Marga I was really excited to
explore the southeast it was really
really good my first ever experience on
those trains actually I'm like I've ever
seen in cast but I think it's so nice to
go and have you can even have a day trip
now or a week and that and it's so easy
to do from st. Pancras yes I hope you
I'll leave all links answers below and
you can book in advance the
south-eastern and get the best fair
