hotel so we are actually staying at the
Sanderson hotel which is on Berner
Street in central London I've never
actually stayed there before by being
there and it's absolutely beautiful so
I'm really excited to be staying there
going out to dinner at physical cha to
Ma Tei which is Japanese I think your
kind of fusion I've been there once
before and I loved it we actually really
I'm crazy I love tinned Liedtke and as I
live they lychee I say likey and they
come in it's like really sweet syrup
specially not good for you 18 is all the
time as a kid and I saw them in the
supermarket yesterday and have to get in
oh my god they're so delicious we have
box or Adam which is a really cute
little a nifty car is actually really
enjoyed driving it it's very small and
nippy and quite like sporty I'm going to
head downstairs now pack up the car so
I'll show you it because it's cute and
it's red and white so Arsenal fans will
approve okay
show you the room in fun we've just
walked in it's insane you walk in
there's like this pink yeah so full of
TV and then the bed is like right in the
middle of the room so cool there's like
some random weights here and then in
here is the bathroom
ah so pretty it's so amazing here I'm
nearly there dinner was so yummy the
food they're delicious but they changed
