a video with Lenore for their fabric
conditioner and since then I'm like I've
become slightly obsessed with it the
point where like I'm telling all my
friends about how good to smell pretty
and Jemima then I was telling her about
this fabric conditioner and she was like
oh my god have you tried the unstoppable
stuff for your gym gear and I was like
no what is it
and then the nor contacted me and asked
me if I wanted to do a video with them
about the unstoppable range and I was
like hell yeah because we already use it
so basically what it is find mine sees
that all my body can actually smell and
everything already good these are the
lavish and basically they are in wash
scent boosters so if you're washing
anything really sinky like gym gear
hence my personal trainer recommended
them to me she was like if you're
washing your trainers or gym gear it
just gets rid of any smells and just
makes us all really nice I've since been
using it mainly for like gym get dog
towels towels in general things that
kind of tend to get a little bit stinky
like if they get wet whatever and that
was kind of just become addicted to it
and I'm using it on everything and
what's really good about using it for
traveling is that the scent actually
lasts a really long time so you know
when you're packing your suitcase and
you want to like open it up when you get
there after a really long flight and
have your clothes smelling like really
fresh and nice and like home and yeah so
the scent just last very long time so
you can kind of like I know that if I
pack everything in my suitcase is still
going to smell good like at the end of
the week when I'm like unpacking and
repacking so changing hotels three times
in five days this is our utility room
there's a lot of washing going on right
now oh the other thing that it's really
good for is like you're smuggling stuff
makes it more really good
do we find basically you pour a few of
these in with your washing and you can
put like just a few in if you're doing a
little wash and you don't want like a
in if you've got something really stinky
like dog towels or smelly trainers yes
and it makes them smell nice I also
and big thank you to Lenore for
sponsoring this vlog with that
UNSTOPABLES range my gym gear is still
smelling super fresh even after her 11
hour flight actually I will the city on
the flight as well as that bad don't
tell anyone it still smells nice I will
