share it so I want to shout out a great
company which sent me some books which
is what Caleb was going through a moment
ago I'll just show you them and here
they are so these are from a company
called pattycake and I'm sure a lot of
you've heard them already and the great
thing about is they launched some new
books this year and they have different
sections I love that they are mainly
focused on younger children so the early
books are 0 to 18 months which is for
Kayla cuz he just turned 1 and then
there's like 3 year olds or preschool
and then they have 4 years plus so we've
got some some core books which actually
focus on the fast this one's more for
babies going on - about a year and a
half and the notes are around the three
year olds and they also have an amazing
face book which means you so definitely
recommending parents out there check
that our new books are available on
Amazon - and with that said thank you to
Pat a cake for sponsoring today's video
