here with recorder League I've worked
with record league before you guys know
I'm sure you remember and it's one of my
favorites kind of side of brands so I'm
really excited to be working with them
again the brand record league is
obviously a Swedish brand this is where
they're from recorded a campaign for the
next year is start the Swedish way so
they wanted to bring me out here just
before autumn starts to kind of show me
the Swedish way of life which is
obviously very like relaxed and
laid-back I'm so up for that and we
premium passionfruit cider I think that
one's my favorite a the premium wild
berry cider
oh so it's two of each - passion fruit -
wild berry I think my favorite is
passion fruit I have tried this one you
know I've never tried this oh I think
you do on my taste
