happy I'm also in Copenhagen oh my god
recovering and so exciting I'm actually
letting this hopper on a video today
which is very exciting I think this is
my first video collab so yeah you know
it really it means a lot policy means a
lot and I'm in Copenhagen as well and
you know I love traveling so hope I have
actually challenged us to do Copenhagen
on a budget because they've done a
report and Copenhagen is the third most
expensive place to you know Holiday Inn
to thank Poulter for working with me on
this video they've got a competition
running or hosting our hacks competition
where you can win a mill for two at a
really nice restaurant in London the
lorries to do is upload a picture of
your travel hack whatever you may have
to do whether it's walking 30,000 steps
to avoid paying for public transport or
you know maybe you found a really great
free activity to do let me know and it
really sucks I love obviously love
traveling off you love saving money I
think my money saving video is one of my
most popular and a lot of you another
one like that
so yes make sure you enter and good luck
