picnic my friends and i bought some of
the recorder league flavored cider which
i love and then i also had some invited
so the guys from Accord League wanted to
collaborate somehow and so this M is
amazing parcel I'm gonna have some of
the strawberry and lime flavor for
barbecue today look how amazing this is
recording League side a beautifully
Swedish wouldn't know a Swedish this oh
my god they basically sent me enrich
like loads of their premium strawberry
lime cider I love flavor ciders are so
refreshing in the summer all it is a
really nice floral crown in here too
that's super see wait let's not damage
that that's so nice rich come look at
this and make sent us like special
glasses to have it in look at the parcel
that they sent us Wow it's cool isn't it
all is that it back i know i need let
headband suits you and I they'll yes it
will stroll free in line oh there's
actually some limes in here too so we're
going to have this with our BBQ today my
that yes strawberry lime rich put the
glass in the fridge as well this looks
very professional right to break up some
ice amazing weather today okay so I've
got my cold glass and ice so I haven't
tried the slaver I've tried the passion
fruit 10 I think there's probably a more
professional way to pour it than that
i'm not very good at this rich is on the
phone you probably should have done it I
know looks fizzing down oh my oh that's
so nice very refreshing I'm gonna get
rich one he'll like that
