hope I hope so B I'm trying this jumper
from hmm I'll try link it down below
um creepy hand and then this jacket is
from ASOS like last year leggings from
Isabella Oliver I believe I'll link them
down below Maternity ones they're really
comfy and thick and trainers just a
necessity at this point because walking
hat to vlog Liberty it's so pretty oh my
god
also we got this from Amazon this is the
best thing ever like I would put this in
a favorites video but I feel like it's
boring to put in but yeah Jason just got
it from Amazon it's just so it's comfy
to sit in the bar and honestly it's just
the best like that and this I think
Nikki also bought this on Amazon and
yeah this is the brand I don't know if
you guys want an eye but yeah it's just
handy I don't really put any technology
what they don't like oh I'll try and
show you guys tomorrow in better light
but I really really love them and yeah
there it's really pretty and yeah feel
really nice and groomed now and feminine
it's the ex1 invisible liquid foundation
I got it in the color 11 and I'm hoping
it's kind of match because they only had
this color they have loads of this color
I'm gonna sit and read some magazines
think so
I'm going to test this out and then and
looks like this is just the boy and
tinted eye bright and I've talked about
it before my channel but I love it and I
don't have my last one dried up so now
