just really quickly tell you about this
awesome competition that canon are
running you can win a trip around the
world it's probably the best competition
that I've seen for a while actually and
it's super easy to enter all you have to
do is upload to Instagram your most
memorable summer story using hashtag
live for the story and app mentioning
Canon UK and describe your summer story
in no more than 50 words that's all you
have to do to enter the competition you
win the competition you're going to be
sent around the world chasing summer for
a year I think that sounds pretty
amazing not every single country is
eligible so make sure to check out the
terms and conditions which I've linked
in the description you also have to be
over the age of 18 yeah everything you
need to know is links also go and check
out the post that I posted telling you
guys about the competition as well on my
