so this log is actually sponsored by
Leonor which sounds kind of different
for me because obviously it's not
something I normally kind of talk about
obviously when you're traveling you want
your clothes to smell good and stay
fresh and I am having to basically turn
around about half of my wardrobe in
terms of washing in one day so hopefully
I will be left with very soft
good-smelling clothes by the end of the
day so this is a sensing question it's
from Lenore's new inspired by nature
collection it's their silk tree blossom
fabric conditioner which is actually
pretty fitting considering I've just
been in Japan and the silk tree blossom
is from Japan the product is all about
being inspired by nature and kind of
learning how to switch off from everyday
life and kind of letting nature back
into your life which is exactly what I
do when I get home because I live in the
countryside and I feel like traveling
