we've got this beautiful little dress on
it kind of like a neon orange dress and
like a net in with huge head sleeves a
tiered skirt a little bit like under
skirts and Technion Mother's Day
and little bit lace up detail in here
and a bit of roughage on the waist I
think it's really cute it's just from
boohoo so it was like about so equus so
not bad at all and then earring wise
it is Stella McCartney bag with
beautiful stars on it how insane is that
I've been absolute loyalty is he's a
bloody good egg that's for sure I'm so
into it and it looks so cute with this
outfit Alec my train we were obviously
favorite trousers either by Mason Scotch
no scotch and soda
the Pfister brand so yes and they're
just like a really lovely canvas
material so they're SuperDuper
comfortable currently in best public
