I'm going to light some candles this is
apple cider flavored scented and it's
from TJ Maxx and it smells amazing high
first thing I got from Trader Joe's is
their uncured turkey bacon this stuff is
really good I've had it before and in
the fall I love bacon so and I love
Turkey so you know let's put this is the
oh you guys have not seen this then I
got this future state that's the brand
t-shirt and it has a line on it
and it says don't be lyin like lion but
with this I think this is cute it's very
like cozy pajama shirt that I could wear
with like pretty much anything so yeah
that's not o my favorite things that I
so you know and then the last thing I
got is this cream blouse
the material is so silky and soft it is
like a low cut in the front and has a
little flared out sleeves I think this
will look really pretty for like going
out to dinner at night I'm going to see
