sat outside having some breakfast we're
saying the most beautiful hotel right on
the lake and it's just honestly I had to
pinch myself when I woke up this morning
because i looked at laser pictures of
the Black Forest and I knew how
beautiful it was going to be but I just
never imagined it would be this pretty
then tonight we are going to the Black
Forest christmas market which has been
like a highlight that I've been waiting
for for the whole trip because we go at
night time and it's meant to be just the
most beautiful thing that loads of you
guys has told us to come to
so we're into Bingham and we are favored
pronounce that right and we have come
for the chocolate market which is going
to be one of mine and Holly's highlights
as we both love chocolate and I've heard
so much about it's the prettiest town
it's so beautiful and I haven't even
heard of it before we came here so we
were like we have to go to the chocolate
market is one of the christmas markets
