show you it just like a floaty
off-the-shoulder maxi dress I'll leave a
little link in the description box is
from ASOS but I think it's a brand
of the pink stuff on thug life which I'm
so excited about I think the pink hoodie
is probably I mean I'm going to say it's
quite a favor but I feel like it's
probably my favorite thing we've ever
released just because I slip in love
pink they're so soft and so comfortable
and I've been wearing mine like pretty
much ever since we had a sample of ones
we got this one yesterday look at it I
love it and I put it in this planter
which I think I got from Scandinavian
design center or cb2 and I've popped
this plant in I really love these leaves
plant which i think is so cool
look at these leaves they're so cool and
these these are coasters I got these on
not on the high street they're so cool
you how good does nice and then these
coffees which from TK Maxx or home
scents and they always have the best
flavors so it's the Grand Cafe
collection world of flavours we've got
cinnamon hazelnut and gooey caramel
fudge brownie
savory snack so we've got goldfish
Marmite biscuits which can I just say
are delicious some more kind of healthy
