really really exciting which is why
blogging and I'm going to be bringing
you guys along with me I'm going to tell
you an intro now but then you're going
to find out about it but it's basically
in collaboration with Malibu and they're
pranking an office today
scenes of a very big prank that they're
putting on all the people that work in
the office and I haven't seen it yet but
I think what they're doing is attaching
a slide like a slide out of an office
window like their boss's office all the
way down into a Malibu theme party and
it's going to be amazing but the people
instead they can be asked to like get it
wild and go crazy by going down a slide
and enjoying your life because summer
what a day what a cool idea like just
the whole concept of pranking an office
and just I don't know just being over so
awesome seeing everyone's reactions and
everyone was just so happy the whole
thing is about hashtag because summer
which is all about being spontaneous and
having fun and making it the best summer
you're ever going to have the best time
of your life
give it a thumbs up and of course I want
you guys to check out the official video
size in the behind the scenes the
official video which is awesome what's
going to be awesome is going to be epic
it's no shooting all day which I was
behind the scenes of so that's going to
see you all get your pranks and stuff
and there'll be a link just hour so make
sure you go check it out and I will see
