I got some nice jackets and a nice shirt
I really really like and it up spending
about 400 pounds on a few things from
put my comfy clothes on whacked a face
mask on which I use it's this is what I
use I use two of like two different
products there's a white one and then
there's also this one by glam glow so
you just put it on with a brush and then
you peel it off after and it's really
really good this is a great great brand
face mask so um yeah if you like face
masks like me and definitely check them
out but yeah I just wanted to run
I only managed to get into top man but I
did still manage to buy quite a lot
while I was in there so I got this
jacket first of all which is from lost
youth which is a brand that sold like
inside of top man it's like a jacket and
it's got some really cool patterns on it
and it's like a suede as well so yeah it
was really really nice and this is 140
pounds for that man like I've got an
I bought a red one recently from Levi's
but I bought this one today from Topman
which is grey
his Lexington on it and you've got like
the cream arms as well so yeah I'm in
love with this this was fifty quid to
stripes so yeah I bought this over shirt
striped shirt I just said shirt again
but then you've got buttons down the
middle oh that's nice that was 35 pounds
then I bought which I really really
liked but they didn't really have my
size so I'm going to try and make this
