off with the Christian Dior Lily water
and this is so lovely I got into my
saddle water recently but this one is
just beautiful like it really does melt
off your eye makeup and I always have
residue in the morning so it's really
nice to get any last bits off then I'm
going to go in with the skin C to course
blemish and age and this always gives my
skin a great kickstart and makes it feel
really fresh and like the pores have
been almost like sucked clean it's
really weird it's a lovely sensation and
then I close my pores with their
solution then I'm going to do a very
gentle exfoliate with the Shantou chi
bamboo and hibiscus exfoliating cream
this is a really nice gentle moisturiser
gentle moisturizer this is a really nice
gentle exfoliator that you can use quite
regularly as well it won't be too
abrasive and then I use the Sunday Riley
good genes treatment I love this
it's a wonder for skin and I use it
about two or three times a week so
most expensive moisturizer in the world
it's the creme de la Mer moisturizing
cream this goes on to my skin so
beautifully and leaves it like satin
silky smooth I can't I say to myself
don't use everyday Lydia because it's
expensive and I always have to because I
missed that feeling on my skin so I'm
definitely using that as my base for
makeup today and then my eye cream from
this one anyway because it's just
beautiful and I trust it and yeah it's a
really nice product so that's going to
be going on my eyes before I do my
makeup this is my face before we get
having his makeup done but I am so happy
Anna has done an amazing that like
better than I even knew possible so I'm
so excited to go now I hope taxi driver
makeup has held quite nicely and we had
such a good night it's always nice to
meet so many people that likely follow
and people that we enjoy watching so
yeah we have such a great time and we
got like so much love for our costumes
didn't we
can see myself but yet we had a lovely
time so thank you very much to glean for
having us and thank you so much to Ana
for providing us with these amazing
costumes because we've had such an
have been without these quantities at
home and now it's time to wash off this
gorgeous makeup is data so well oh my
