it's called tan luxe and it's called the
water so this is it I literally put this
on one coat last night and it's worked
absolute wonders not sponsored by the
way after I know that sounds like such
an ad but no it's so good and you also
have one to the face which is called the
face and I really like this one because
you literally add a couple of drops into
your normal moisturizer and you wake up
with glowing skin and people have
actually said to me like wow you've just
got a turn when you're in can for just
I love it too lower chassis I can wear
that to the gym for the three things Oh
cute fan leggings they're so nice
they're just plain black leggings and
then at the top that beautiful print oh
oh there's another thing
cute opps I think really nice so this is
a plain black top really seamless lovely
and then a sports bra again in that
lovely print another that's so gorgeous
I love the back really pretty oh cool so
these are little cat free plants covered
in that print that's amazing oh I love
it
