just now on the beach so I definitely
need a hit of moisture recently I have
been trying out the coconut milk range
from Garnier and it is exactly what my
hair is craving when I'm on holiday from
that old enough length collection it's
got that she derived ingredients but
it's especially the macadamia nut oil
which just filled my hair with goodness
and especially you know what it's like
after don't see your hair does need to
be filled with goodness again so I'll
definitely be using this shampoo and
then I'm going to be using this re in
and I personally find this the best when
your hair is maybe like sixty percent
dry like this to take the spoonful or
it's good full and then rub it through
your hair and and out your hair dries in
the joy now and then and your hair dries
it really just focusing all those
nourishing ingredients and softens the
hair makes it shiny and then also if you
do when you has a little bit more dry
can help get rid of Swire ways as well I
might do a second round of this so I
mentioned it's paraben free it's got
naturally derived extracts and because
of those lovely ingredients in here it
just smells so so good so now I just
associate this smell the holidays it's
like a really warming coconut smell and
yeah I just love it so as you can see
it's making my hair super easy to brush
through I'm just using a wet brush like
my savior's and as the evening goes on
my hair will just absorb all the
goodness from this mask
time so this one is the summer body
cream Gagne and it's very very subtle so
no one's going to look for you at dinner
and be like oh my god she's wearing
three times so there's a focus of
gradual tan they call it a moisturizing
lotion for some kids look virtually
build the natural King town and I
definitely agree with I can use this in
the UK but because it is so hydrating
super fast absorbing and it's got
apricot extract in there as well that
smells lovely
past five minutes I'm feeling super soft
and my skin it smells absolutely amazing
it's thanks for lovely apricot extract
so over the next couple of days I'll
keep using this every day morning and
night and I will slowly but surely
develop an even more beautiful and
than when I went to sleep thanks to the
summer body and Ambre Solaire I used
last night so my holiday beauty hacks
are working and also because we've just
