which segues quite nicely into the
sponsorship element of this video which
is the Pampers Club rewards at a free
app that turns map is into rewards toys
for babies treats for you or money off
more pampers basically it turns every
nappy change and there are many of them
into a reward for our but I'm going to
go into it in much more detail a little
bit later but for now it is morning
arrow okay let's have a go with this
pampers club app so what the app does is
turns your map is into rewards and also
savings with pampers and all we need to
do is open the app and then you just
take a photo of your pampers receipt and
that's it it's really fast and then just
watch your points build and build and
then you can exchange your points for
different types of rewards things for
yourself things for the baby
yeah to spend them things for you
toys and magazines and more nap is just
a bear
and if you want more information on the
brilliant and free Pampers rewards at
pampers club app then check the
description box below ditto if you want
