proud sponsors of capital Summertime
Ball so this morning we're going to a
future Breakers live event basically
what this is it's a talent search to
find unsigned artists and I think this
is really exciting because you know me
in India we love fighting a new and
unsigned artist so I'm really excited to
see some of the floors to say by lorry
who is the winner of the huge Vegas
competition is actually going to be
opening at the summertime book it has
80,000 people which is such an
incredible opportunity so I know I said
loaded I got so if any of you guys are
unsigned artists then there's a
competition that you can enter next year
I've kinda figure I've definitely oh I
think it's amazing opportunities so
definite if you are an unsigned artist
this may be for you
