chill out I thought would be a nice time
for me to sneak away and to tell you
about an app that I've actually been
using and loving now for around two
years and they contacted me recently and
I was more than happy to work with them
on this because it's something that I
already use and already loved and
already want to show you guys because
it's amazing it's an app called clue and
I already know that a lot of you use it
and I honestly recommend this to
everybody I know I made papi get it I
actually have her as a friend on it so
we can track each other's periods which
sounds crazy but it's so useful
you don't believe me there you go I'm
sure she doesn't mind me saying this but
I actually made her come on because
that's what happens with females you
hang around a lot you're in sync and
that's exactly what happened if you
don't know what clue is it is an app to
track your menstrual cycle but not just
that it's also tells you the days that
you are most fertile and you can track
your moods your sleep patterns your skin
so I've actually been putting this in
and very detailed for a very long time
and honestly I love it I don't just love
it because it can like remind you when
you're due on and it kind of explains
things also but I really like that it
traces the different patterns so when
I'm feeling particularly emotional or
stressed I will put that in as like PMS
and then it kind of contains all that
information and will then tell you like
you're going to be PMSing next week or
with my headaches so yesterday I knew my
headache was related to my period
because whenever I come on I always have
really really awful headaches and
sometimes I'd be like why have I got
such bad headache if they haven't drunk
enough like how I've been staring at
screen for too long today you don't need
to go get my eyes checked and I can
literally look at my phone and be like
nope because I track headaches the first
couple of days or the day before my
period every single month and then it
kind of reminds me and it makes complete
sense
um so for any of you that want to track
your period but also it predicts your
next one or you just like being able to
track things like that like the amount
of sleep you have and how much that can
like differ during the month and all
those all those insightful details I
really really like it for that and also
the more things you track the more
accurate their predictions can be for
your next period so if we look at my
last one because we're all friends here
you will see if I touch this open
I tracked at the start heavy
this was my pain so I've got cramps and
a headache C headache every time and I
always forget I tracked my emotion as
sensitive sleep as 69 hours my sleep
never really varies my energy was low my
mental state was distracted and you can
pick which ones you want so if some of
them don't apply to you then you don't
have to have them now I already use this
app and so being able to tell you about
it was an absolute no-brainer because I
love it and I recommend it to absolutely
everybody I wish I'd had this when I was
younger because I would get so worried
and be like why why is my period not
starting I don't know I've forgotten
when it's supposed to start and if I'd
had this app the whole time
I think it would have taught me a lot
and it would have made more sense and I
don't know I just really really liked it
I use it every month so if you like the
sound of that and you also think it
might be good for you then you can
download the app for free from the App
Store and also Google Play and I will
leave a link in the description box so
you can go on over and click that and
download it let's see if the boys have
