staying in the Crosby Street hotel and
I've never stayed here before and it's
absolutely beautiful it's so homely and
lovely I was saying yesterday how I just
feel so like happy in this hotel room
you know sometimes you just feel like
you're a bit homesick I've unpacked I've
settled myself in and I literally feel
like this room has become my home so I'm
here with Bobby Brown it's a huge global
press event so there's other bloggers
and youtubers from all over the world so
it's a really like huge three day long
event and I'm actually working with
Bobby Brown for this video which is so
exciting you guys know I love Bobby
Brown they are launching some new
lipsticks a bloody love and new lipstick
launch so we got here on Monday night
well with the lipsticks that I'm gonna
tell you about they're called the
crushed lip color and they come in 20
shades which is amazing I love when a
lipstick launch has like loads of shades
in it the idea is that the lipstick is a
really nice soft pigment and you can
blot it down and give that real like
effortless lipstick look which I really
love it it's very New York the lipsticks
are inspired by their effortless
cool and easy beauty routines of Bobby
Brown's girl crushes so you know the
girl who just like swipes her lipstick
on gives a little blot and she just
looks ultra cool I feel like I will
crush lip crush and as I said there are
20 shades they are oh my god look at
this this is an actual girls dream very
like new like lots of nudes nudie pinks
they're definitely like a theme going on
here but there are definitely a few like
brighter pops of color as well so far my
favorites I haven't tried them all yet
bear is the most beautiful nude which I
think I'm gonna wear today bear is
lovely last night I wore plum which is
really nice like deep berry slightly
like red berry they're very creamy and
they they kind of feel moisturized on
your lips so they're very easy to wear I
am so excited by these lipsticks and I'm
this one is bear which is a really
really nice nude let me put that on now
I think that's a really pretty color I
feel like this is the one I'm gonna get
the most wear out of and when I had my
perfect by the way I was so impressed
with how the red lasted all day i tops
it up twice once before lunch and then
once kind of late afternoon which i
think for like a creamy finish it wasn't
like a matte lipstick I think that's
pretty good going actually I'm gonna
forget to check the description box for
everything where I went what I wore a
link to the Bobby Brown
lipsticks and all the information on
their launch thank you guys for watching
