first one I'm very excited about because
this is a company that I've been talking
to for a while and I'm going to be
working with over the next few months
they're called road filled watches the
website comes up in dollars but they do
ship Internet
for free and if you click in the top
left then it comes up you can change it
into pounds I'm going to show you what
they've sent me I'm very excited thank
you yeah oh this is so cute it's
obviously packaged I have the press
release in front of me I basically
picked two watches and then I have four
bracelets
yeah from the new downtown chic
collection so it said it's a fine
jewelry line consisting of seven
different designs 15 different bracelets
to add that extra edge to your wrist
they come in different colors you've got
gold silver and rose gold they're really
gorgeous so everything I want to start
wishing to watch it I love my jewelry as
you can see and I have been in the
market for a new watch something I can
wear to blogger event to dinners Allen
things this one's from the Upper East
Side collection it's 99 pounds or the
packaging bag that's one key oh look at
that
so that's the first watch I'll link
everything below so you can go and have
I picked was from the West Village
collection I am in love of this so this
one's 89 pound and it's got a velvet
strap I still have a tag on but that
fits so beautifully look how nice that
is
I love it now you've seen the two
watches I picked I'm going to move on to
show you the jewelry to match okay seven
different bracelet in the collection and
I have two in two different colors I've
gone for silver and gold this are called
Christy and it's available in gold and
silver
I just thought these were really like
delicate and pretty and really easy to
wear so what I imagined is having the
gold bracelets with the gold watch and
then I also have one called Worcester
which is in gold silver needles do rose
rose gold in this one and it's really
simple bangle with a little Rose filled
tag on it so I have quite big wrists and
I often like find I've got a bangle and
this on I just have to slide quite
harshly on and off where this has a
really nice little clasp
there we go that's the Worcester
bracelet as well I really like that that
looks so nice together so I have a few
of my own bracelets on here but I also
have the Roseville ones in between here
in the middle which I absolutely love
they make a really nice addition and I
like that you can pair up or you can mix
metals there we go I've created my own
downtown chic style all I need to do is
find the right place to wear them you'll
probably see me sell this in another
would be such a lovely addition I really
love them the Worcester the solid gold
this 149 pound and then the crispy that
the it's like a solid line and then a
chain detailing and it goes the way
around this one is 39 pounds I like the
white faces as well it's really simple
and just really classy is very me so
thank you very much for your watches
I'm so happy oh that's so easy to undo
are just notice that you just click it
so have links to rows filled watches
below thank you very much to them for
working with me this week love them I
wore my watch out last night for dinner
and my mum said it looked really nice
because I had it in my insulin story I'm
