roughly so I have another book club
which is exclusive to wh Smith and is
launching it today as you watch this
that is a so much difference this year
in the fact that this is a zoella and
Friends book club and this time around
which I am so excited about because
there are so many amazing authors on
this planet
just because I feel like when you put
lots of enthusiastic people together who
love books great things will happen and
I can promise you that the book we have
chosen for this runs a book club are
like amazing I can't wait for you to see
the book so exciting I am going to show
Jennifer Nibin if you guys know how much
I absolutely love her to have her on
board with this was very exciting for me
she wrote the book all the bright places
and holding up the universe which are
both two of like my favorite books that
I read last year I absolutely love her I
love her writing style and yes very
excited to have her on board the next
next up is Chris Russell and he is a
musician and a novelist which I just
think is the coolest bundle ever and he
wrote the book songs about a girl I'm so
excited to have Chris on board and I'm
so excited to share with you the books
friend's book club is Juno Dawson as you
know has written so many amazing books
one of which I have actually read which
is called mind your head and it's all
about mental health it's amazing and I'm
so excited to have a fellow bright omean
is exclusive to wh Smith for the
duration of the book club so you can
only get this on WH Smith website or
install and as always all seven of the
other book titles have their exclusive
covers - WH Smith as well which I always
love because then all of them together
look so great I'm going to I'm going to
show you look they look so great if you
guys want to find out more about the
other seven books I haven't talked about
in depth in this video then head on over
to WH Smith co uk boy slash zoella book
club for a lot more information and also
I would advise that you guys follow the
author's social media channels like
Twitter and things because they'll have
lots more exclusive content over there
and reviews of the book as well if you
guys head out and buy any of these books
from the book club as always make sure
you are tweeting using the hashtag
zoella book club so that I can read what
you guys think of these and we can all
have a bit of a book discussion I think
check out all the links I will leave in
the description box for all the WH
Smiths but the club staff and
grandfather the authors and yeah I am
