okay guys so we've arrived to our hotel
we're staying at the Waldorf Astoria
Anthony Harold's fancy ha
it's amazing the service and I too know
what it is about a good hotel it's the
way that people make you feel when you
walk in veteran make you feel very
welcomed and it's so important I think
my number one thing when it comes to
staying anywhere I'm going to show you
let's have a look here here's the room
lovely it's elegant it's gorgeous
look at this but for me the thing that
going to use this you guys might have
seen is from IPR unboxing this is a
hydrating supercharged concentrate do it
is really really good hydration and for
me after a flight is absolutely perfect
this is in a gel formula and for me I
prefer gel it
that's got lots of oil in it but even if
you have oily skin your skin still needs
really good moisture and I find that if
I don't give my skin the moisture it
means it will go crazy
oh and it only costs $34.99 it is much
beautiful naturally I know I know I know
a lot about
yeah it's nicer just give yourself a
little bit of a treatment and get off of
designer but basically I bought a bunch
of stuff on far-fetched because they
have a sale on and these are Alexander
McQueen sandals and they're so amazing
and I got them for 130 pounds down from
like three hundred and something pounds
we have now left and the waldorf-astoria
we had an amazing to mean that we have
fun here in LA we're in the Virgin
lounge and which you have access from
our ticket which is amazing
