we just had a really delicious lunch I
ate way too much past it's not good for
me and Gemma had a yummy healthy
crudit√© night it's really delicious now
evening my top from River Island I've
got last year that is the most handy
thing in the world I love it topshop
shorts my new sandals from office which
I love and I got into shades and my bag
is from brandy melville and my nails are
revlon partner what it's called and the
lipstick is clinic um poppy pop and
that's why that that's that
these are the little yogurts I always
talk about that I love in France and I
don't think you can get them at home but
they're so nice my CDs and I was little
all the time and then I put a bit of
honey and on top and it's delicious all
we have melon pan chocola very French
make sure you are wearing today my
ray-ban Erica's my monkey desktop my
topshop Mazzara wrapped around my
topshop shorts last year and my
birkenstocks which is so comfy and then
