this challenge is all to do with sleep
so Temper mattresses have sent me this
challenge to see if sleep can help me
achieve something that I've never done
before really really just push my
boundaries and see if a good night's
sleep is going to help with this so
Kendra man chooses
have these incredible foam mattresses
and pillows so I've got them I've had
them for a couple of weeks my absolutely
love them I'm going to show you actually
let's see here we go this is the
mattress and I don't know if you guys
are familiar with memory foam mattresses
but they are so comfortable it's like
you just mold into them and it's just so
cozy I love them this is what I want to
do I just like like putting my hand in
and then seeing it is so good and
there's also got the pillows as well
I'll show you them at first from I am
first got them and I pulled them out of
the cover I was like wow these feel
really different and then selected them
and they just so amazing it's like your
head just moves into them again here we
go so this is what it looks like as you
can see like it's not as firm almost as
the mattresses and that's what I thought
memory foam pillows were like okay
they're going to be exactly like the
mattress rest for your pet basically
like smaller versions of mattresses like
a little mini mattress but they're not
they're like designed in a different way
they're softer and like more more
squishy and just so cozy see I've got
those got my two pillows got my mattress
