is getting these beauties first I
partnered with to send out this video
and if you don't know about to send you
know they're basically like an amazing
really well Fry's salih art sort of
company my sisters sometimes work with
them before and I just literally love
their stuff so much so I picked out some
stuff that I wanted I'm gonna hang up on
the walls let me show you guys now
actually which ones I've got think you
guys will love them oh this is all the
I was telling you guys about
senio on the website have an actual
guide how to hang wall print so last
to dicenio-- for this video and I have a
discount code as well which I believe is
just le e ll e and that gives you 25%
off all the posters but honestly really
recommend guys just going and have a
look because I was in love with all of
their posters and telling me that right
now I feel like such an adult talking
about this I've been excited to get
these posts up for weeks now I've had
them for so long
oh let's get them up
oh my god
are you obsessed because I am how
incredible does that look oh my god
really underestimated how much of a
difference that was gonna make I love it
I'm absolutely in love with that now I'm
gonna quickly go and do the ones in the
Beauty room oh how amazing is that even
those two make such a difference to the
room do you know what I mean like it
just it just makes it look a bit more
full oh I love it so much okay so I've
really looking forward to getting those
up because I just didn't I didn't
realize how much the prints would
actually make a difference do you know I
mean like I just think that completely
adds to my living room the only things I
