I've gone for and smashed avocado
avocado and a poached egg so yeah very
excited about that trying to find some
which is looking at Leah's accessories
it's beautiful this space is so nice
they always found such a cool display
yeah it's amazing these are quite
spectacular
so fastly and new look very kindly sent
me a few bits first up I've got these
jogger trouser things these are my new
favorite things now like jogger material
but they look like trousers so you could
wear them to any small event and be
super comfortable it's like taking your
pajamas around with you all day is I
just so comfy then they sent me this
running part which is kind of like a
subtle color and I feel like you could
wear this without constantly being like
having the jokes made oh well where's
your body gone where's your body gone
you know I think it's really cool I'm
pieces and I'm from Neelix is this shirt
so this is a really nice um color
I can imagine bit like with rolled-up
sleeves and like boating with a t-shirt
or wrapped around your waist
I think that wasn't really cool and it
will definitely be used for both of
those things then I have a cream kind of
roller this is a really nice kind of
off-white I think this is really good
first layering type of that person under
t-shirt and speaking of which this
t-shirt and you could wear that with
anything such major things just throw on
so thank you very much new look I look
forward to styling those items and stay
some grooming products here so we've got
water charged gel cream a future rescue
Repair Serum and finally and urban blue
detox clay mask now this is really cool
I love the packaging this has got that
in New York skyline and as you may know
have Zuzu man the beauty man that was
really cool they're launching their new
line of tailoring and it's so nice there
are these pinstriped trousers which I
need so in here we've got some creek
hey what oh this is really cool Evo
shavers and it's so highly that's
perfect travel size thank you very much
watches laughs like what incredible and
if I have any three cyclist I love these
as a fans so annal multifunctional and
the other thing in here it's very
interesting it's a flat spot time oh my
god so swatch have given me one of the
new watch I want it on right now next up
we have this one is a very intriguing
sheet and I mean it's a boxy shape
bubble wrap
okay so nice I've got two portable
charges from the brand box also this
onto desk charger which you can plug Wow
like five different devices in and then
this point is a portable charger which I
really could have used yesterday because
my phone and ran out of battery on the
plate now this is great so these may
just look like a normal pack of mini
eggs but in here there are eight mini
bags of mini eggs which is perfect
because I am so busy and I will buy one
of those recaps of mini eggs which is
like a share pack and just eat the whole
thing
because I cannot stop myself that is the
perfect size packet of mini eggs
so the great I mean it wouldn't be
Easter without an Easter Egg at home
this year and Cadbury are doing a heroes
Easter egg which is really cool because
of the heroes it's like they're kind of
selection box so you've got the caramel
swirl Sarge cream egg
whisper that is amazing that one really
cool idea and easter egg chocolate is
just the best chocolate then I have this
now this is again one of the core things
as an additive everything is the coolest
thing in the side possibly is basically
an Easter egg hunt for lazy people
it's amazing a Cadbury chocolate is just
lit and finally are you ready for an egg
and spoon Oreo what it's like they
combines the two best things and just
made them into one superior thing like
all other chocolate brands can just stop
now because Cadbury just one and then my
say a massive massive thank you to all
of the lovely brands who was so generous
and said anything and I appreciate that
a lot
I'll leave all the links to all those
products below if you want to check them
out do so and now I'm going to eat
