to the world our canons are the tools
that bind this whole story together
which is why we feel so incredibly
privileged to this week to be working
with the people that created these
cameras Canon they told us about their
new campaign which is about living for
the story in how a photograph could be
so much more than just a filament they
wanted us in our own way to talk about
the story behind the photograph so our
idea was to find a pertinent photograph
for us that represented a particular
story in our lives a photograph that
made us feel that moment all over again
that made our minds almost bloom with
memories of that particular time in our
lives then we go back to the place the
photo was taken all these years later so
that's what we're doing today we both
knew the photo we wanted to use for this
campaign the only problem we had was
it's an incredible prize so definitely a
different not folk to even just the
camera alone is such a nice prize I've
been you yeah well you need to be able
to talk about that basically we've got a
cannon one of the new kind of empires to
give away then we go and get it and I've
been flocking on it all week as well so
I can tell you like first times that
it's a really really great little camera
especially if you're into like rocking
or blogging or whatever this is the bad
boy here that you can actually win this
this week all the all the details are
down below in the description on how you
can go about winning this cannon outside
where we'll be changing we'll be using
this from now on I think for you're
dropping camera and we not have to get
that I think they might ask for it back
but I might just say I lost it details
on how to win that down below and the
amazing trip 365 days or just find a
really nice totally took one summer and
tagged Canon UK and on Instagram and I
think back and live for the story and
then in the description of your photo
just write down what's a teen whatever
do you mean - yeah where you are in your
life from white up photos
poignant for you get incredible prices I
think it's a really fun competition well
I love it today is I love going through
old photos anyway yeah I really enjoyed
this we because it was a hardcore I mean
