box view down below so in my massive pan
which might just be the best thing that
I've ever purchased if I can find it
online I'll link it down below but
honestly it's so good for things like
eating this around a week my camel coat
that I ordered as part of my little
capsule wardrobe rejigged has arrived
and I absolutely love it it's from
whistles I turn it around so you can
have a look so chat with like the color
and the length and the style I like that
it has a wrap around if I need it too it
makes it a bit more trench coat in a
little bit more fitted and structured
which is what I tend to like in my
clothing but without is definitely more
of like a duster vibe so I'll link it
down below for you and I got it directly
off the whistles website and it came
fun fact used to think that dried
apricots were disgusting yeah and then I
think that has some in France or
something they tasted like nature's
candy like they were literally like
sweets so I really enjoy those we've got
been reading this book oh this is a
terrible idea
lemon poppy seed lemon poppy seed
muffins how good do they look like oh
they're amazing the cherry bomb cookbook
I got this when I was in New York with
Bobby Brown but honestly it's like the
worst thing to read when you're hungry
so all the recipes look ridiculously
