then um so I found this and you're
probably like what the heck but it is a
brush that straightens your hair it's
not as damaging as a regular strainer
because I really don't like using heat
on my hair um especially with a
straightener where you have it like
clamped between these two hot you know
plates and I feel like that's so bad for
your hair where as this you know you're
not you're just kind of brushing through
your hair like you normally would
um and it only goes up to 378 which I
know is still considered high but
compared to like straighteners that will
really go up to like 400 and like 15
degrees it's not that bad so it won't
damage your hair as much as a normal
strainer would because it has bristles
it really runs through your hair and
makes it less frizzy so this will be
eliminated
quite soon this is from vanity planet
I'm sorry I didn't even say that
and I will have a discount code that you
guys can use but first let me do this it
feels so good
you can just it's so straight mm-hmm
and again I don't do straighter often so
I just love the change-up and it still
has volume but you can get a promo code
that literally gives you 50% off so I
will leave that in the description with
the link and everything so you guys can
check it out if you want to alright guys
