reason flat is because you go boss
applying the out to New York City in a
few days time I need to get 50 for it so
I am going to see the spring-summer she
doesn't 18 menswear collection we're
sitting front row what's in the clothes
go by but also I'm hosting a live stream
for them to ibecause we do your
celebrity turn up I've been going
backstage after that the all the inner
what I'm wearing obviously head-to-toe
Hugo Boss today is what's today today is
the day where I'm doing like a teaser
video to get people interested in the
live stream so I think we're going to
this is entirely Hugo Boss obviously so
a really deep v-neck here which I'm
really digging and then a striped shirt
under it left all on Clark's plan
together slightly more relaxed vibe like
I said before the whole and ethos the
whole fort behind and the new
spring/summer 18 collection is like the
ease of Sun on it and something really
really easy so things like going on tux
and like undoing your buttons I've got
some shorts that kind of match my jumper
really well and also kind of complement
these shirts as well and then these
shoes are really nice basic white simple
type things with a nice and sort of
