and the boys got a new addictive highly
addictive game for you guys
arrow IO arrow dot IO it's a game you
just watch Noah plan right now Cain and
I have actually played this quite a bit
before so basically you're like in a 3d
maze environment you run around you
collect the hearts the gems that's how
you level up and you basically fight
your opponent's different characters you
earn different characters and you earn
different weapons the further you go the
crazier it gets different levels
different it's just it turns into a war
zone and the weapons are insane and you
get the crazy stuff you shoot like it
starts with an arrow and goes the
fireballs are like you pick it he's got
two lasers right now pick it up show me
them lasers boys go get someone
whoa this long-range oh he's got too
much health man
I got ya that's all right it's quick
it's like quick play you can play it
with your friends you can take on other
pixel man and basically not allow and
best part games free it's free games go
check it out guys I'll put the link in
the top of my description arrow dot IO
