in basket heaven this is insane this is
so much bigger than my Brighton one oh
my god I love it so if you guys have
looks too fun this gray marble slave
looks amazing like it is so heavy the
quality of this is amazing
it's $12.99 that it's amazing I've paid
like double that for some of my marble
slates at home mmm do I take this one
home with me yeah
ended up back at the front of the store
again and I love this chair so much so
I'm kind of really into this display
here it's really cute I love these
chairs I think Alex needs these in her
life you really need them that's so
beautiful
all so the first thing in this bag of
lightly talked bits is this candle it's
a sweet almond pumpkin candles smells so
good it's like fresh pumpkin like it
smells like a pumpkin dessert it's just
really really gorgeous so I can't wait
to burden it in like before two months
like a real marble slate like a so heavy
the quality of it is freaking amazing
and this was $12.99 which I think it's
awesome so I think this is gonna go
really nicely in our kitchen actually
these these are little bowls and they're
actually from the pet section this one
was $2.99 and the other one was too nice
known as well this one's my favorite but
I like the fact that rather than having
two that were the same I wanted like op
got Josh and myself some bowls and these
are really cute I like the texture of
them on the outside this one's got like
a honeycomb texture I really like the
honeycomb like hexagon shapes it's got
this pattern on the inside and this one
has more of a like diamond pattern and
then
on the inside so I got two of each of
those so I have four in total and these
were three ninja 90 which I thought was
pretty good
I have one of these already in white and
this vise or as I call oh my god is pink
is beautiful and it was $2.99 though so
good and then we have the basket which I
really really liked I love this kind of
multi texture it's just like a really
nice storage basket and I think it's
gonna come in really handy and then the
