and basically on the 10th of September
I'm going to be in the Regent Street
Hollister store for both fashion night
out if any of you don't know what that
is actually I only know what is because
once I actually did like a catwalk and a
modeling job or both fashion night outs
but quite a lot of the shops open till
really late and they kind of have a big
event they usually do like discounts and
they have drinks and I know it's just
kind of like a shopping event basically
on Oxford Street in Regent Street that's
like to do with both and I was really
really vain there and thought someone
just talked to me I think it was bad but
basically I'm going to be in the
Hollister store and they're going to
have like a braid bar loads of discount
and I'm going to be there helping you
guys pick stuff out if you want and that
kind of thing so it'd be really really
great to see some of you know because I
do get a lot of tweets from you all and
asking me to do a meet-up and obviously
I've never done that before I'm still
quite new to all of this so I didn't
really know how it worked I thought that
would be like a really good opportunity
for you guys to all come so do let me
know in the comments or tweet me if
you're going to come down and see me I
just show you my bikini because I've
been wearing it today and I absolutely
love it
I got it sent to my Pierre box and it's
my brand called South Beach and it's
just so cute like got little flamingos
on it and it's a halter neck and it
comes down like you know I don't know
they describe it it has a little thrill
on the palm then it comes down and eyes
no I just think it's very cute
