you know I'm putting on a bit of the
bareMinerals bear pro and 0-9 and mixing
it with some CC cream from it cosmetics
thank you I'm so so pleased he liked it
pictures just came out so well I like to
edit on the pictures what's so really
cool I mean answer to get a good picture
you could have been a good location and
have everything outstretched as well but
the editing was absolutely beautiful on
Alex's behalf so he did such a great job
support as always I'm just using my the
Borean copper blow on my islands because
I just love that shade okay I go it's so
nice to have a full face of makeup on
for once and absolutely in love I
bigger it's about wearing today it's
very chilled white shirt over cute
little beige skirt wears a lot and some
I thought you two things are super
exciting so this is the new hourglass
collection of lipsticks these look
absolutely insane I love this really
cool today I like put them in here so
you've got like a long lipstick very
cool quite innovative I don't know how
much you use it though I just kind of
wanted a slight put on my lipstick and
go but some very cool colors in here so
this one is the first time I like that
Coralie nudie that's cute this one is
called I wish which is like really nude
so that's very neat and the next pass on
which is pretty exciting from Marc
Jacobs iconic multi finish ipart's okay
new eye palettes which I'm really really
lovely favorite this one
sisq√≥ scandalous check out those shades
that copper how nice is that shade so
love that and that cranberries so nice
for Christmas really Christmassy palette
and I also like this one provoke sure is
very like Lila key moves this one it's
called go ambition that is so nice look
gold the very like creamy and this one
is River looks and that shade is
stunning and then equal this one smart
Oriole has a beautiful blue in it so
that is also very very cool anywhere I'm
not showing you might as well this is
editorial that means so much
this gold wow so nice but oh it's
fabulous
