adventure a for you and B because I want
to remember these lovely moments we're
getting the London Midland train down we
always get the train down to London
because it's just the easiest thing to
do for us but London Midland have some
cool things going on at the moment which
I thought I would tell you about at the
very start of this video so they don't
forget throughout the day or get you
know discombobulated with all the other
things going on so number one we're
going on London Midland as I've said
it's really handy for us because it's
direct we don't have to faff around with
like driving or traffic jams or worrying
about congestion charges if you're going
into London and parking when you get
then all that business - I have an offer
on for my viewers at the moment so it's
a big discount on tickets it is for a
limited time only in there are T's and
C's so that is linked below if you would
like to come and see that and three
London Midland currently have a thing
called motion which is like you can
watch films and team like shows and
entertainment and they've got some
pretty good titles on there especially
for kids they've got secret life of pets
and minions and I think they've got
Thomas & Friends which made me log his
train watching about train why on a
train so I think that's gonna really
really enjoy that that will make my life
a lot easier and just makes traveling
with kids a lot more fun a lot easier so
