you guys this product because Batista
sponsoring this video very kindly of
them and they have this called you put
on that they sent me I gave it go and I
really liked it it is there to in one
invisible dry shampoo and conditioner it
says 18 our conditioning and this is the
Coco and Kashmir sense you've probably
heard of their dry shampoo I think Petit
Latif that pretty much known for their
dry shampoo but this is a bit different
it's not a product that you can spray in
the roots to get rid of grease it's
something you spray in like the mid to
end length of your hair and it's a dry
conditioner I've used to dry conditioner
before and I really like them because I
can't use like a wet conditioning spray
on my hair once it's done because why my
hair gets wet it will be straight
anymore it'll go curly so I love dry
conditioners and I've got quite like
thick textured coarse hair so this
really softens the hair I love I love
having like soft hair something I've
always wanted and I'll younger I'm going
to show you how to use this I like to
shake it up and then from about here I
just spray it all over the hair and then
I brush it through in the hands I can't
like brush my hair with a brush words is
like this because it just goes really
frizzy but I brush it through in my
hands it smells really nice love might
be sat by a fire and so my freshly
washed hair now kind of smells like fire
so the smell of this the Coco and
Kashmir it's really nice it makes my
hair feel so soft and like in such good
condition I'm a big fan of this party
they have a mini sized as well I haven't
managed to find one yet I would probably
get the mini and keep it in my handbag
and use it as like an on-the-go things
freshen up my hair throughout the day
