when inside had a good old mingle we got
to have a look at the full collection
which consists of 30 pieces altogether
25 optical glasses and five sunglasses
that was the second most fun part of the
night please to love and look at these
back they're amazing
we spent ages trying on almost every
single pair that they had there oh that
right I ended up trying the pair's I'm
wearing now guys I might not me
the rest of the event and of the pilot
pilot like Eileen actually chose these
because you can't disagree they look
fabulous on me I'm going to run again
but the way that they had the collection
displayed was super cool it was almost
like honeycomb display with the glasses
in each one
they were honestly so many glasses that
I was absolutely drooling over let's say
I decide I neveri want them all but
these ones for now I decided to get
these at the ends because to me these
are classic they suit my face I love it
when they're a pair of glasses with a
clear frame eliteness these ones in
particular are the Kiley 13 glasses
these are a champagne acetate if I just
come up a little closer you can see that
hint of champagne around my eyes I just
think I mean listen I could talk all day
about how much I love these glasses but
instead I'll just wear them with almost
every outfit but there were so many
glasses that I really wanted to Nick but
obviously Kylie Minogue is a fashion
icon actually inspires so many women not
just through her music but also through
her Styles you've got very very classic
look and that really really came across
in her glasses even if it wasn't
something I might particularly choose
there was something very classy about
every single pair I also really loved
how much of a variety the collection has
and I feel like Kylie managed to cater
for all women with this collection which
is I think something that's actually
quite hard to do but Kylie I respect
savers managed to do that together
pretty well if you asked me a lot of the
glasses are also designed specifically
for petite faces because Kylie herself
is quite petite so obviously she felt
that that was something that was much
needed we also got to meet the
Specsavers team and they were so lovely
they really have great van I'm very very
accommodating which is always a bonus
next videos special thanks go to
Specsavers for inviting me along to go
to this event it was truly wonderful and
so my glasses guys the collection drops
in Specsavers on the 14th of February so
make sure that you check out the full
collection I'm actually planning on
getting another pair when they do
release so keep an eye out on my
Instagram and I'll let you know which
