it's time to get a oaxaca this is my
favorite food as you see behind me the
deep sleep a heavenly candle here we
have deep sleep bath oil spray on body
treatment to relax and hydrate nice and
a moisturizer like time open eyes deep
sleep breathing relaxing climate sensors
for a better night's sleep
you basically wipe it over stuff two
shower gels we've got the energy bank
shower gel so this is the starting a day
to get you in the mood you know waking
you up and this is one to get you sleepy
at night oh my word the sleep plus plus
pillow spray i think i'm up using that
boy tonight obviously i'm a boy so i
don't really expect to be given these
hair products as well you don't expect
boys to have this kind of stuff but you
know we do it helps trust me there's no
shame in investing in you know like bath
bath oils and that kind of stuff i think
it's important i think it's good it hope
if it helps you relax you know i think
it i think it's good all but before i go
