excited about this job today because I'm
working with HomeSense and I thought I
would do like a real-time whole / vlog
never got around to buying
so when home sets approach me to work
than one this video I was like oh my god
this is great because now I can get all
the little bits that I need that I just
haven't got around to getting because I
feel like almost two years now and
there's just still like bits and pieces
if you've not heard a coma since I'm
sure most of you have if you haven't
there's there like a big brand I think
they have them in the States as well but
they're quite a big homo brand and I
didn't realize that part of TK Maxx so
if you like TK Maxx home I've got one
really near to me a TK Maxx home and
it's amazing so they're not a brand
they're just a store and they basically
like buying home where stuff like all
year round it's all different brands so
they have they're really good for like
quite actually kind of one-off pieces
like big pieces like a chair or like a
statue or a big pot you know like those
kind of one-off like statement things
that you want in your house but you can
also get like everyday stuff like
glasses place kitchenware duvet covers
all that kind of stuff it's really good
quality stuff as well as being like
discounted which is amazing especially
for home where so saying that when
you're in somewhere like home since it's
one of those places where if you see
something you have to get it there and
then because they're not going to have
loads of it it's going to be either a
one-off or only a few of that item
because of the way that they buy so it's
very much if you go there and you see
something you like just get it because
you probably won't get it and I went
there ages ago and I did see this chair
but it was like 300 pounds so I didn't
the market for that I was like it's so
cheap I just have to I could not resist
so we'll start off with something very
boring and mundane coat hangers can
never have too many coat hangers these
are kind of velvety ones these are more
so I got a couple more because they're
really good for kind of soup and noodles
and things like that I just really like
the pattern of these so this was only
399 and it's getting into winter it's
really good for like stews and stuff
anything and that was $2.99 again I
really like the pattern of it it's got a
different one on the outside and it has
inside I really loved this kind of
asian-inspired China well China where is
pillow this is actually for home to me
it's very particular about his pillows
so we've picked him up a new one this
would have been fifty pounds but I got
it for $24.99 how good is that then we
have more bedding
I bought this was just to do makeup it's
not the pattern was quite nice this
would have been 249 pounds and it was
first no 99 I can't really argue with
that and you can see it's got a pattern
on it but it's not to like anything too
garish I suppose in the bedroom I like
glass bars I thought this was really
nice this was $7.99 and I thought I
might put it in the bathroom and try and
get a really big like palm to put in it
cuz I thought that would look really
nice in there I also bought this planter
which was $7.99 I'm very into
houseplants I thought this one was
really nice I really like the pattern on
it because it's got this kind of a it's
not a statement but it's got a pattern
on it but it's not to like garish okay
this is the thing I'm most excited about
one of these crochet poops I've seen
these on Pinterest and Instagram on all
the home accounts I follow every one
every one for ages and I'm so excited
when I saw it because it's just watch
and it was $49.99 but doesn't say what
the price it would have been but I know
that these are pretty expensive if it's
not clear what it is it's a footstool
but this is what's good about home since
it's got these kind of but as you can
see like everyday things and then there
is some kind of really unique like
standout pieces now I've got the task of
enjoyed this kind of like funny
real-time vlog hole type thing I'll link
everything down below including the home
sensor website they've got a store like
H on there so you can find the nearest
one to you once again thank you so much
for watching thank you to HomeSense as
well of course for working with me on
this video
