it so I put this new lovely like
hardback bound book it's a really sweet
story and it's all about love so it's
really fitting for Valentine's Day so I
was thinking this would be a really
lovely gift for them or this would also
be a really nice gift to get from the
kids to maybe daddy
so that daddy didn't like read it to
them and stuff like that but yeah it's
got really lovely wording in it and the
boys regularly like stretch out
see I love you this much or I love you
to the moon and back because that's kind
of like the wording in this book as well
and I'll show you what I've written it
inside whenever I buy a book as a
present for someone I always like
personal message inside it because I
think that's like a Remo keepsake and
then every time you go back to read that
book it has like the wording in the
front cover so I'll show you so this is
it here and then when you open it up I
just written to Jackson Caleb and Fraser
I love you right up to the moon and back
love mommy and daddy and I put
Valentine's Day 2017 not than that and
then I've also got them to guess how
much I love you coloring book which also
has stickers in it Caleb in particular
is really into is coloring at the moment
so I saw that with you perfect for him
I'll do a link in the description bar
below of this book and also the coloring
books as well if you want to go and
check it out for Valentine's Day we have
loved it it's always been favored in our
house but I want to show you that my
