family and so I've started just buying
little stocking stuffers and some of
them are so freaking at gorgeous so the
first one I'm really really excited
her and they are mermaid makeup brushes
I don't think these are like the best
quality brushes you'll ever get in your
life I absolutely love Real Techniques
they're the ones I use all the time but
if you're like the preteen or a teenager
or are you just really freaking like
mermaids at my friends Kayle Kayle if
this myself and for her I also picked
her up some chunky unicorn at glitter
there we go and I really like it because
it's got like the actual big chunks I've
four-year-old cousin I bought galaxy
slime because as we discovered last week
kids love slime look at that I won't
take outs it's for them but galaxy slime
galaxy slime
it is so slimy and galaxy and so I just
