before and I'm wearing this sweater from
Urban Outfitters it says oh hi there and
I'm on my new ASOS jeans with my address
trainers and I'm wearing stripy socks
because I just don't want cold ankles
and I feel like I can get away with it
because ok so we're just waiting for
Nero to arrive and then this morning
we're going to go meet Debs
and pull and go to Deb's as dad's bakery
so the bakeries in East London it's
called ring cops bakery and they've had
it in their family for like 150 years so
it's amazing delicious baked goods so
we're going to go and scoff our faces
bakery rink off the famous for their
amazing bagels and crow dough's which is
like a doughnut and a not a comput cross
on we're going to have a look around in
the bakery I mean what it smells amazing
brioche buns
mmm mmm oh my god Anna would die and so
much bread everywhere we're gonna walk
Street I was there yesterday I found
this shop I really really like Harley my
soaks kits eighth and everything was
made kashmir and they're like really
cool shapes and there's a shirt that i
just haven't stopped thinking about this
yesterday so my go take a look and
this is the shop get a to see that I
went into yesterday and I want to go
into again look how pretty it is this is
the shirt that I'm going to try on I
really like it because it is detailed
but expensive so let's see the looks
good
and these are the clip-on things you can
clip onto the glasses to make them
sunglasses I have these they're amazing
something else coming I think the
shooting was delicious as usual anywhere
did you like your first assumed
just looking around box Park I've coming
through the one-piece door and there's a
marble onesie
oh my god I need this in my life
oh really cool oh what's that
don't ask oh my gosh look at these
doughnuts and there's many ones that'll
I'd be saying that we need in London
mini donuts
we're getting a selection of six of the
mini donuts nivas gone for the pink one
so we're going to go to the urban food
festival which is like an outdoor food
going to dirty burger instead I say he
like I'm not gonna get anything you're
right you so you're gonna get so dirty
top is from Urban Outfitters it's cheap
Monday it's really nice and thick and I
tried it on it really nice this grey top
is also from Urban Outfitters it's
really like slouchy and comfortable it's
got like a nice low Z and then I also
got this from cause and I was going to
get it in the black or the navy blue I
tried on the pink just for size and I
actually really liked the pink I never
wear the sort of color it's like a blush
pink it's basically a really nice thick
sweater and then it's got this like
shirt section that's attached to it
which looks like it's gonna get really
Creasy
do my mascara I wanted to show you guys
this mascara because I'm loving it at
the moment
it's the Estee Lauder sumptuous knockout
for so I love the packaging as I waited
and amazing but this is so good for days
where you want slightly more natural
lashes but they really define and make
them really long let me see if I can
show you the brush this is the brush so
it's like one of those plasticky ones
but it's so so good I love it I'm
wearing Clinique lipliner in intense
blush which is really nice contra see in
this light you see better now
so this is the new top I bought from
Urban Outfitters yesterday which I love
the fit and the thickness of it it's so
comfortable
and I'm really enjoying the high neck at
the moment and these are my Asus jeans
head to Liberty I go her some Rococo
chocolate almonds because she loves
almonds and back at my parents house now
because I will show you these are the
culottes I bought from Topshop the other
day
very scary purchase but I liked them and
then actually I think you saw the other
have two pairs of black Jamie jeans
exactly the same but I just wear them so
often is worth having two and then one
to go out I am way my ripped Jamie jeans
and the new top that I got from Urban
Outfitters I love this really amazing
