I've got cuz I literally love this
foundation oh man I've been wearing
almost every day so that's why I had a
and but I am going to show you really
quickly what I've used because Jo Malone
has brought out this new shower gel and
it amazing I got the shower this morning
it's lime basil and Mandarin and it's an
exfoliating shower gel has realized that
I needed it this morning and if you guys
love the lime basil mandarins now
literally I used on my hair GNC which
looking greasy and these Bramley shampoo
and conditioners and when they come into
focus they are amazing I look to them at
first I actually got send these and I
was like not sure open the bottle
Oh My lordy Lord it's literally amazing
and they are made like with British
countryside and ingredients and their
lemon Mandarin and rosemary oh my gosh
my hair
smells ridiculous it is amazing
sunny and I went a little bit of a glow
and I've used the drops of glow
illuminator by the body shop I love body
shop makeup I love all their
illuminators and highlighters and
they're really pretty so I just put a
couple of drops on which is actually
really really nice so that's my makeup
and I've got my June wedges on which I
have worn almost every single event and
then I've got the Juicy Couture bracelet
and my Daniel Wellington watch which I
have been also wearing all the time with
a love it and invisible just my hair
because if it gets too hot when bored
and ready
