nights here and you guys honestly I'm
just totally loved I'm totally at peace
totally in love totally happy with the
whole thing like I just couldn't be
happier honestly so there wasn't really
arriving next week I literally got this
table this table is so amazing on
actually novel it was like 80 pounds
from eBay my gorgeous fake flowers and
my amazing sofa I've already had so many
questions about this sofa and from my
Instagram story yesterday this sofa is
actually from gum tree I'll leave the
link in the description box below but it
was 330 pounds guys 330 pounds including
delivery all the way from London I'll
take this throw off just so you guys can
see what it looks like how amazing is
that you know I mean think they're foam
cushions so they last longer it's just
so amazing it's like a crushed velvet
beautiful beautiful so far I love it so
much brand-new amazing coffee table from
bnm it actually has an LED light on it
like that which I just turned on yeah I
got this beautiful rug which is from
HomeSense it was so cheap it was like 50
pounds I want to say we've got the whole
there this is my gorgeous amazing mirror
which I'm just totally a hundred million
percent of cest boo I cannot get enough
of this mirror I'm telling you right now
this mirror is from Hollywood mirrors it
is just incredible it makes the room put
this beautiful chair from home sense I
think I was about sixty pounds my
gorgeous velvet trunk which is from the
top drawer my ring light then this other
beautiful mirror which is obviously
