iced latt√© oh my gosh these are amazing
so nice I love Bailey's I love iced
coffee I do what for an iced coffee
company so that's inevitable last days
of my favorite so yeah right I love
these I'm very happy to find those in
Tesco and then I've got new I am back in
price tag but I did pick up a really
pretty dress in Zara which I'm going to
wear Saturday's my friend's birthday
it's white and lacy and it's really nice
so I'm glad I got found something
real Greek actually really really lovely
and the outside area was like really
probably summery and it's good that it
could be my dessert was a bit nurse I
I just didn't envision spending that
money on a dress today but it looks so
nice on me and so it is just a white
lace dress but what's really nice is
it's got um I scooped back so that that
goes off at the top and is it open back
for you wear it with no bra and honestly
it looked so pretty on I couldn't help
myself you know when you try something
on and you just feel really pretty in it
kind of like that and it's payday today
ah oh ok hold on soap & Glory sent me
mini versions of sugar crush because I
love it I actually have a body cream
