lot so very kindly let me pick whatever
I wanted off their website but I
upgraded a few bits in the house that
needed replacing either because they
were broken or they were just very very
old I'm also filming on a new camera
right now which are
very as well I picked out a few things
that would give my work life and my home
life a bit of a boost and upgrade so in
a way this talk will kind of have a bit
of a home within it because you'll get
to see the naughty items that I got from
very and throughout the blog and I was
I'll link everything in the description
letter always do anything you see be it
close via these items I'm showing you
from very anything we'll be linked in
the description and now one good thing
about this new coffee machine is that I
can actually fit these mugs underneath
why I upgraded to the Canon 700d they
look pretty much identical this one is a
little bit lighter but I cannot tell you
how glad I am that I got this for two
lifesaver for me it saved me so much
time when it comes to filming all my
little cutaways for my videos but the
other features I'm happy about is the
fact it has touch screen I can now touch
on the screen to what I want to focus on
which again just makes life so much
easier it makes filming so much quicker
so if I've got the camera in front of me
here I can flip the screen round and I
can just change the settings here on the
screen rather than having to fiddle
around with them here yeah it's
basically same camera but I can use
touch screen and it has autofocus while
still meant those two little things just
make my life so much easier
I'm so so happy with it I am going to
I'm so much happier with this one we can
fit so much more into this fridge
freezer it's so much more organized and
so I just really like what they look
like we've got them a couple of weeks
ago and I've been cooking with them
every single day
they're such good quality and then
actually nonstick it is just completely
up my cooking game I'm in a void of
so much - very for collaborating with me
I'm always so grateful to work with
brands I love and use its system it's a
bonus
working with people that you love hope
