of popped this little outfit here gray
and yellow and white and it's got a
little tiny hippo Nobu and and the
leggings have bows and this is for size
six months just you know like this and
that only cost $9.99 which I thought was
a lovely full outfit that they're all
there so at six months will be in summer
so that would be perfect for her and
you'll see a theme to all of me I
thought this little outfit for $9.99 as
well similar to the other one it's got
the little headband does that have a bow
on it as well I don't get it yet if it
also ordered a couple of bits on not on
the high street like some other dinosaur
themed things so hopefully she'll really
enjoy opening all her very mature
dinosaur things I actually think that
she will like this and they we're out
to do now I've ordered a tricky little
Pete's a little Friday lunchtime pizza I
get the thin base with veggie supreme
with extra olives which sounds like when
you say all that but it's
delicious yes I would love it if you
