heading to Croatia split today to go on
a feeling holiday with Mozilla sales but
all operated job ladies greater Turkey
Greece and Italy people aged 20 to 35
the last year did briefing it's the most
amazing trip ever
ahoy mate Croatia this is the discovery
route like I said there's two routes
become amazing it looks so exciting we
get emotional about it but I just felt
like it was such an experience and I
feel very blessed that I'm able to take
you with me and show you what a meso
strips all about so now I've done till I
feel like I've hopefully done it justice
and you can see exactly what the kind of
thing is it's like I'm going to lead the
website linked below along with their
social unity we're going to check them
out 2018 prices normally come up at the
end of the summer like boot up or
September October time so if you want to
book for next year then I'll link that
below for you and I think that's pretty
much bit like I said that this probably
not gonna be my last met sailors and
it's not one last time I talked about it
so I will do that Q&A while going to
more depth and stuff but I will
absolutely amazing really great
experience and I just yeah I'm going to
love and leave you please do follow me
