time for exciting thing number two in
this video and this I'm ever since I've
been sorting this thing out I've been so
so excited you know in youtubers or when
today I don't even know how this has
become a thing I like you all know that
I'm good friends with Jamie Oliver and
Jamie has got a new book out one minute
let me put you guys out here it's up on
my shelf in my kitchen you may have seen
that I've had this book for a while this
is Jamie Oliver's new book gave me all
of her five ingredients quick and easy
food as seen on Channel four this dude
here this is my mate Jamie Oliver I've
long story short penguin the publishers
of this book here penguin asked me if I
wanted to cook some recipes from the
book in a video and I was like oh of
course of course a bloomin do so via
text and Jamie been like oh I'm working
with your book like I'm working with
your book and you're my mate and like
this is crazy
so penguin said we're happy for you to
just do whatever you think whatever
works with you and I said okay let me
