cooker for tonight it is a simply beef
and lamb recipe from their website will
put the link below to that it's a pepper
pot of students really nice I've been
working with simply beef and lamb on
their slow food campaign which is
they're trying to get people to slow
down from their busy lives kind of cook
more slowly think about a slow food
movement which if you know anything
about it was like a movement that
started in Italy and it was kind of and
I antidote to fast food just getting
people to make think about where their
food comes from a bit more and yes so
that inspired us to have this like slow
restful day and I found it really hard
all in here for my and pepper potts to
which is on this simply beef and lamb
website which I will link to below for
you to go and find the recipe if you'd
like to make it yourself obviously show
you later what it looks like when it's
finished but it already smells amazing
thank you for watching today and if you
want to find the recipe that I made
there's a link below and also writing a
blog post with tips for how to slow down
when you are addicted to being busy like
me and i will link that below as well
