went to London grace which is my fav
nail salon here in Clapham and we both
got manis so very very happy with my new
nails I went for the shade called Coco
which is like a brownie pink
I felt be really nice for autumn their
manicures just last me so long the last
one I had on for like 4 weeks and I only
had to get her a face because of
regrowth so highly recommend that so
one which is called bear this is the new
crushed lip color which apparently is
very hydrating it's got vitamins and
beeswax in there so really good for this
time of year I feel like quite a lot of
this is their blank or Blanc white short
set and I'm just such a huge fan of silk
pajamas I feel like you feel so amazing
when you go to sleep in such beautiful
material and then it's got a navy
stitching or navy hem around the collar
a little bit of detail on the chest here
I think that's retails for under 50
pounds of sets I believe I will leave a
link down below so you can have a look
for yourself but very affordable for how
high-quality it feels and then it's
little pair of shorts as well so thank
you very much
diary oh my god it's getting to that
time of year I'm so excited to see this
oh that is so cute oh my gosh so this is
a 2018 diary and they have put my
initials jf down in the bottom there I
so gorgeous very sleek as well in the
gray I would normally again go for pink
but because I wear so much pink maybe
it's a little bit more chic that I gave
something a bit more neutral just as
yours expect lots and lots of space for
your appointments I've actually had kqk
Diaries in the past and loved them so
thank you very much for sending that
that will be very very well used in the
next year and months what is in here
adorn gift enjoy wearing boo so a door
is a brand that is like a sister brand
to Swarovski I worked with them a little
bit last Christmas and I love their
designs and I was very excited to see an
email from them asking me to pick a
favorite piece and I chose oh my gosh
it's even more beautiful in real life
this beautiful bangle it's um not sure
off my camera will focus on it but there
we go so it's like a layer of clear
Swarovski crystals and then a layer of
pinky ones in this rose gold band it
looks so beautiful I look like an
what is this Clinique post summer
Thursday skin and discover 24/7
hydration with Moisture Surge I'm such a
huge fan of such a huge fan of Moisture
Surge something else that is
this month's Birchbox which is in
collaboration with oliver Bono's really
beautiful little box let's have a look
on what is in side so we have got a
little mini Clinique you take the day
off cleansing balm that it's gonna be
very very handy for upcoming holidays I
always find these boxes so good for
trouble minis and that is just an
amazing one manuka dog beauty fantasy
blush that's a really beautiful shade
and then we've got icy magic instant eye
contour energizer from polar dr. pawpaw
original multi-purpose balm and this one
is an aero boost I think this is one of
that yea color enhancing lip balms so
this changes color depending on the
color of your lips to find the most
flattering shade got some little oliver
bonus stickers and some ooh and 15% off
your next order to oliver bonus a nice
little voucher in there as well love it
when two of my favorite brands get
together that's a really nice
collaboration and such a cute little box
amount from Viktor and Rolf which
probably my favorite fragrance of all
time is flower bottom they have so
kindly sent the perfumed body lotion and
for me applying a body lotion with the
fragrance is such a nice way of making
it last a lot longer and stronger this
is the shower gel and then also these
two little boxes with their travel mini
so that's going to be very handy for my
Hamburg might pop that in my fashion we
come back for tomorrow so thank you very
much to Victor and roll and then
Catherine Daniels and this was probably
one of the first brands I tried when I
started testing out skincare on my blog
and I loved their products this is their
new instant effect I mask which promises
a 70% reduction in wrinkles 80%
revitalize skin and 80% plumped up skin
so that sounds amazing
oh my goodness looks like something out
of Moulin Rouge so he's got this leg
design coming out the lid beautiful pink
coloured fragrance that's how chef it's
kind of like a sweet floral fragrance I
would say but then as you wear a little
bit longer it gets a little bit more
musky very very nice I think that's
definitely gonna be a nice one of for
autumn and this packaging really really
cool big fan of that and then the last
also that scandal now that it's sunken
is so lovely I feel like is a little bit
sweet to start with but now I've been
wearing it for a few minutes it just
smells absolutely gorgeous and typically
