feeling very good today because we have
been commissioned by BBC Worldwide as
part of the real Happiness Project to
get out in nature at a later you know
you're going to go out there's studies
that show that you know being out in
nature can make you feel more relaxed
can help leave stress help with anxiety
and actually a lot of us I'm not getting
out as much as you possibly can so we're
it is crazy just I'm I work with BBC
worldwide we want to encourage you guys
to get out and about even if you don't
do it that often like we don't just get
out there in nature take some shots and
beautiful imagery and share it with a
hashtag real happiness for a chance to
be shared on the BBC earth page which is
very cool also if you take some footage
you can upload it on the website or on
the app which will have some links in
the description bar to be featured on a
special BBC earth film so go check that
out if you're something you're
interested in and get involved we're
yeah before I go and do that I'm going
to encourage you guys to go and check
out the BBC earth unplugged YouTube
channel and have a link in the
description box down below and a video
called nature makes you happy really
good video there's even research that
suggests watching nature shows can make
you feel more relaxed and happier so if
you didn't have enough reasons to go
watch it now you do okay
