on so I'm wearing here a scarf I'll
start off with that this is a nice
little eternity scarf that I have
and it's just really comfortable really
underneath my scarf I have on this just
simple cotton shirt from H&M and it has
a pocket right here it's in color
mustard yellow it kind of makes a kind
of blends in like it kind of washes me
it's not a big deal and then I have also
a cardigan and it's a polka-dotted
cardigan as you guys can see right there
I'm kind of trying to show you the the
pattern I'm sure you guys have seen this
in my previous videos because this is
one of my favorite cardigans and I got
this from urban outfitters in case
my jacket that is has a faux fur right
here and it's just super comfortable and
keeps me warm and yeah that's that and
and then for my jeans right here i'm not
sure if you guys can see but i got these
from lucky brand they are called the
Dean jeans and I have on my shoes
