I would vlog and we quickly show you
what I'm wearing I'm wearing my new mom
jeans from Urban Outfitters with the
Pinstripe these sandals are from jigsaw
and then this jump is from whistles
necklaces on my soma and I fix I'm Chloe
I'm starting the day at Selfridges I'm
going to the body studio because they
kindly invited me in to pick peace
swimwear I'm going to Lisbon next week
so I can do is like a flattering bikini
or swimming costume because I don't
guys look how amazing this VIP changing
room is I'm in here it's huge
stuff and have a look and I have a huge
bag here to go through they've got some
washi tape and some badges and a really
cute planner and this is like a weekly
planner
I like the palm print drives like how
fun this is a whole box of Real
Techniques sponges I mean I thought
these sliders from Topshop because I was
on a shoot last week and the stylist was
wearing them they're only 20 pounds and
I just feel really cool and they're
really comfortable so I've been wearing
those all day okay what's in here the
I found the really nice stuff there's
one on Oxford Street actually it was
really good for onch
to white dresses I'm going to list for
next week
so I thought it'd be nice to have some
summery dresses this is just number one
strappy like thin straps that have to
wear strapless bra with it and then
buttons all the way down it kind of
cinches in at the way so it's got these
big pockets and it's kind of MIDI
lengths so that was really nice like a
nice cotton white dress this one's a
little bit see-through but I sort of so
cute it's kind of more like a beachy
dress it's off the shoulder kind of a
white cotton linen II style with a blue
stripe buttons all the way down and it
kind of phrase out at the bottom I'm
terrible at describing clothes it also
has a wrap and I just thought that was
nice and summery I also picked these up
from at the gleam office they are
Libya's kitchen Bicky bombs and I really
like them I thought which would like
them too although I can feel that they
this is a swimming question I got from
Selfridges I'm so in love with it from a
brand called Melissa oughta bash in that
please say it with a pound you like the
Rolls Royce of swimming costume this is
what it looks like it's strapless but I
just realize it does come with a strap
which is great I didn't realize that
it's so soft guys I can't even explain
to you I was in earlier I never normally
go for strapless but I want to have
something a bit different and I thought
it was really frustrating actually stays
up like perfectly
maybe not if I'm like running down the
beach but I won't be running down the
beach I thought it was really special
and as it was a gift I thought why not
go to something really nice this is like
way more than I would normally spend on
a swimming costume so I'm really happy
with that that's about it I got said a
it's the Hydra mousse that is a fake tan
I don't understand how that's a fake tan
mousse I'm so intrigued by this
so I definitely want to try that out and
that's everything I think I'm going to
