I've been recently using this keels eye
cream and you put it on in the morning
at night and I just feel really like
good after I put it on oh I'm going to
I'm just having this frickin amazing
granola if you love shop right or go to
shop right um get this granola cause
it's literally so good and so simple
um but yeah so I'm just gonna have some
okay so I'm wearing a really cute Zara
um overall dress maybe um it's really
cute it just has buttons down the front
as you can see and then this t-shirt is
also from Zara
I really got for $15 and I cannot stop
wearing it and then I'm sure you guys
from Anthropologie also it's just so
cute I love like the little style of it
oh my gosh okay hi guys so I'm back and
I got freaking three boxes of Angus mac
and cheese because I'm not even kidding
when I say that's all light
this mac and cheese so and Annie's is my
favorite so got that and then um Clif
bars were on sale so I've literally got
five four five Clif bars
I got blueberry crisp white chocolate
macadamia nut peanut toffee buzz which
I'm so excited about um chocolate
brownie and chocolate almond fudge so
basically the most dessert flavors you
could get I got marinara sauce because I
and now from urban I got my friend a
little note book because it's her
birthday this week look at how cute it
is
jersey with Kathleen de Lisa she has her
own store now which is so freakin cute
and it's called um ludo bitch Vica I'm
so sorry if I'm pronouncing it wrong but
um super super cute stuff I'll link it
below so I got this amazing
bodysuit and it's off the shoulder which
is so cute
look at how cute this is and it just
buttons all the way down it's so perfect
