is just the Estee Lauder CC cream which
isn't really anything it just gives me a
bit of like color and a bit of glow and
it's like perfect for no makeup days
Fuji film XT
to camera with me which most of my
Instagram photos at the moment I've been
taking them on that camera and I really
really like it I would definitely
recommend it especially over the what's
the other camera there like all the
bloggers use Olympus ten it's like a
hundred times better but I think it's
also a lot more expensive it's like the
same price as a proper proper camera but
yeah I really like it it's so great but
Wi-Fi as well so it's perfect for
Instagram photos because I can just take
a load of photos and then when we sit
down have lunch or something I can just
Wi-Fi them over to my phone and edit
them on there this is the Loreal cushion
some new sunglasses but I've never felt
this way about sunglasses I swear I love
them and they are perfect there was a
oh this jumper was from ASOS like a year
ago people always ask me when I wear it
but it's like super cozy a car believe
candle well it smells amazing
it's got plum blossom freesia freesia
and apple really really nice it's very
like autumnal candle hmm my Asus parcel
and show you guys what I got one jumper
from whistles it's black it's got gold
buttons it looks like this it's kind of
high neck we will see what and then
second thing is from weekday oh this is
very soft I'm glad about that this is
from weekday and it's a little kind of
mint drop shoulder jumper so I'm gonna
try these on decide which one to keep
hopefully not both that is for video I'm
give it away I've used the evader
purifying scalp cleanser before this is
the one I usually use and I'm much
prefer it it's just it's like a shampoo
it feels like a shampoo but it purifies
your scalp and gives it good cleanse and
it's much easier to use than I can
