bought for Hannah and it's all from
Tesco or Asda Cheska so this pack of
t-shirts but she's already got by the
way but he picked it up anyway because
he forgot love me and then a Mickey
Mouse dress but girl oh sorry Minnie
Mouse the girl doesn't even know who
that is but it's okay and then this
which is cute actually
handy for summer this is also cute
little pineapple playsuit thing pair of
stretchy jackin and a packet of key
phoned up and booked myself in for a
hair appointment at color nation London
which is a hairdressers just off Oxford
Street and basically they've got a
women's only room at the back where they
do like you know hey jebby here or just
any woman who wants a bit more privacy
like that it's called on Boheme oh look
literally a rucksack so they're just two
straps the baby goes in the sling on the
back so it goes into like a seat babies
in it on the back two straps on the news
have a chest strap just like you would
do the rock side I tried Halloween about
three or four times the first two times
she was like get me out of here and the
third or fourth time we're just
strolling around the garden and she was
she was okay from a brand called skull
it's an Indian brand India's biggest
baby wearing brand so this is what it
looks like they go
