it's amazing we're very relaxed we're at
lime wood hotel which is incredible I'm
going to show you around there is
definitely one of the nicest hotels I've
stayed at it's like being in somebody's
very posh country house but we're going
hungry today I have got one and a half
hour massage and then I've got facial
later on in the day really kindly
organised by pi skincare if you read my
website you'll have heard me mention
them loads over the years because
they're just brilliant for sorts of
sensitive sensitized skin that doesn't
tolerate many products and I first
discovered it when I was modeling loads
and my face just used to get really sore
if I was doing a beauty shoot and
wearing less makeup so yeah they stock
their products in the spa here and they
also do treatments and so they've
organized for me to have some which is
just the most amazing treat so that's
