us at so Ella's winter wonderland and
it's like a bauble that's full of snow
like fake snow I really love it anyway
that's all I know
fitting with this video I ordered these
from Matalin they are Santa Paws pet
socks
I mean how cute they were three pounds
and they will fit on Nana's little feet
they're so cute
and then you come around here we've got
a few more bits and pieces here I'll
give you a little sneak peek some of
them this makes me so excited bar fizzes
hand cream little cracker and then we
have a bar absolutely full of fake snow
we've got some little Dead's in there
some stockings and then we've got some
other bits around yeah and some round
here then you've got the massive snow
globe which you can get inside take some
boomerangs have a fun time got some
candles lit it smells incredible in here
and then over this side you've got the
lifestyle which I'm so excited I can
finally share with you so we've got
notepads little pencil case a calendar I
don't want to show you too much because
I'm going to do a video separately on
all these things some nice little sets
some candles we have a sleigh area here
