got and then get filming outfit today is
this kind of distressed like jumper from
new look I wear this all the time I love
it just a great t-shirt and my new kind
of shiny leggings from a source really
comfortable old Primark studded shoes
and Mike Atkinson shopping bag and my
miss oh my necklace as well which a lot
quickly show you what I'm wearing I'm
wearing my new Topshop jeans I think the
journey jeans with rips my new look
train is so I'm wearing this top which
is really pretty it's got like floaty
sleeve and a sports bra my misery
necklace here and then I've got this
cardi from ASOS and this bag from boohoo
which it fits like everything in for the
day and I've got like two portable
I know them let's see so these
the bits I picked up they're all
Christmas and Halloween limited edition
ones I'm pretty sure and I was so
excited to get some of these earlier
than they're released picked up one of
my in fact this might be my all-time
favorite luxury lush hood because it
looks insane in the bath I've done a
demo of this one this one and also this
one so I'll leave a link to those lush
demo videos below so you can see what
they look like in the bath using an
underwater camera
this is monsters ball again one of my
favorites shoot for the stars this is my
favorite smell of all time it's the lush
honey I washed the kids I love that so
much then I think this one is
thunderstorm I think I'm not sure but it
smells quite minty but like sweet mint
oh this is a Snow Fairy one it smells
exactly like Snow Fairy this was the one
I picked up at the till and I was like I
cannot not have that because I've never
used it before and then I also had a
they're mainly life so bit I got this
little mug which I love I would have
bought this anyway so I'm really happy
about it it's a cozy vibes mug like
emerald green inside with like gold
polka dot detailing all available from
boots as well at the moment her
cute bento station kind of stationary
set I love the idea of a bento box so
this has like a notepad washi tape but
some really cute and paper clips pencils
Ella body mist and it smells really
great it's not your typical like winter
festive fragrance it's a really kind of
fresh version but I really like it I'd
urge you to go and sniff this in
superdrug if you can and then I was also
lucky enough to get some bits from my
facial sea fusion cleanser which they
used on me
for my facial and it smells amazing
going for food we went to Andina in
Shoreditch and we just ordered like
loads of dishes and shared them oh that
I need to go to that restaurant again
the food is delicious it's a really nice
