seen that I bought some bits from
machine or sheet in and these are
actually perfect for Marrakech because
they're likely to like lacy cardigans
with a little tie on them and they're
just great because you can add them over
anything to cover yourself up a bit so
I've got that then I've got a couple
here as well and I love them I think
they're great so I'm gonna be taking
some of these just to throw on over kind
of everything else I'm wearing
nice pictures as well this one is so
pretty it's kind of
embroidered like floral pattern on it I
will leave links to some of these down
below if any of you are interested okay
in the wash and I'm wearing out which I
am definitely keeping so I've worn these
and not stopped since getting them but
forgot how much I loved these these also
from Topshop they're Lee jeans I didn't
like the pattern of them when they were
kind of sitting in the drawer but now
I've tried them on especially with this
top as well I think they look really
cool so I'm definitely keeping these and
now that I remembered that I've got them
I'm definitely gonna wear them often I'm
year I saw Jesus Christ Superstar at the
regents park open air theater and I fell
in love it was just so simple but so
beautiful that the song just came alive
more and I absolutely loved it so it was
the third time I saw it last night with
my mom and sister they both loved it too
and it's closing soon if you have a
chance please go and see it before it
ends because it's just incredible it's
got like a real rock vibe to it the
choreography is just incredible it's
very like contemporary and my favorite
thing about it is instead of blood they
use glitter so it's beautiful to watch
I came over it's from methi Zara so I
see the see-through crochet it's really
cute then I've got my glitter which as
it adds a little bit something got it
clear plastic bag I'm gonna take this as
my SPF and then I've also got a little
SPF 50 as well their shampoo conditioner
hair oil stuff like that after Sun this
is a great after Sun if anyone's after
