I'd show you some of the bits that we
got look how cool this is
and last night when it was all dark it
changes color this pumpkin
it was projecting it all onto the
ceiling somehow I don't know it was just
sick and then we've got we had a happy
Halloween thing we got this skeleton
here which we didn't name but I just
thought he was cool because you can just
like change his shape and you can make
him stand up and everything go these
little spiders around here we got this
which is just awesome look at this
there's a just a massive blow-up pumpkin
you guys down here and show you my
favorite thing so this here is like a
backpack that you put on you will see
what's so cool in a second it takes like
a minute or something to do and then
look at this look at this it's so sick
this video and I want to shout out a
massive thank you to as they're having
me tonight and making the night so
awesome
so if you want to go check out their
Halloween stuff and everything I leave a
link down below to all their stuff and
