you now this is the Kinder Bueno and
then there's also came to bueno white I
need both hands to over there so this is
what you get inside you get two bars but
an individually wrapped is really happy
i love how you meet there because the
bars are really thin you can wake up
little squares if you wanted to you can
see the milk chocolate covered wafer in
the middle the different kind of tastes
and textures mixed together is like oh
my gosh it's like heaven it's so so good
you get like the milk chocolate plus the
wafer plus the creamy nut filling it
literally all melt in your mouth and
it's like so so so delicate by indulgent
and so thank you so much for kinder
bueno pushing me outside my comfort zone
today giving me a really fun and
different Monday and it's been such a
treat literally to collaborate with such
an amazing brary yeah you see what I did
that you see I've literally loved every
minute of today including the eating and
the driving I'd basically loved it also
it's been a really fantastic day and I
