excited because very dr. dot uk' are
taking me to the x-factor live shows now
I have been watching it every single
week this year so I know all of the acts
and I cannot wait to see them perform in
real life and very have also been kind
enough to provide me with my outfit for
black but this is the dress and it's
this really lovely like knitted wool
navy blue dress with this really pretty
white scalloped edge collar and it's
also got the white cuffs as well it's
really nice and tight fitting it's long
sleeves it's wool it's really warm
it's just like the perfect winter dress
and I will definitely be wearing this on
tonight my whole outfit can be purchased
on vary code at UK and I will leave the
links to everything down below in the
description box very also offers a free
Next Day Delivery Service through
collect Plus which is amazing because
that's probably the one downfall with
online shopping is either paying for
delivery or choosing the free option but
having to wait like five to seven
working days that's the worst
is firstly this blouse which I
absolutely love it's so me it's just
like a lovely loose-fitting chiffon e
blouse and it has this beautiful
embellished collar with little flowers
with little beads and also you might not
be able to tell but it's got like a
double layer so it's just much nicer
than just having like it's going
straight down I love this because it's
really girly but still really cool at
the same time and then I've decided to
pair the blouse with this skirt which is
a lovely black denim high-waisted skirt
with the buttons going down the front
which is very very on-trend right now
very literally has a massive variety of
clothes to suit everyone it's basically
like an online Negus
there is so much and everything's really
on trend and qhorin and like I said just
variety for all different styles and I'm
favorite part of the outfit which is the
coat it's actually a cape but it's just
my favorite thing ever
it's amazing it's this black like faux
Pony skin okay the light is making it
really hard to show it on camera but you
will see it in the vlog it's just this
beautiful black like faux Pony skin cape
with a satin lining and it's just so so
super stylish and sleek you can
literally put this over anything it
would just make it look fantastic it's
so sophisticated I'm on a stage of
itching to get this on I love it so much
it just makes me feel like a movie star
is amazing and finally the shoes I'm
gonna be wearing today are these
beautiful black suede chelsea boots from
Miss kg and they are so lovely they're
slightly pointed but not too pointed I
really don't like pointy boots and a
little like Cuban heel and it's the
perfect heel height to me because I do
like to be a bit lifted and not wear
like fully flat boots and these like the
perfect heel height they're probably
about like one to two inches so enough
to give you a bit of a lift but not full
on wearing heels I absolutely love these
these are perfect for winter I'm not
going to take them off and obviously
today they're going to look amazing with
