contacted by how they fresh which are
food subscription service and they do
different packages but we were sent the
family rocks and that has four different
dinner dinners in it or like it's a
massive box and show you intersect all
of the may embed in everything that you
need for four different dinners and I'm
really excited about that so it's tied
in quite nice in this video so we're
going to cook one of the dinners tonight
so this is the box that it comes in I've
already opened it and put some of the
fresh stuff and everything away and and
it's absolutely massive and you get so
much in here so basically just open it
up everything's inside you get a fresh
thyme and you get your recipe card which
I will show you in a sec and as well as
everything else you get this which is
like a cool bag and it has all of the
meat and the dairy products and anything
that needs to stay cold or chilled and
so that all comes in about like that
resides packs and everything so that
even if you can't get it in straight
line like get it into your house or
you're not there and it arrives and it
doesn't have to be unpacked immediately
so I think that's really really good as
well
these are the recipe cards that we have
for this week and I think it's quite
exciting Israel to not know what meals
you're going to be having and what's
going to turn up and to maybe even
potentially just try something new and
just you know not always be stuck in the
same routine of the same nails and
things so this is what we have and our
options available for this week so we
have pan fried turkey steak and I love
the fact that they have like little
picture
is of all of the ingredients that you're
going to need downside and that one have
sausage and butter beans shoo we do like
to stew in this house I must say that
looks good this is a beef stir-fry
we love a stir-fry well and then
obviously the whole recipe and
ingredient list again is on the back and
this is a bed for a GU rigatoni which is
something that we don't usually have so
that looks quite interesting but
nevertheless we like all of these things
so that's good hello fresh has been
really kind and given my subscribers 25
pounds of their first box if you use the
closed on eBay though are these all the
information in the description box if
you would like to try a while but right
just finished cooking dinner you did a
little bit more make a little tiny baby
smells so delicious and the recipe was
really really easy to follow and quite
simple and I just like the fact that
make a really nice dinner I definitely
would recommend to those fresh now that
we've tried it I'm excited to have the
other three dinners and like I said I
will leave all of the information about
it in the box below with this special
code and Dolly Bravo to get twenty five
pounds of success order like I said
