your one that says hand-painted glasses
personalized glasses for any occasion
Karen Cummings and her you her email is
Karen with the K dot Cummings at sky.com
if you want to get personalized glass
oh okay okay how's it look in oh my gosh
smells delicious hmmm I don't know what
it is
it's called dikmen's and they're like
condoms which is a bit weird because
they're like kid sweets well these look
cool look at that and then a call ya
know is that the softest marshmallow
ever we have got one of the best German
chocolates with strawberries I'm finding
it's half past ten and I'm currently
watching Dragons Den on the sofa this
has always been one of my favorite
programs seeing new businesses
potentially get an investment by
professionals with tons of experience
and I just love seeing all of the
different ideas all of the different
businesses the people have come up with
