fresh food today so hellofresh is
sponsoring today's video we love how
fresh we like their food we like their
service and this is something we've been
so I'm really excited it is what we're
making today toasted brown rice bowl so
if you guys haven't heard us talk about
how fresh it's a meal kit delivery
service so we got this delivered to our
house in an insulated block we usually
get the veggie box when we're making
videos on this channel Parker doesn't on
his channel too so subscribe to a
channel but he gets to like classic
blocks or there's a family box if you
have a bigger group of people we usually
just get the veggie box for two people
you can do two people or four people
nice because it comes with the
step-by-step instructions we've shown
you guys with the pictures with your
super helpful all the ingredients are
fresh the meals are under 10
dollars each they always have new
recipes every week so it's nice because
we get to try something new step 1 wash
so this is fun like we love cooking
together just having something that kind
of makes you know makes you spend
quality time together we're like gives
you the opportunity to spend quality
time just doing something fun so it's
kind of about like the experience and
not just about like the foods that
you're making if you guys want to get
$30 off your first week of delivery is
it from at hellofresh you guys can go
cute hello fresh calm and enter the code
Aspen Parker's 30 so do that if you guys
want to try it we're going to get
started
