family day out so this video is going to
kind of be a vlog and kind of law
basically the lovely people at pampers
recently got in touch with us and asked
if Archie would like to try their new
baby dry pants which looked like this
and as a mum I have become very much
interested in nappies much more than I
ever have been before of course I look
like this and the difference with these
are they're actually like little pants
because they don't have the tabs on the
side so they're amazing for wrigley
babies would like to try and crawl away
from you or that don't like having then
up you put on you just literally pull
them up and you're done no sticking tubs
or anything we've been testing them out
for a little while they've been
brilliant at nighttime we've kind of
tested them on nights when Archie set
straight through seven till seven
sometimes even 72 I and I've been
amazing they haven't leaked which is a
nightmare I hate when that happens that
they've been really absorbent so that is
a big thumbs up in my book but what
pampers actually asked us to do was test
them on a day out so that's what we're
going to go and do today we've decided
day had by all for any mums and parents
out there wondering how the baby dry
pants did they're really good I'm
actually really impressed with them we
didn't have any leaks and there are
really easy to change in a public baby
changing facilities as well sorry for
anyone interested the size threes of the
baby dry pants are available exclusively
in tesco stores now an Tesco actually
having a really big baby event at the
moment so there's loads of great price
reductions and just a really good time
to stock up on things if you're
expecting or you've got a baby or
toddler so i'll put a link for that down
below as well if you're interested in
checking that out thank you so much for
