Mintos straw tastic I bought the from
Amazon not much money that's all and
they're just the best toy ever you love
them don't you yeah and she's making a
house we've got a firm solid structure
to it thank you over the top and make a
little den yeah pretty cool
sprinkle glitter this was from a shop in
Brighton called happy ology and they had
a 50% sale on so it wasn't 19 pounds it
was like nine pound fifty and it's is
really really sweet top with a double
peter pan collar which i think is really
nice and i thought it's been really nice
with skinny jeans it's very very thin
and then the back has this button
detailing and i like the way it finishes
at the bottom there there's it a little
t-shirt from Jules again I think this
was was this one in the sale probably no
this dress absolutely love I think I've
seen quite a bit of a portion for the
doggy Spotty's it has lime detailing
just there before it cracked so that was
nice and then finally this was another
detailing on and Suzi's I bought these
little shoes with my songs think that
absolutely gorgeous super cute and we'll
go with tons of things I also got her a
story about this room anything so this
is our favorite playing center it's
called the hub it's really cool and they
do actually really nice food fun for
jacketed pretty quite this many toppings
but I'm not upset about it okay
and you've got well you got fish fingers
and veggies and beans and chips yummy
well done
look at this amazing meal I've been
big problem today are wearing this
little dress from yours from their like
bumper collection and I really really
really love X it's so stretchy and the
I actually got new bedding and survived
mailing them
oh my god from general like they're they
are such it and they're soft and I'm
sure he saw see me love it sure you'll
