you them anyway first of all that there
is this really beautiful navy of the
shoulder top and in like a denim but
it's got a lot of boning in the material
here so when it's on it has a really 3d
ruffle effect which I thought was really
pretty really nice with a pair of white
jeans with some wedges very kind of
friendship
south of France style v such as oh it's
lovely
and then this is a pink lacy
on the jacket and if you guys know coast
and it's mostly kind of known for
bridesmaids dresses this is really fun
casual very kind of weekend brunching
style and capsule collection for them so
this is a beautiful color which as you
know I just love this is the same
material as the first top that I showed
you but it's actually a jumpsuit
I know insert both of it from the
website here because it really doesn't
do it justice showing you in like this
then I got two pairs of trousers so I've
never tried any trousers from coast
people but these are their jeans but
they have loads of elasticity so
incredibly comfortable they fit really
nicely and I got them in white and then
a gray color but this is a gray that
almost
pink in certain lights so really really
pretty and even 79 pounds and probably
most comfortable jeans
I think I've ever tried so really
looking forward to wearing my new bits
from coast I'll leave all of them linked
down below just in case you want to
check them out I know it's hard to
this is the Liz Earle skin Repair
moisturizer which I don't think I've
tried this one before I tried the one in
the tube but my skin still feels really
lovely and soft it's the last thing I
put on after the cleansing ritual I've
also got the gentle face exfoliator the
eye bright soothing eye notion which is
really soothing but also gets rid of eye
makeup so love this one I have a travel
version of this which was so good taking
with me on holiday and finally the super
skin lip balm which I mentioned in my
new in April Beauty launches video so
interview I deserve and this gorgeous
little pouch as well which is just so
handy to keep my bit from both in so I'm
