yes I keep keeping them in the box reven
I said scream was because I scream every
time I see bu thank oh my girls sorry
about squeals but I am in love so these
are my new shoes if you want to see like
a proper shoe review I've done like an
actual true of you I've never done that
before on my blog
of these because I am obsessive em guy
made a comment tonight and he was like
you know I know she is because I
literally warned them like every single
time I could possibly ever wear heels
they're like princess oh my god those
stain they are literally princess shoes
I'm obsessing them found a few different
versions these but they still have a few
sizes left of these on Luiza via Romans
I'll link them down below actually just
read my blog post pass and then you'll
see if they're the kind of shoe for you
these are honestly the most beautiful
shoes I think I've ever owned just to
put this in perspective you I've never
kept a shoe in a box before I always
take the box when I throw the Box away I
probably have countless messages and I
have never ever kept a shoe in a box
because just oh oh my gosh they're not
real
I mean those are never staying the light
keeps reflecting off some religious
themes
I mean imagine looking down at your feet
and seeing this oh my gosh
ones you don't like it this stuff is
unreal it is the envy organics gentle
Queen Samantha it is so good if you have
unhappy skin if you just need this in
your life
it is like hydrating and calming and
soothing and nourishing this is my third
one by the way this is a massive product
for me and then the rose hydrating mist
I use that as well and tonight I'm going
to use my glam Bloustein art which is
such a good overnight hydrator
I love it if you travel or you go on
long-haul flight you need that in your
life so we know why I'm sending
them but one goes think that Chanel
they're from I think it's like through
2016 and they have pearls around the
outside and I just think they're so
beautiful you won't have one they were
yeah look how beautiful these shoes are
these are Jimmy Choo and they have
about the front there's a pointy you
know I let my point so I'm going to try
these on and show you what they look
like these are the Jimmy two-shoes
that's so cute and pretty I love them I
love the bow sometimes I find the heel
on the Jimmy Choo a bit too low for me
but this is quite a nice heel you can
probably have they're so cute - so cute
have once dinner like this from hmm same
kind of stripes more of a winter dress I
loved it so much I wore all the time so
easy to wear and super flattering and
gorgeous and I was like this is like a
summer version it's light and since I'm
led to this one down below oh my god so
what do you guys think of this dress I
love the colors on first glance I
honestly prefer the hmm fit to this fit
although I do really like the color it
does come with a little slip underneath
oh and here are the shoes it would
definitely pair these two together I
think it'd look really nice
show you them at the same happy this top
is from a CV a white solid house nothing
new here but I just really like the
sleeves I thought the sleeves are really
unique and the fabric is really
beautiful as well and then the second
thing I have to show you is this
wraparound skirt which has a soak this
slip it loves the blue and the cream
together and I think with heels and a
little crop top it will look really
sweet no I love white after all the tops
returned it from urban outfitters its
most amazing red emoji salsa breath look
at the hemline I'm wearing it with the
Jimmy Choo shoes again just to show you
what it looks like but look at this oh
my gosh it's just so beautiful
I've already told like ten friends to go
and buy it they love it so much I want
side by the way the glam glow totally
got rid of my spot it was amazing
overnight by the way and I probably
spot just a bit literally overnight the
thirsty mud by the way the blue one I'm
a big fan I am littering umber one fan
