we have just woken up in the beautiful
admire bay house which is in ullapool
about an hour and a half north of
Inverness that was the worst Scottish
yeah just woken up to this most
incredible view and have the best
night's sleep because there was
absolutely no noise no lights anywhere
weekend and this place it was staying
this is so beautiful it's just lovely
I'm I think it's a full bedroom cottage
just exploring the local beaches near
the cottage
so the surroundings are pretty
spectacular and yeah can you go for nice
in the walk
and Platt feeling a bit like Lara Croft
in my leather look jeans Karen Millen
love them um and high-neck don't know
and they've just been discussing lovely
new Tom Ford launches for the new
spring/summer collection which I'll show
so I now come to the Ilario Bateman tree
and then launching or they've just
norwich tanu range of products with
plate which I have never heard of before
I think they're probably the first to
market doing play in the hair products
so this mask was really good for oily
roots and dry hands which is exactly
what I have with my hats I've just had
that put in as pre shampoo treatment and
kettle and I'm gonna have one of those
lovely Neal's Yard umm calming chamomile
teas and then I'm gonna crack on with
