actually use my phone just like I've
come back in the UK it's honestly
amazing so it's a game it's natural game
changer I'd use my phone in this country
at no extra cost but I explain more
about that a bit later on the vlog so
one of the reasons why I'm with threes
because as you know I fly to LA like
quite a lot of the time and when I get
to LA I can use my phone at no extra
cost
so basically when I land I can still
send texts just like a normally word I
can still send my emails I can still use
whatsapp but the most important thing is
I can still use my apps like snapchat
I can still use Instagram he's like you
burn like it's just so convenient when I
land knowing that I'm not gonna get like
a huge bill at the end of my and then my
trip I can share shamelessly I just
can't say it
cher shameless I can't do it I can share
shamelessly it's like she shows she
shows ice cut I cut you know I mean I
can share shamelessly done it about it
build it without a doubt the main reason
why I'm with Three's because of their
feel at home package that's what I use
so when I when I land in America
anywhere within I think as I thought
there's deer 42 countries and there's
actually more has been added like
Portugal Greece and Germany are going to
be added very very soon and actually
everyone gets Germany uh very soon all
42 countries like including Germany
Portugal and Greece will be available
from September so I could be coming to
