and they have got some amazing food
including Starbucks yes yes so much my
studio so excited to eat this this is
looking so nice you happy with that
were so nice and we use the company
called smooth movers and they are like
the nicest team just if anyone embrace
you never needs a moving company they
packed for us as well and I just I have
so much love for them the guides are so
nice like they brought us chairs to sit
on they brought our dining chairs out
because I was sitting in the street on
the curb eating a panini because they
had nowhere to sit and then yeah we
didn't even need to like supervise
iminium we were there because we're
control freaks that we didn't even need
to be that they were really nice and
they bought us chests so on and they
just let the nicest guys so sweet yeah
big thank you to them because they made
my day so much easier and a big thank
it's a shop called unlimited make a
really nice stuff like these like marble
and gold like slab and they're kind of
