cracking so if we're going to head up to
Alex Alex which is incredible like
Emporium full of independent boutiques
and stalls and shops and things like
that that do a lot of fun to dress a lot
of vintage and retro items so we're
going to hit there if we don't have any
so we have this beautiful ruffle check
shirt this is from a soft and I really
love the colors don't think you can I
don't know I'm showing you that
sorry that you really see how love the
new colors are but it's like green and
pink and blue and like a darker pink
throughout its really bit lovely and
and then I've got my Stella McCartney
bag Heather my fellow Bell bag which
I've kind of like full and more and more
in love with again I kind of neglect it
for those like mile away and my Gucci
but this is like the biggest bag in my
collection and it's really really nice
even though ain't that great I have got
this epic earrings and got these from
H&M and last week retro from a mom or
sister and they're so disgusting but so
bloody ultimate look they've got a
little evil eye on them - just beautiful
massive heart with like pink and gold
SuperDuper old just found these jeans in
another package that have an outfit sent
me really really like the feel of how
they come like the ones they come to on
the ankle and these huge rips and a bit
of Tears here very very nice I've been
