came along and said Mitch lacks if
you've got any ideas we'd like to work
with you and we came back with the idea
that we would move to bath and that
would be the idea for to work with his
partner and they liked the idea and they
said let's go so that's why we're in
bath that the partner we talked about is
is compared to market calm they
specialize in finding really good deals
on things like insurance health
insurance pet insurance travel insurance
broadband deals everything you need to
fill out when you leave house yeah so
it's not specifically just for people
mean we have you need to meet whenever
but for us it's like we were changing
everything all that wants I don't know
when we would have done it if it wasn't
for those guys from them because they
gave us everything new to do there's no
thank you from the bottom of our heart
it means a lot and yeah you should go to
kepada market that I have my little lady
cave and that we've been able to move so
quickly we need things like health
insurance pet insurance energy and we
don't really have the time at the moment
to go around looking for good deals so
they're going to do all the hard work
for us so I'm going to be using now to
get us all set up and I think that's
going to be using them again and a few
months time because I think he was to
get another vestra saved anythin for the
anyways please go check them out if you
want to see if you can go save yourself
some money
