anyone that asked me Joe what is it that
you put your hair to make it away is one
of the main ingredients to having a good
head of hair is this label MC sort spray
I think I've already showed you this in
a vlog I can't remember but either way
I'm showing you again this stuff is
still my favourite thing to put in my
hair after a shower and your blow-dryer
and then it just makes 6 I have quite
like I have a lot of hair this is quite
thin I do definitely not have thick hair
and this makes it just feel a bit more
thicker oh there's so much like thing is
first things first whenever I come to
Berlin to see my sister I always go to
the pasty shop or Cornwall to get a
pasty a bloody little pasties this is a
multi-purpose capacity of his one it's
gonna fill me up and to leave my hand
warm it was quite cold and Brian taxis
