because we got a new mattress the other
day and it is bloody amazing so I wanted
guys can see I oh my god
it's made my sleeping so much better
already like I don't want to get out of
bed in the morning
we've had a delivery today that we're
really excited about and it's a Casper
mattress and we've both heard of them
before birth yeah so we put it in a
super king size that wasn't me
yeah we're gonna unbox it and change up
my mattress I'm really excited too
because yeah if any of you know I
haven't sold me I'm hoping help yeah and
yeah it just helps everything because
Jason's got a bad spine and with the
pregnancy and everything it can be
tricky to sleep so hopefully this can
help if you wondering why were in the
wear it I'm so excited to sleep on this
mattress tonight like I know that's such
a nerdy thing but honestly it's oh I
can't wait I wanted to let you guys know
that I'm gonna put a special link down
below for this mattress and also I'm
gonna have a promo code so if you guys
use it you can get $50 off and then it's
gonna be Casper com4 Sammy
was looking at everything to do with the
mattress and it says it's made with
springy latex and also supportive memory
foam so it's good combination also they
do free shipping so yeah but you guys
might like to know hey guys it's Sunday
