and this route our room is honestly the
nicest most incredible hotel room I've
ever stayed in in my entire life I'm
obsessed
do that but if so so beautiful we're
staying in one Brooklyn one hotels but
the Brooklyn one which is why we've got
the amazing view over Manhattan and it's
just beautiful we're here with West Elm
and for a couple of days and then
look at their like full and full that
autumn and winter collection and it
looks really nice all their Christmas
and then this is my and Other Stories
skirt you guys know I love the skirt the
slip I've got quite high so I sort of
have to do
it down every now and again but it's
very nice and slow to you when it's warm
outside I've got my selected femme
espadrilles on maybe because they're the
most comfortable shoes I have and yes
they we walked there like eight miles or
something crazy eight miles and a
like a lovely place these comment
dresses and really his ball for you my
t-shirt is great it's a great material
was a great great solid searches we have
and then this is the bed the bed is in
credible like seriously so comfortable
really cushiony like sleeping on a cloud
quickly show you work on my lips it is
this from glossier I picked it up today
and it is in the shade zip and I like it
kind of matching the shoes a little bit
if it is like an orange II sort of rusty
red I absolutely love it but in kind of
lip balm form it didn't use any liner
and it is very like quick and easy to
use I feel like I'm wearing red but not
Gordon Mouse ending this is spicy tuna
salmon avocado special like a crispy
right oh man this it's amazing lips
flowers very delicately placed on as
well as impressive is it absolute best
moment I've ever had
lip stuff is nice I like it and I like
reapplied at once and but yeah it's been
