that place had gluten-free pancakes with
Nutella and they were so good we're just
head home and make lunch we've come to
Allah to you to have a little drink and
this is a really nice free beach a lot
of beaches on here are private this is a
really nice free Beach
I bought this from makeup forever the
hydrating primer quite a sight even
done I just wanted to show you guys this
and become a little bit in love with
this it's new from YSL don't think about
yet it's called the sunkissed blur
Perfector it's basically a cream bronzer
and I have the shade Sahara in I think
maybe they'll called that I'm not sure
which so it's kind of like a ready brown
um which is a good because it's kind of
my natural tan color I love this so much
how I like to apply it I think it's
really nice to give like a natural
sunkissed look so what I do is I use the
put it up towards my hairline it's so so
nice when this comes out not sure when
I'll find out um I really really
recommend it it's great
