these are my favorite jeans in a long
time this one hmm
and they're just so flattering I feel
like they make my legs look a lot
slimmer and they make my booty look
pretty decent too which is quite nice
and then on my feet I've got my brand
new Gucci boots these were kindly sent
to me by netball day and I'm totally in
love they're like floral that fringing
trying out these a Charlotte Tilbury
instant looking at palette and I really
like it like contour here and then
highlight in the but I don't really love
these new jeans these are from Topshop
there's a girl without inciting traffic
time they're like em a kick Flair but
they don't look too sled like a straight
ankle gray the kind of thing really into
them they're super high waisted and
they're just very very flattering indeed
and this color wash is like right up my
street looks good on the old boot a and
then these boots these are also new from
Topshop and they're just like a sock I
feel that everyone and their moms have
these boots I've been hunting high and
low for the perfect like day-to-night
view and I think these the one they're
just so gorgeous they look very very
sexy on the old foot see how that's my
