stylish is my motto so I lately have
been really enjoying these linen shirts
from Lucky Brand they're really
comfortable light and they're just
perfect and stylish of course can't
forget that my go-to shoes are these
Clarks original desert boots these are
the original desert boot these are
perfect for most of my days because
they're light on my feet they're
comfortable the sole is really sturdy
and comfortable and they're also they go
really well with anything practically
you know it's just you can wear these
with anything so I just love wearing
these on these type of days and once I'm
I forgot to mention my activeflex jeans
from American Eagle these are
life-changing they're really comfortable
they're flexible they're stretchy so it
doesn't feel like you're wearing heavy
jeans on if you know what I mean so
these are great and that's my outfit
a canon 70d great quality great audio I
suggest you guys invest in one if you
guys want to start filming it is the
best so I recommend that once we're all
