stationary asset which is very festive
and nice I love this I love the colors
they've chosen for this collection is
gone off like floor like my flawless
leaf print and gold and green spots and
I really am digging it a lot I really
like this say that's about 12 pounds I
think
have them all by far my favorite super
nice I don't know what's in it I thought
it'd be like sickly Christmassy but it's
not it does have like a bit of mint in
it but it is just so lovely and I love
the little pom-pom on it so cute so this
is definitely gonna be a staple in my
life now I love it and I also got the
anywho I just had a delivery from new
look I was sucked in because they
emailed me like three thousand times
saying we have 25% off everything and I
was like oh okay so I found these
beautiful little white lace shorts I
for it but it's like a blue gingham
style bow dress oh my goodness I think
this is so pretty
